cast member	Aramane (Kannada: ಅರಮನೆ, translation: Palace) is a 2008 Indian Kannada drama film directed by Nagashekhar, starring Ganesh and Anant Nag in the lead roles.	Aramane	Ganesh	Anant Nag
cast member	National Lampoon's Vacation, sometimes referred to as Vacation, is a 1983 American comedy film directed by Harold Ramis and starring Chevy Chase, Beverly D'Angelo, Randy Quaid, Dana Barron, and Anthony Michael Hall.	National Lampoon's Vacation	Chevy Chase	Beverly D'Angelo	Randy Quaid	Dana Barron	Anthony Michael Hall
cast member	The Adventures of Captain Africa (1955) is a Columbia serial starring John Hart.	The Adventures of Captain Africa	John Hart
cast member	Shaolin Plot (Chinese: 四大門派) is a 1977 Hong Kong film directed by Huang Feng and featuring Sammo Hung in his first starring role and as action director.	Shaolin Plot	Sammo Hung
cast member	Pleasant Nights (Italian: Le piacevoli notti) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Armando Crispino and Luciano Lucignani and starring Vittorio Gassman and Gina Lollobrigida.	Pleasant Nights	Vittorio Gassman	Gina Lollobrigida
cast member	The Case of the Velvet Claws is a 1936 mystery film, based on the first Perry Mason novel by Erle Stanley Gardner and featuring the fourth and final appearance of Warren William as defense attorney Mason.	The Case of the Velvet Claws	Warren William
cast member	The Temptation of Barbizon (French: La Tentation de Barbizon) is a French fantasy-romance film from 1946, directed by Jean Stelli, written by André-Paul Antoine and Marc-Gilbert Sauvajon, and starring Simone Renant and François Périer.	The Temptation of Barbizon	Simone Renant	François Périer
cast member	Justice of the Wild is a 1913 American silent short adventure film directed by Frank E. Montgomery starring Harry Van Meter, Mona Darkfeather, and Jack Messick .	Justice of the Wild	Mona Darkfeather
cast member	Million Dollar Baby is a 2004 American sports drama film directed, co-produced and scored by Clint Eastwood, and starring Eastwood, Hilary Swank and Morgan Freeman.	Million Dollar Baby	Clint Eastwood	Hilary Swank	Morgan Freeman
cast member	Condemned to Hang or Flesh for the Gallows (Spanish:Carne de horca, Italian:Il terrore dell'Andalusia) is a 1953 Italian-Spanish historical adventure film directed by Ladislao Vajda and starring Rossano Brazzi, Fosco Giachetti and Emma Penella.	Condemned to Hang	Rossano Brazzi
cast member	The Muppets Take Manhattan is a 1984 American musical comedy film directed by Frank Oz. It is the third of a series of live-action musical feature films starring Jim Henson's Muppets with special appearances by Art Carney, James Coco, Dabney Coleman, Gregory Hines, Linda Lavin, and Joan Rivers.	The Muppets Take Manhattan	Jim Henson	Art Carney	Gregory Hines	Linda Lavin	Joan Rivers
cast member	Parodying television series such as Star Trek and its fandom, the film stars Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, and Daryl Mitchell as the cast of a defunct television series called Galaxy Quest, in which the crew of a spaceship embarked on intergalactic adventures.	Galaxy Quest	Tim Allen	Sigourney Weaver	Alan Rickman	Tony Shalhoub	Sam Rockwell	Daryl Mitchell
cast member	Pharaoh's Army is a 1995 American film directed, written and produced by Robby Henson, starring Chris Cooper, Patricia Clarkson and Kris Kristofferson.	Pharaoh's Army	Chris Cooper	Patricia Clarkson	Kris Kristofferson
cast member	Since season 9, Cyril Hanouna is the Nouvelle Star's TV host.	Nouvelle Star	Cyril Hanouna
cast member	My Letter to George (aka Mesmerized and Shocked) is a 1986 drama film directed by Michael Laughlin and starring Jodie Foster, John Lithgow and Michael Murphy.	My Letter to George	Jodie Foster	John Lithgow	Michael Murphy
cast member	The Beautician and the Beast is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Ken Kwapis and starring Fran Drescher and Timothy Dalton as the title characters.	The Beautician and the Beast	Fran Drescher	Timothy Dalton
cast member	Beverly of Graustark (1926) is a silent film directed by Sidney Franklin, starring Marion Davies, Antonio Moreno and Creighton Hale.	Beverly of Graustark	Marion Davies	Antonio Moreno	Creighton Hale
cast member	Lillian Gish as True Heart Susie Robert Harron as William Jenkins Clarine Seymour as Bettina Hopkins Kate Bruce as Bettina's aunt Raymond Cannon as Sporty Malone Carol Dempster as Bettina's friend George Fawcett as The Stranger Wilbur Higby as William's father Loyola O'Connor as Susie's aunt	True Heart Susie	Robert Harron	Kate Bruce	Carol Dempster	George Fawcett
cast member	Wicked as They Come (Portrait in Smoke in the United States) is a 1956 British film starring Arlene Dahl, Philip Carey and Herbert Marshall.	Wicked as They Come	Arlene Dahl
cast member	Capitaine Pantoufle (English: Captain Pantoufle) is a French comedy film of 1953, directed by Guy Lefranc, written by Alfred Adam, starring Madeleine Lebeau and Louis de Funès.	Capitaine Pantoufle	Louis de Funès
cast member	Stripped to Kill is a 1987 erotic thriller/sexploitation film, it was directed by Katt Shea, and stars Greg Evigan, Kay Lenz & Norman Fell.	Stripped to Kill	Greg Evigan	Kay Lenz	Norman Fell
cast member	Deck Dogz is a 2005 Australian skater film, written and directed by Steve Pasvolsky and starring Sean Kennedy, Ho Thi Lu and Richard Wilson with a guest appearance by Tony Hawk.	Deck Dogz	Sean Kennedy	Richard Wilson
cast member	Humor Risk (1921) was the first Marx Brothers film.	Humor Risk	Marx Brothers
cast member	Lady Cops or Les Keufs is a 1987 French comedy film directed by Josiane Balasko.	Lady Cops	Josiane Balasko
cast member	Asalto a la ciudad (English language: Assault on the City) is a 1968 Argentine black and white crime film directed and written by Carlos Cores who also starred with Santiago Gómez Cou and Olga Zubarry.	Asalto a la ciudad	Carlos Cores	Santiago Gómez Cou	Olga Zubarry
cast member	Kunguma Pottu Gounder is a 2001 Tamil drama film directed by G. Saisuresh and produced by Vishnuram under Ganga Gowri Productions.The film stars Sathyaraj, Rambha in lead roles with Kausalya, Karan, Mouli and Goundamani in supporting roles.	Kunguma Pottu Gounder	Sathyaraj	Rambha	Kausalya	Karan	Goundamani
cast member	Hard Ticket to Hawaii is a 1987 action adventure film starring Ronn Moss (Rowdy Abilene), Dona Speir (Donna), Hope Marie Carlton (Taryn), Cynthia Brimhall (Edy), and Harold Diamond (Jade).	Hard Ticket to Hawaii	Ronn Moss	Hope Marie Carlton	Cynthia Brimhall
cast member	Z.P.G. (short for ``Zero Population Growth'') is a 1972 Danish-American dystopian science fiction film starring Oliver Reed and Geraldine Chaplin and directed by Michael Campus.	Z.P.G.	Oliver Reed	Geraldine Chaplin
cast member	Farewell, My Love is a 2001 action film by Randall Fontana starring Gabrielle Fitzpatrick, Phillip Rhys, and Robert Culp.	Farewell, My Love	Gabrielle Fitzpatrick	Phillip Rhys	Robert Culp
cast member	Mister Ten Per Cent is a 1967 British comedy film, directed by Peter Graham Scott and starring Charlie Drake.	Mister Ten Per Cent	Charlie Drake
cast member	Sumolah (Let's Sumo!) is a 2007 Malaysian action-comedy film starring Afdlin Shauki and featuring the Japanese sport of sumo wrestling.	Sumolah	Afdlin Shauki
cast member	Long Lasting Days (Italian: Una vita lunga un giorno) is a 1973 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Ferdinando Baldi and starring Mino Reitano.	Long Lasting Days	Mino Reitano
cast member	Aazhakadal is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Shaan, featuring Kalabhavan Mani and Sruthi Lakshmi in the lead roles.	Aazhakadal	Kalabhavan Mani
cast member	The Danger Line (also known as The Battle) is a 1924 American silent film directed by Édouard-Émile Violet and featuring Sessue Hayakawa, Tsuru Aoki, Gina Palerme and Francis Ward in pivotal roles.	The Danger Line	Sessue Hayakawa	Tsuru Aoki
cast member	Maine Dil Tujhko Diya (English: I gave my heart to you) is a 2002 Bollywood musical romantic drama film directed by and starring Sohail Khan who makes his acting debut along with another debuatant Sameera Reddy.	Maine Dil Tujhko Diya	Sohail Khan	Sameera Reddy
cast member	Get Married 2 is a 2009 Indonesian romantic comedy directed by Hanung Bramantyo and starring Nirina Zubir and Nino Fernandez.	Get Married 2	Nirina Zubir	Nino Fernandez
cast member	Pola X is a 1999 French romantic drama film starring Guillaume Depardieu, Yekaterina Golubeva and Catherine Deneuve.	Pola X	Guillaume Depardieu	Yekaterina Golubeva	Catherine Deneuve
cast member	Lili Taylor as Julie Johnson Courtney Love as Claire Noah Emmerich as Rick Johnson Mischa Barton as Lisa Johnson Gideon Jacobs as Franky Johnson Spalding Gray as Mr. Miranda Patrick Fitzgerlad as Mike Donna Hanover as Catherine Miranda	Julie Johnson	Noah Emmerich	Spalding Gray
cast member	The Extra is a 2005 Australian film starring Irish comedian Jimeoin.	The Extra	Jimeoin
cast member	Car-napping is a German comedy about international car thieves from 1980 with Bernd Stephan and Anny Duperey.	Car-napping	Bernd Stephan	Anny Duperey
cast member	Tirangaa (Hindi: तिरंगा, Tricolour) is an Indian Patriotic film starring Raaj Kumar, Nana Patekar and Mamta Kulkarni, released in 1993.	Tirangaa	Raaj Kumar	Nana Patekar	Mamta Kulkarni
cast member	Udayon is a 2005 Malayalam film starring Mohanlal and directed by Bhadran.The film was a box office failure.	Udayon	Mohanlal
cast member	Mary Find the Gold (or Mary-Find-the-Gold) is a 1921 British silent drama film directed by George Pearson and starring Betty Balfour, Tom Coventry and Hugh E. Wright.	Mary Find the Gold	Betty Balfour
cast member	Our Italian Husband (also called Rent-a-Husband or Mariti in affitto) is a 2004 romantic comedy starring Brooke Shields, Maria Grazia Cucinotta, Chevy Chase and Pierfrancesco Favino written and directed by Ilaria Borrelli.	Our Italian Husband	Brooke Shields	Maria Grazia Cucinotta	Chevy Chase	Pierfrancesco Favino
cast member	The Flower of the Indies (French:La fleur des Indes) is a 1921 French silent film directed by Théo Bergerat and starring Huguette Duflos, André Baugé and Geo Leclercq.	The Flower of the Indies	Huguette Duflos
cast member	Rumor mills suggest that a rift was occurring between Kuo Chui and Lu Feng over choreography credits in previous films thus they came to an agreement that Kuo Chui would sit out 2 Champions of Shaolin and Lu Feng will sit out a later film, thus giving the role usually filled by Kuo to Lo Mang.	2 Champions of Shaolin	Lo Mang
cast member	Hearts of Fire is a 1987 American musical drama film starring Bob Dylan, Fiona Flanagan (billed only as ``Fiona'') and Rupert Everett.	Hearts of Fire	Bob Dylan	Fiona	Rupert Everett
cast member	Early Frost is a 1982 Australian thriller film starring Guy Doleman, Jon Blake, Diana McLean and David Franklin.	Early Frost	Jon Blake
cast member	Safe in Hell is a 1931 American Pre-Code thriller film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Dorothy Mackaill and Donald Cook with featured performances by Morgan Wallace, Ralf Harolde, Noble Johnson and Nina Mae McKinney.	Safe in Hell	Dorothy Mackaill	Donald Cook	Morgan Wallace	Ralf Harolde	Noble Johnson	Nina Mae McKinney
cast member	The Parallax View is a 1974 American political thriller film directed and produced by Alan J. Pakula, and starring Warren Beatty, Hume Cronyn, William Daniels and Paula Prentiss.	The Parallax View	Warren Beatty	Hume Cronyn	William Daniels	Paula Prentiss
cast member	Turn the Key Softly is a 1953 British drama film, directed by Jack Lee and starring Yvonne Mitchell, Joan Collins, Kathleen Harrison and Terence Morgan.	Turn the Key Softly	Yvonne Mitchell	Joan Collins	Kathleen Harrison	Terence Morgan
cast member	Hips, Hips, Hooray! is a 1934 American Pre-Code slapstick comedy film starring Bert Wheeler, Robert Woolsey, Ruth Etting, Thelma Todd, and Dorothy Lee.	Hips, Hips, Hooray!	Robert Woolsey	Ruth Etting	Thelma Todd	Dorothy Lee
cast member	Zion and His Brother is a 2009 French-Israeli drama film starring Reuven Badalov and Ronit Elkabetz.	Zion and His Brother	Ronit Elkabetz
cast member	No Money Needed (German:Man braucht kein Geld) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Hedy Lamarr, Heinz Rühmann and Hans Moser.	No Money Needed	Hedy Lamarr	Heinz Rühmann	Hans Moser
cast member	The State of Marriage is a 2015 documentary film about the origins of the marriage equality movement, focusing on the decades of grassroots advocacy by lawyers Mary Bonauto, Susan Murray, and Beth Robinson and the 1999 Vermont Supreme Court case Baker v. Vermont.	The State of Marriage	Mary Bonauto
cast member	The Swan and the Wanderer (Finnish: Kulkuri ja joutsen) is a Finnish film telling the story of two very popular Finnish singer/songwriters, Tapio Rautavaara (Tapio Liinoja) and Reino Helismaa (Martti Suosalo), who worked together until their relationship got frictious for a long time.	The Swan and the Wanderer	Martti Suosalo
cast member	Angaara is a 1996 Bollywood movie directed by Anil Ganguly, and starring Mithun Chakraborty and Simran in lead roles, and music was by duo, Dilip Sen and Sameer Sen. It did not do well at the box office.	Angaara	Mithun Chakraborty	Simran
cast member	The Legend of Seven Cutter (Hangul: 카리스마 탈출기; RR: Kariseuma Talchoolgi; lit. ``Escaping from Charisma'') is a 2006 South Korean film starring Ahn Jae-mo and Yoon Eun-hye.	The Legend of Seven Cutter	Ahn Jae-mo
cast member	Un mauvais garçon (English: Counsel for Romance) is a 1936 French film featuring Danielle Darrieux.	Un mauvais garçon	Danielle Darrieux
cast member	Half-Wits Holiday marked the final appearance of Curly Howard as an official member of the slapstick comedy team.	Half-Wits Holiday	Curly Howard
cast member	Permanent Midnight is a 1998 independent drama film directed by David Veloz and starring Ben Stiller.	Permanent Midnight	Ben Stiller
cast member	This Man Is Dangerous (U.S. title: The Patient Vanishes) is a 1941 British thriller film, directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring James Mason and Gordon McLeod.	This Man Is Dangerous	James Mason	Gordon McLeod
cast member	Mont-Dragon is a 1970 French film directed by Jean Valère, starring Jaques Brel, François Prévost, Paul le Person and Catherine Rouvel, with a screenplay by Robert Margerit.	Mont-Dragon	Catherine Rouvel
cast member	Girls of Today (Italian: Ragazze d'oggi) is a 1955 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Marisa Allasio.	Girls of Today	Marisa Allasio
cast member	Kaalamellam Kaathiruppen (Tamil: காலமெல்லாம் காத்திருப்பேன் ; English: I Will Wait Forever) is 1997 Tamil film directed by R. Sundarrajan.	Kaalamellam Kaathiruppen	R. Sundarrajan
cast member	Young Mr. Lincoln is a 1939 partly fictionalized biopic about the early life of President Abraham Lincoln, directed by John Ford and starring Henry Fonda.	Young Mr. Lincoln	Henry Fonda
cast member	Rajan Paranja Kadha is a 1978 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Mani Swamy and produced by Mani M K. The film stars Kaviyoor Ponnamma, Jose Prakash, Sankaradi and Sukumaran in lead roles.	Rajan Paranja Kadha	Kaviyoor Ponnamma
cast member	The Brute Man is a 1946 American horror thriller film starring Rondo Hatton as the Creeper, a murderer seeking revenge against the people he holds responsible for the disfigurement of his face.	The Brute Man	Rondo Hatton
cast member	December Bride centered around the adventures of Lily Ruskin, a spry widow played by Spring Byington, who was not, in fact, a ``December'' (rather old) bride but very much desired to become one if the right man would come along.	December Bride	Spring Byington
cast member	Pachuvum Kovalanum (Malayalam: പാച്ചുവും കോവാലനും) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Thaha, starring Mukesh, Suraj Venjaramood, Meghna Raj and Jyothirmayi in the lead roles.	Pachuvum Kovalanum	Mukesh	Jyothirmayi
cast member	Shatru is a 1986 hit film starring Rajesh Khanna in the lead in a role playing the role of an inspector in a remote village.	Shatru	Rajesh Khanna
cast member	Caractacus tells them a tale about nasty Baron Bomburst (Gert Fröbe), the tyrant of fictional Vulgaria, who wants to steal Chitty Chitty Bang Bang for himself.	Chitty Chitty Bang Bang	Gert Fröbe
cast member	The Curiosity of Chance is a 2006 comedy film directed by Russell P. Marleau, produced by Bigfoot Entertainment and starring Tad Hilgenbrink.	The Curiosity of Chance	Tad Hilgenbrink
cast member	The show follows the life of Aída García (Carmen Machi), who has to move to a somewhat seedy neighbourhood with her mother, Eugenia (Marisol Ayuso), and brother, Luisma (Paco León).	Aída	Marisol Ayuso	Paco León
cast member	Our Vines Have Tender Grapes is an American drama film released in 1945, which was directed by Roy Rowland, starring Edward G. Robinson and Margaret O'Brien.	Our Vines Have Tender Grapes	Edward G. Robinson	Margaret O'Brien
cast member	Amar Sangi is a 1987 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Dipti Pal.The film features actors Prosenjit Chatterjee and Vijeta Pandit in the lead roles.	Amar Sangi	Prosenjit Chatterjee
cast member	Dances with Wolves is a 1990 American epic western war film directed, produced by, and starring Kevin Costner.	Dances with Wolves	Kevin Costner
cast member	It stars Kishore in the lead role as Vascodigama, a Kannada lecturer emphasizing his students on the above point; and Parvathy Nair as Shanthi, an English lecturer in the same college, in the lead roles.	Vascodigama	Kishore
cast member	A One Man Show is a long-form music video collection featuring American singer Grace Jones, released in 1982.	A One Man Show	Grace Jones
cast member	Pressed is a 2011 Canadian crime drama film directed by Justin Donnelly and starring Luke Goss, Tyler Johnston, Jeffrey Ballard, and Michael Eklund.	Pressed	Luke Goss
cast member	Vai Raja Vai (English: Place it, king, place it) is a 2015 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film written and directed by Aishwarya Dhanush, starring Gautham Karthik, Priya Anand, Vivek, Taapsee Pannu, Gayathri Raguram and Daniel Balaji.	Vai Raja Vai	Gautham Karthik
cast member	Gold for the Tough Guys of the Prairie (Danish: Guld til præriens skrappe drenge) is a 1971 Danish comedy film directed by Finn Karlsson and starring Dirch Passer.	Gold for the Tough Guys of the Prairie	Dirch Passer
cast member	Heroes Among Heroes (Chinese: 蘇乞兒) is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film produced and directed by Yuen Woo-ping and starring Donnie Yen as the titular protagonist, So Chan, whom was one of the Ten Tigers of Canton.	Heroes Among Heroes	Donnie Yen
cast member	Kannum Karalum is a Malayalam language film starring Sathyan, Ambika Sukumaran, Sukumari, Kamal Haasan, and Vinodini.	Kannum Karalum	Sathyan	Ambika	Sukumari	Kamal Haasan
cast member	Black Mama White Mama is a 1973 women in prison film with elements of blaxploitation, starring Pam Grier and Margaret Markov, and directed by Eddie Romero.	Black Mama White Mama	Pam Grier	Margaret Markov
cast member	Goodbye Casanova was a 2000 made-for-TV romance film that starred Yasmine Bleeth and Gian-Carlo Scandiuzzi.	Goodbye Casanova	Yasmine Bleeth
cast member	Model for Murder is a 1959 British crime film directed by Terry Bishop and starring Keith Andes, Hazel Court and Jean Aubrey.	Model for Murder	Keith Andes
cast member	The Astro-Zombies ‒ sometimes known as The Astro Zombies (without the hyphenation), Space Zombies, and The Space Vampires ‒ is a 1968 science fiction horror film starring John Carradine, Wendell Corey (in his final film appearance) and Tura Satana.	The Astro-Zombies	John Carradine	Wendell Corey	Tura Satana
cast member	The Velvet Vampire, also known as Cemetery Girls, is an American vampire movie from 1971, directed by Stephanie Rothman, starring Celeste Yarnall, Michael Blodgett and Sherry Miles.	The Velvet Vampire	Celeste Yarnall
cast member	King of the Sands is a 2013 historical and biographical film, directed by Najdat Anzour, with the main characters starring Fabio Testi, Bill Fellows in the title roles.	King of the Sands	Fabio Testi
cast member	Father Takes a Wife is a 1941 American comedy film starring Gloria Swanson and Adolphe Menjou.	Father Takes a Wife	Gloria Swanson	Adolphe Menjou
cast member	My Son John is a 1952 American drama film, starring Robert Walker as a man whose parents suspect he may be working as a Communist spy.	My Son John	Robert Walker
cast member	The Altar of Ambition is a 1915 American silent short film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Jack Richardson, Louise Lester, Vivian Rich, Harry von Meter, and David Lythgoe.	The Altar of Ambition	Jack Richardson	Louise Lester	Vivian Rich	Harry von Meter	David Lythgoe
cast member	Sreekrishna Parunthu is a 1984 Malayalam horror film directed by A. Vincent and featuring Mohanlal, Balan K. Nair and Jagathy.	Sreekrishna Parunthu	Mohanlal	Jagathy
cast member	Sir Arne's Treasure (Swedish: Herr Arnes pengar) is a 1919 Swedish crime-drama film directed by Mauritz Stiller, starring Richard Lund, Hjalmar Selander, Concordia Selander and Mary Johnson.	Sir Arne's Treasure	Richard Lund	Hjalmar Selander	Concordia Selander	Mary Johnson
cast member	Always Goodbye is a 1938 American romance drama film directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Barbara Stanwyck, Herbert Marshall, and Ian Hunter.	Always Goodbye	Barbara Stanwyck	Herbert Marshall	Ian Hunter
cast member	The Daily Express rated Four Lions 4/5 and praised the performances in particular, calling the film ``brilliantly cast with all the actors displaying sharp comic timing and both (Riz) Ahmed and (Kayvan) Novak also bringing out the touching humanity of their characters.''	Four Lions	Riz) Ahmed	Kayvan) Novak
cast member	Huliya Haalina Mevu (Kannada: ಹುಲಿಯ ಹಾಲಿನ ಮೇವು) is a 1979 Indian Kannada historical period drama film directed by Vijay, based on a novel of the same name by Bharathisutha, and starring Rajkumar as Chengumani, a commander-in-chief in the 18th-century Coorg region of the present-day Karnataka.	Huliya Haalina Mevu	Rajkumar
cast member	Red Corner is a 1997 American mystery thriller film directed by Jon Avnet, and stars Richard Gere, Bai Ling and Bradley Whitford.	Red Corner	Richard Gere	Bai Ling	Bradley Whitford
cast member	Rally Round the Flag, Boys! is a 1958 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by Max Shulman, directed by Leo McCarey, starring Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward, and released by 20th Century Fox.	Rally Round the Flag, Boys!	Paul Newman	Joanne Woodward
cast member	Le Dindon is a French comedy film from 1951, directed by Claude Barma, starring Nadine Alari and Louis de Funès.	Le Dindon	Nadine Alari	Louis de Funès
cast member	Women in Hospital (German:Frauenstation) is a 1977 West German drama film directed by Rolf Thiele and starring Horst Buchholz, Stephen Boyd and Lillian Müller.	Women in Hospital	Horst Buchholz	Stephen Boyd
cast member	Love 24x7 is a 2015 Indian Malayalam romantic comedy film written and directed by debutante Sreebala K Menon starring Dileep and debutante Nikhila Vimal in lead roles while Suhasini, Sashi Kumar, Lena and Sreenivasan plays the supporting roles.	Love 24x7	Dileep
cast member	The Case of the Curious Bride is a 1935 mystery film, the second in a series starring Warren William as Perry Mason, following The Case of the Howling Dog.	The Case of the Curious Bride	Warren William
cast member	Where Are You Going, Alfonso XII? (Spanish:¿Dónde vas, Alfonso XII?) is a 1959 Spanish historical drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Vicente Parra, Paquita Rico and Mercedes Vecino.	Where Are You Going, Alfonso XII?	Paquita Rico
cast member	Tarzan's Magic Fountain is a 1949 Tarzan film starring Lex Barker as Tarzan and Brenda Joyce as his companion Jane.	Tarzan's Magic Fountain	Lex Barker	Brenda Joyce
cast member	Andrew Hansen: the leader of the CNNNN ``newsband'', which would play musical commentary for some stories, and occasionally lyrically interact with the other members of the cast as if actually talking to them.	CNNNN	Andrew Hansen
cast member	Now I'll Tell One is a 1927 silent film starring Charley Chase.	Now I'll Tell One	Charley Chase
cast member	Rayara Sose (Kannada: ರಾಯರ ಸೊಸೆ) is a 1957 Indian Kannada film produced by Pandari Bai and directed by R. Ramamurthy and K. S. Murthy.	Rayara Sose	Pandari Bai
cast member	Make Way for a Lady is a 1936 romantic comedy/ drama directed by David Burton, starring Herbert Marshall and Anne Shirley.	Make Way for a Lady	Herbert Marshall
cast member	The Red Lily is a 1924 American silent drama film directed by Fred Niblo, starring Ramon Novarro, Enid Bennett and Wallace Beery.	The Red Lily	Ramon Novarro	Enid Bennett	Wallace Beery
cast member	Sunstruck is a 1972 British-Australian comedy film directed by James Gilbert and starring Harry Secombe, Maggie Fitzgibbon and John Meillon.	Sunstruck	Harry Secombe
cast member	The Rifleman is an American Western television program starring Chuck Connors as rancher Lucas McCain and Johnny Crawford as his son, Mark McCain.	The Rifleman	Chuck Connors	Johnny Crawford
cast member	The Strange Affair is a 1968 British crime film directed by David Greene, and starring Michael York, Jeremy Kemp and Susan George.	The Strange Affair	Michael York	Jeremy Kemp	Susan George
cast member	Uliyin Osai (Tamil: உளியின் ஒசை, English: Sound of Chisel) is a 2008 Indian Tamil Period Drama written by Karunanidhi and directed by Ilavenil, starring Vineeth in the lead role, with Keerthi Chawla.	Uliyin Osai	Vineeth	Keerthi Chawla
cast member	The Serfs (German:Die Leibeigenen) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Richard Eichberg and starring Heinrich George, Mona Maris and Maria Reisenhofer.	The Serfs	Heinrich George
cast member	Rikky and Pete is a 1988 Australian film directed by Nadia Tass and written by David Parker starring Stephen Kearney and Nina Landis.	Rikky and Pete	Nina Landis
cast member	Move Over, Darling is a 1963 comedy film starring Doris Day, James Garner, and Polly Bergen and directed by Michael Gordon.	Move Over, Darling	Doris Day	James Garner	Polly Bergen
cast member	Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire is a 1985 British musical film starring Phil Daniels and Alun Armstrong.	Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire	Phil Daniels	Alun Armstrong
cast member	The Other Hell (Italian: L'altro inferno, also known as Guardian of Hell) is a 1981 Italian horror film written and directed by Bruno Mattei and starring Franca Stoppi and Carlo De Mejo.	The Other Hell	Franca Stoppi	Carlo De Mejo
cast member	Compromising Daphne is a 1930 British comedy film directed by Thomas Bentley and starring Jean Colin, Phyllis Konstam, C.M. Hallard and Viola Compton.	Compromising Daphne	Jean Colin	Phyllis Konstam	C.M. Hallard	Viola Compton
cast member	Shiva Rajkumar as Anand / Kaddipudi Radhika Pandit as Uma Rangayana Raghu as Jinke Anant Nag as Sathya Murthy Rajesh Nataranga as Indresh/Gaali Sharath Lohitashwa as Shankarappa Renuka Prasad as Renukaji Balu Nagendra as Rekke Venkatesa Avinash as ACP Vijaya Prasad Girija Lokesh Aindrita Ray as Daisy (cameo appearance)	Kaddipudi	Shiva Rajkumar
cast member	Mabel's Nerve (1914) is a comedy film starring Mabel Normand and directed by George Nichols.	Mabel's Nerve	Mabel Normand
cast member	After production difficulties, Viacom 18 Motion Pictures decided in December 2008 to rename the film after the Himesh Reshammiya song Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye.	Tere Bina Jiya Nahin Jaye	Himesh Reshammiya
cast member	Decent Parties is a 2009 Malayalam-language film by Abraham Lincoln starring Jagadish.	Decent Parties	Jagadish
cast member	Talk of a Million is a 1951 British film directed by John Paddy Carstairs starring Jack Warner, with an early appearance from Sid James.	Talk of a Million	Jack Warner
cast member	What Happens Next, original title You Can't Have It All is a 2012 comedy film by director Jay Arnold starring Jon Lindstrom, Chris Murrah and Wendie Malick.	What Happens Next	Jon Lindstrom	Wendie Malick
cast member	Violent Moment is a 1959 British drama film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Lyndon Brook, Jane Hylton and Jill Browne.	Violent Moment	Lyndon Brook
cast member	No Monkey Business is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Marcel Varnel and starring Gene Gerrard, June Clyde and Renée Houston.	No Monkey Business	Gene Gerrard	June Clyde	Renée Houston
cast member	It's Love Again is a 1936 British musical film directed by Victor Saville and starring Jessie Matthews, Robert Young and Sonnie Hale.	It's Love Again	Jessie Matthews	Robert Young
cast member	Deadly Weapons is a 1974 American sexploitation film directed and produced by Doris Wishman, which starred striptease performer Chesty Morgan (credited as Zsa Zsa).	Deadly Weapons	Chesty Morgan
cast member	Judgment Deferred is a 1952 British drama film directed by John Baxter and starring Hugh Sinclair, Helen Shingler and Abraham Sofaer.	Judgment Deferred	Hugh Sinclair
cast member	Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum is a 1940 mystery film starring Sidney Toler as detective Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan at the Wax Museum	Sidney Toler
cast member	Sam Whiskey is a 1969 American comedy-western film directed by Arnold Laven, and stars Burt Reynolds, Angie Dickinson, Clint Walker and Ossie Davis.	Sam Whiskey	Burt Reynolds	Angie Dickinson	Clint Walker	Ossie Davis
cast member	Mabel Normand as The Little Teacher Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle as Fat Student Mack Sennett as Tall Student Owen Moore as Teacher's Fiancé Billie Brockwell (uncredited) Vivian Edwards (uncredited) Frank Hayes (uncredited) Frank Opperman (uncredited)	The Little Teacher	Owen Moore
cast member	Au diable la vertu (English: To the demon virtuousness), is a French comedy film from 1954, directed by Jean Laviron, written by François Chalais, starring Henri Génès and Louis de Funès.	Au diable la vertu	Henri Génès	Louis de Funès
cast member	Murder at the Cannes Film Festival is a 2000 television film directed by Harvey Frost, starring French Stewart and Karina Lombard.	Murder at the Cannes Film Festival	French Stewart	Karina Lombard
cast member	L'Amour braque (English: Mad love) is a 1985 French romantic drama film directed by Andrzej Zulawski and starring Sophie Marceau, Francis Huster, and Tchéky Karyo.	L'Amour braque	Sophie Marceau	Francis Huster	Tchéky Karyo
cast member	Gopi Kishan is 1994 Hindi Movie directed by Deepak Shivdasani and starring Sunil Shetty in a double role, supported by Shilpa Shirodkar and Karishma Kapoor.	Gopi Kishan	Sunil Shetty	Shilpa Shirodkar
cast member	Moving McAllister is a 2007 American comedy film starring Mila Kunis, Jon Heder, Rutger Hauer, and Billy Drago.	Moving McAllister	Mila Kunis	Jon Heder	Rutger Hauer	Billy Drago
cast member	Beauty's Worth is a 1922 romantic drama film starring Marion Davies as an unsophisticated Quaker who falls in love.	Beauty's Worth	Marion Davies
cast member	Now I'll Tell is a 1934 American drama film starring Spencer Tracy, Helen Twelvetrees, and Alice Faye.	Now I'll Tell	Spencer Tracy	Helen Twelvetrees	Alice Faye
cast member	Until Death is a 2007 American action film directed by Simon Fellows, and starring Jean-Claude Van Damme and Gary Beadle.	Until Death	Jean-Claude Van Damme	Gary Beadle
cast member	Vacations in Acapulco (Spanish:Vacaciones en Acapulco) is a 1961 Mexican comedy film directed by Fernando Cortés and starring Antonio Aguilar, Ariadna Welter and Fernando Casanova.	Vacations in Acapulco	Antonio Aguilar
cast member	Kehtaa Hai Dil Baar Baar is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Rahul Dholakia and stars Jimmy Shergill, Kim Sharma, Paresh Rawal in pivotal roles.	Kehtaa Hai Dil Baar Baar	Jimmy Shergill	Kim Sharma	Paresh Rawal
cast member	Olympiyan Anthony Adam is a 1999 high-budget Malayalam film directed by Bhadran starring Mohanlal, Meena and Nassar in the lead roles.	Olympiyan Anthony Adam	Mohanlal	Meena	Nassar
cast member	There's a Zulu On My Stoep (in other countries, Yankee Zulu) is a 1993 South African comedy film by the comedy filmmaker Gray Hofmeyr starring Leon Schuster and John Matshikiza.	There's a Zulu On My Stoep	Leon Schuster
cast member	Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey (Hindi: खेलें हम जी जान से) is an Indian Hindi period piece film directed by Ashutosh Gowariker, starring Abhishek Bachchan and Deepika Padukone in the lead roles.	Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey	Abhishek Bachchan	Deepika Padukone
cast member	A Wedding Invitation (分手合约 fēnshǒu héyuē, literal translation: breakup agreement) is a 2013 Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Ki Hwan Oh and starring Bai Baihe and Eddie Peng.	A Wedding Invitation	Bai Baihe	Eddie Peng
cast member	Les Braqueuses is a 1994 French comedy crime film, directed by Jean-Paul Salomé.	Les Braqueuses	Jean-Paul Salomé
cast member	Miss Pacific Fleet is a 1935 American film featuring Joan Blondell and Glenda Farrell.	Miss Pacific Fleet	Joan Blondell
cast member	That Night in Rio is a 1941 Technicolor American musical comedy film directed by Irving Cummings and starring Alice Faye, Don Ameche and Carmen Miranda (in a dual role as an American entertainer and an aristocratic businessman he is asked to impersonate temporarily).	That Night in Rio	Alice Faye	Don Ameche	Carmen Miranda
cast member	The Sin of Madelon Claudet is a 1931 American Pre-Code drama film directed by Edgar Selwyn and starring Helen Hayes.	The Sin of Madelon Claudet	Helen Hayes
cast member	Hellphone is a 2007 French comedy horror film, directed by James Huth and stars Jean-Baptiste Maunier, Jean Dujardin and Édouard Collin.	Hellphone	Jean-Baptiste Maunier	Jean Dujardin	Édouard Collin
cast member	Circus Kid (also known as Circus Kids) is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Wu Ma.	Circus Kid	Wu Ma
cast member	Raiders from Beneath the Sea is a 1964 Drama directed by Maury Dexter, starring Ken Scott and Merry Anders.	Raiders from Beneath the Sea	Ken Scott
cast member	Shirley MacLaine as Madame Sousatzka Navin Chowdhry as Manek Shabana Azmi as Sushila Peggy Ashcroft as Lady Emily Robert Rietty as Leo Milev Twiggy as Jenny Leigh Lawson as Ronnie Lee Montague as Vincent Pick	Madame Sousatzka	Peggy Ashcroft	Leigh Lawson	Lee Montague
cast member	I Don't Kiss (French: J'embrasse pas) is a 1991 French drama film directed by André Téchiné, starring Manuel Blanc, Emmanuelle Béart and Philippe Noiret.	I Don't Kiss	Manuel Blanc	Emmanuelle Béart	Philippe Noiret
cast member	The Dirty Dozen is a 1967 American war film directed by Robert Aldrich, released by MGM, and starring Lee Marvin.	Dirty Dozen	Lee Marvin
cast member	Peep World is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Barry W. Blaustein and starring an ensemble cast, including Ron Rifkin, Lesley Ann Warren, Ben Schwartz, Michael C. Hall, Sarah Silverman, Rainn Wilson, Kate Mara, Judy Greer, Stephen Tobolowsky, Taraji P. Henson, and Alicia Witt.	Peep World	Ron Rifkin	Lesley Ann Warren	Ben Schwartz	Michael C. Hall	Sarah Silverman	Rainn Wilson	Kate Mara	Judy Greer	Stephen Tobolowsky	Taraji P. Henson	Alicia Witt
cast member	Chicago Confidential is a 1957 film directed by Sidney Salkow, starring Brian Keith, Beverly Garland and Dick Foran.	Chicago Confidential	Brian Keith
cast member	Animal Room is a 1995 American drama/thriller film directed, produced, and written by Craig Singer and starring Neil Patrick Harris as a bullied drug-using teenager and Matthew Lillard as the bully who loves to torment Harris's character.	Animal Room	Neil Patrick Harris	Matthew Lillard
cast member	To Kill a King is a 2003 English Civil War film starring Tim Roth, Rupert Everett and Dougray Scott, directed by Mike Barker.	To Kill a King	Tim Roth	Rupert Everett	Dougray Scott
cast member	Won by a Fish is a 1912 silent film comedy directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mary Pickford.	Won by a Fish	Mary Pickford
cast member	Not Any Weekend for Our Love (French: Pas de week-end pour notre amour), is a French film from 1950, directed by Pierre Montazel, written by Pierre Montazel, and starring by Luis Mariano.	Not Any Weekend for Our Love	Luis Mariano
cast member	Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster (sometimes stylized as Frankenstein Meets the Spacemonster) (1965) is a science fiction cult film, directed by Robert Gaffney and starring Marilyn Hanold, James Karen, and Lou Cutell.	Frankenstein Meets the Space Monster	Marilyn Hanold	James Karen	Lou Cutell
cast member	Klaus Maria Brandauer as Alfie/Carlo Tetrocini, Tetro's father.	Tetro	Klaus Maria Brandauer
cast member	Jeanette MacDonald had been off the screen for five years until her return in Three Daring Daughters (1948), but The Sun Comes Up was to be her last.	The Sun Comes Up	Jeanette MacDonald
cast member	What You Mean We? is the title of a 1986 American made-for-television musical short film starring the performance artist Laurie Anderson, who also wrote and directed the piece.	What You Mean We?	Laurie Anderson
cast member	The Great Flamarion (Erich von Stroheim) is an arrogant, friendless, and misogynous marksman who displays his trick gunshot act in the vaudeville circuit.	The Great Flamarion	Erich von Stroheim
cast member	The Plunderer is a 1924 silent American Western film directed by George Archainbaud and starring Evelyn Brent.	The Plunderer	Evelyn Brent
cast member	The Adventures of Tugboat Annie is a 1957 Canadian-filmed comedy television series starring Minerva Urecal as Annie Brennan, the widowed captain of the tugboat ``Narcissus,'' and Walter Sande as Horatio J. Bullwinkle, the captain of the ``Salamander.''	The Adventures of Tugboat Annie	Minerva Urecal	Walter Sande
cast member	A Bag of Hammers is a 2011 American comedy-drama film directed by Brian Crano and written by Crano and Jake Sandvig, who co-stars in the film with Jason Ritter.	A Bag of Hammers	Jason Ritter
cast member	Calcutta Mail is a 2003 Indian thriller film starring Anil Kapoor, Rani Mukerji and Manisha Koirala.	Calcutta Mail	Anil Kapoor	Manisha Koirala
cast member	Alien Souls is a lost 1916 silent film feature directed by Frank Reicher and starring Sessue Hayakawa, his real-life wife Tsuru Aoki and Earle Foxe.	Alien Souls	Sessue Hayakawa	Tsuru Aoki	Earle Foxe
cast member	A Fool and His Money is a 1925 silent film starring William Haines and Madge Bellamy and is based on a novel by George Barr McCutcheon.	A Fool and His Money	William Haines	Madge Bellamy
cast member	Wine for the Confused is a documentary hosted by John Cleese.	Wine for the Confused	John Cleese
cast member	La Vérité sur Bébé Donge (aka The Truth About Bebe Donge or UK title: The Truth of Our Marriage) is a 1952 French film directed Henri Decoin, and starring Danielle Darrieux and Jean Gabin.	La Vérité sur Bébé Donge	Danielle Darrieux	Jean Gabin
cast member	The Dallas Connection is a 1994 action adventure film starring Bruce Penhall, Mark Barriere and Julie Strain.	The Dallas Connection	Bruce Penhall
cast member	I Want Him Dead (Italian: Lo voglio morto, Spanish: Lo quiero muerto) is a 1968 Italian-Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Paolo Bianchini and starring Craig Hill.	I Want Him Dead	Craig Hill
cast member	Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed? is a 1963 movie comedy starring Dean Martin, Elizabeth Montgomery, and Carol Burnett, and directed by Daniel Mann.	Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed?	Dean Martin	Elizabeth Montgomery	Carol Burnett
cast member	Veetla Visheshanga (Tamil: வீட்ல விசேஷங்க) is a 1994 Tamil film written and directed by K. Bhagyaraj.	Veetla Visheshanga	K. Bhagyaraj
cast member	A Lot like Love is a 2005 romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nigel Cole and starring Ashton Kutcher and Amanda Peet.	A Lot like Love	Ashton Kutcher	Amanda Peet
cast member	La liceale al mare con l'amica di papà (The high school girl at the beach with dad's friend) is a 1980 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Marino Girolami and starring Renzo Montagnani.	La liceale al mare con l'amica di papà	Renzo Montagnani
cast member	Les Grands Ducs (English: The Big Dukes) is a 1996 comedy film stars Jean-Pierre Marielle, Philippe Noiret, Jean Rochefort and Catherine Jacob.	Les Grands Ducs	Jean-Pierre Marielle	Philippe Noiret	Jean Rochefort	Catherine Jacob
cast member	Unaccompanied Minors (called Grounded in the UK and Ireland) is a 2006 Christmas comedy film directed by Paul Feig, starring Lewis Black and Wilmer Valderrama, and co-starring Tyler James Williams, Dyllan Christopher, Brett Kelly, Gia Mantegna, and Quinn Shephard.	Unaccompanied Minors	Lewis Black	Wilmer Valderrama	Tyler James Williams	Dyllan Christopher	Brett Kelly	Gia Mantegna	Quinn Shephard
cast member	Seven Waves Away (alternate U.S. titles: Abandon Ship! and Seven Days From Now) is a 1957 British drama film starring Tyrone Power, Mai Zetterling, Lloyd Nolan, and Stephen Boyd.	Seven Waves Away	Tyrone Power	Mai Zetterling	Lloyd Nolan	Stephen Boyd
cast member	Lonely Joe is a 2009 horror film which stars Erica Leerhsen.	Lonely Joe	Erica Leerhsen
cast member	Bride for Rent is a 2014 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Mae Czarina Cruz starring Kim Chiu and Xian Lim.	Bride for Rent	Kim Chiu
cast member	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind is a 2002 biographical spy comedy film depicting the life of popular game show host and producer Chuck Barris, who claimed to have also been an assassin for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).	Confessions of a Dangerous Mind	Chuck Barris
cast member	The Houston Story is a 1956 American film noir directed by William Castle starring Gene Barry, Barbara Hale and Edward Arnold.	The Houston Story	Gene Barry
cast member	Do Numbri is a 1998 Hindi-language action film directed by T L V Prasad, starring Mithun Chakraborty, Sneha, Suvarna Mathew, Sadashiv Amrapurkar, Johnny Lever and Manoj Joshi	Do Numbri	Mithun Chakraborty	Sadashiv Amrapurkar	Johnny Lever	Manoj Joshi
cast member	American Aristocracy is a 1916 American silent adventure/comedy-drama film directed by Lloyd Ingraham and starring Douglas Fairbanks.	American Aristocracy	Douglas Fairbanks
cast member	Cani e gatti (Italian: Dogs and cats) is a 1952 Italian comedy film starring Titina De Filippo and Umberto Spadaro.	Cani e gatti	Titina De Filippo	Umberto Spadaro
cast member	The Secret of Dr. Mabuse or The Death Ray of Dr. Mabuse (German:Die Todesstrahlen des Dr. Mabuse) is a 1964 science fiction crime film directed by Hugo Fregonese and Victor De Santis and starring Peter van Eyck, O.E. Hasse and Yvonne Furneaux.	The Secret of Dr. Mabuse	Peter van Eyck	Yvonne Furneaux
cast member	Netru Indru Naalai (English: Yesterday, Today, Tomorrow) is a Kollywood film, starring Ravi Krishna (of 7G Rainbow Colony fame).	Netru Indru Naalai	Ravi Krishna
cast member	Thai Mozhi is a Tamil language film directed by R. R. Ilavarasan, starring Sarath Kumar, with Vijayakanth in a guest appearance.	Thai Mozhi	Vijayakanth
cast member	Deadhead Miles is a 1973 American road comedy film directed by Vernon Zimmerman from a script by Terence Malick, and starring Alan Arkin.	Deadhead Miles	Alan Arkin
cast member	Prinz Louis Ferdinand is a 1927 German silent historical film directed by Hans Behrendt and starring Kurt Junker, Christa Tordy, Hans Stüwe and Jenny Jugo.	Prinz Louis Ferdinand	Christa Tordy	Hans Stüwe	Jenny Jugo
cast member	My Wife, the Movie Star (German: Meine Frau, die Filmschauspielerin) is a 1919 German silent comedy film directed by Ernst Lubitsch and starring Ossi Oswalda, Paul Biensfeldt and Victor Janson.	My Wife, the Movie Star	Ossi Oswalda	Paul Biensfeldt	Victor Janson
cast member	William's Wish Wellingtons is an animated BBC children's television series produced by Hibbert Ralph Entertainment (who had previously created Spider), which was aired on BBC One from 25 October 1994 to 27 November 1995; it was narrated by Andrew Sachs (of Fawlty Towers fame).	William's Wish Wellingtons	Andrew Sachs
cast member	Mandya to Mumbai, which was earlier named as Anekere Beedhi, is a Kannada film written and directed by Vaardhik joseph, produced by S.Jyothi Lingam under the banner Sree Neela Durga Parameshwari combines starring Rakesh Adiga and Amrutha rao in the lead roles.	Mandya to Mumbai	Rakesh Adiga
cast member	Death Is a Woman (US: Love is a Woman) is a 1966 British mystery film directed by Frederic Goode and starring Trisha Noble (previously a pop singer known as Patsy Ann Noble, now appearing in her first movie), Mark Burns and Shaun Curry.	Death Is a Woman	Trisha Noble
cast member	National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion is a 2003 TV movie about a Thanksgiving family reunion of the Sniders, starring Bryan Cranston as Woodrow Snider, Judge Reinhold as Dr. Mitch Snider and Penelope Ann Miller as Jill Snider.	National Lampoon's Thanksgiving Family Reunion	Bryan Cranston	Judge Reinhold	Penelope Ann Miller
cast member	L'année des méduses (The Year of the Jellyfish) is a French drama film inspired by a novel by Christopher Frank, directed by Frank himself with Valérie Kaprisky and Bernard Giraudeau.	Year of the Jellyfish	Valérie Kaprisky	Bernard Giraudeau
cast member	Elsk meg i morgen (English: ``Love me tomorrow'') is a 2005 Norwegian comedy film directed by Petter Næss, starring Per Christian Ellefsen and Sven Nordin.	Elsk meg i morgen	Sven Nordin
cast member	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days is a 2003 romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie, starring Kate Hudson and Matthew McConaughey.	How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days	Kate Hudson	Matthew McConaughey
cast member	Poi Satchi is a 1982 Tamil film directed by K. Bhagyaraj, starring K. Bhagyaraj and Radhika	Poi Satchi	K. Bhagyaraj
cast member	Ride the High Country (released in the UK as Guns in the Afternoon) is a 1962 American Western film directed by Sam Peckinpah and starring Randolph Scott, Joel McCrea, and Mariette Hartley.	Ride the High Country	Randolph Scott	Joel McCrea	Mariette Hartley
cast member	All Things Fall Apart is a 2011 American drama film starring Ray Liotta, 50 Cent, Mario Van Peebles, and Lynn Whitfield.	All Things Fall Apart	Ray Liotta	50 Cent	Mario Van Peebles	Lynn Whitfield
cast member	Fearless Fagan is a 1952 film directed by Stanley Donen and stars Janet Leigh and Carleton Carpenter.	Fearless Fagan	Janet Leigh
cast member	Down and Dirty Duck, promoted under the abbreviated title Dirty Duck, is a 1974 American adult animated comedy film directed by Charles Swenson and starring Mark Volman and Howard Kaylan (Flo & Eddie) as the voices of a strait-laced blue collar worker named Willard and an unnamed duck, among other characters.	Down and Dirty Duck	Mark Volman	Howard Kaylan
cast member	The King's Speech won seven British Academy Film Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor (Firth), Best Supporting Actor (Rush), and Best Supporting Actress (Helena Bonham Carter).	The King's Speech	Helena Bonham Carter
cast member	Gérard Depardieu - Boudu Gérard Jugnot - Christian Catherine Frot - Yseult Constance Dollé - Coralie Bonnafet Tarbouriech - Perez Hubert Saint-Macary - Bob Dominique Ratonnat - Le médecin Jean-Paul Rouve - Hubert Serge Riaboukine - Géronimo Jean-Pierre Foucault - Himself	Boudu	Gérard Depardieu	Catherine Frot	Constance Dollé	Bonnafet Tarbouriech	Hubert Saint-Macary	Jean-Paul Rouve	Serge Riaboukine
cast member	Originally titled Blues For Lovers, Ballad in Blue was a 1964 film starring R&B legend Ray Charles.	Ballad in Blue	Ray Charles
cast member	North Sea Texas (Dutch: Noordzee, Texas) is a 2011 Flemish drama film and the first feature from cult director Bavo Defurne, starring Jelle Florizoone and Mathias Vergels.	North Sea Texas	Jelle Florizoone
cast member	Aryamala was a 1941 Tamil-language film starring P. U. Chinnappa, M. S. Sarojini, M. R. Santhanalakshmi and T. S. Balaiah in the lead roles.	Aryamala	P. U. Chinnappa	T. S. Balaiah
cast member	McDull, Prince de la Bun (麥兜菠蘿油王子, McDull, the prince of the pineapple bun with butter) is a 2004 animated Hong Kong film directed by Toe Yuen and starring the voices of Andy Lau, Sandra Ng and Anthony Wong.	McDull, Prince de la Bun	Andy Lau	Sandra Ng	Anthony Wong
cast member	Officer 444 is a 1926 film serial directed by Francis Ford and Ben F. Wilson, produced by Goodwill Productions and released by the independent Davis Distributing Division.	Officer 444	Ben F. Wilson
cast member	Roped was a 1919 American Western/comedy film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey.	Roped	Harry Carey
cast member	Africa Express is a 1975 Italian adventure film starring Ursula Andress, Giuliano Gemma, and Jack Palance that was filmed in Rhodesia.	Africa Express	Ursula Andress	Giuliano Gemma	Jack Palance
cast member	King for a Night is a 1933 American Pre-Code crime film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Chester Morris, Helen Twelvetrees and Alice White.	King for a Night	Chester Morris
cast member	Big Stan is a 2007 American prison comedy directed and produced by Rob Schneider, who also starred in the film.	Big Stan	Rob Schneider
cast member	Her Night Out is a 1932 British comedy film directed by William C. McGann and starring Dorothy Bartlam, Lester Matthews and Joan Marion.	Her Night Out	Dorothy Bartlam
cast member	Fatal Beauty is a 1987 American comedic action thriller film starring Whoopi Goldberg and Sam Elliott, directed by Tom Holland.	Fatal Beauty	Whoopi Goldberg	Sam Elliott
cast member	Les Chiefs follows the Laval Chiefs, a semi-pro team that plays in the LHSPQ, from the beginning of the 2001-2002 season until the start of the 2002-2003 season.	Les Chiefs	Laval Chiefs
cast member	Sagebrush Trail (UK title An Innocent Man) is a 1933 American Pre-Code Western film with locations filmed at Bronson Canyon starring John Wayne and featuring Lane Chandler and Yakima Canutt.	Sagebrush Trail	John Wayne	Lane Chandler	Yakima Canutt
cast member	Kanavan (English: The Husband), is a 1968 Indian Tamil directed by Pa.Neelakandhan, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role and Jayalalitha with C. R. Vijayakumari, S. A. Asokan, Cho among others.	Kanavan	M. G. Ramachandran
cast member	Hello God is a 1951 semi-documentary film with a pacifist message, starring Errol Flynn as a soldier.	Hello God	Errol Flynn
cast member	Too Dangerous to Live is a 1939 British crime film directed by Anthony Hankey and Leslie Norman and starring Sebastian Shaw, Anna Konstam and Reginald Tate.	Too Dangerous to Live	Sebastian Shaw
cast member	J. Warren Kerrigan as Rory o' the Bogs William Walters Edith Bostwick Jessalyn Van Trump George Periolat William Abbott Harold Lloyd as Posse Member (uncredited)	Rory o' the Bogs	J. Warren Kerrigan
cast member	Everybody Does It is a 1949 comedy film starring Paul Douglas, Linda Darnell and Celeste Holm.	Everybody Does It	Paul Douglas	Linda Darnell	Celeste Holm
cast member	Gentlemen Marry Brunettes is a 1955 romantic musical comedy film produced by Russ-Field productions, starring Jane Russell and Jeanne Crain, and released by United Artists.	Gentlemen Marry Brunettes	Jane Russell	Jeanne Crain
cast member	Beloved Corinna (German: Geliebte Corinna and also known as Corinna Darling) is a 1956 German drama film directed by Eduard von Borsody and starring Elisabeth Müller.	Beloved Corinna	Elisabeth Müller
cast member	Bromo and Juliet is a 1926 American silent comedy film starring Charley Chase with an appearance by Oliver Hardy.	Bromo and Juliet	Charley Chase	Oliver Hardy
cast member	Ginger in the Morning is a 1974 comedy film starring Sissy Spacek as a hitchhiker.	Ginger in the Morning	Sissy Spacek
cast member	The Flash Legs (Chinese title: 太極八蛟; Cantonese: Tài jí bā jiǎo. ``The Ultimate Eight Feet''), also released as Shaolin Deadly Kicks, is a 1977 Hong Kong martial arts action film directed by Ma Wu and starring Tao-liang Tan and Lo Lieh.	The Flash Legs	Tao-liang Tan	Lo Lieh
cast member	So F**king Rock Live (also known as So Fucking Rock Live) is a DVD released by Australian musician and stand-up comedian Tim Minchin.	So F**king Rock Live	Tim Minchin
cast member	Moondru Mugam (Tamil: மூன்று முகம், English: Three Faces) is a 1982 Tamil feature film starring Rajinikanth in triple roles as Alex Pandian, Arun and John.	Moondru Mugam	Rajinikanth
cast member	The Strangler is a 1964 crime thriller, directed by Burt Topper and starring Victor Buono, David McLean, Davey Davison and Ellen Corby, with a screenplay by Bill S. Ballinger.	The Strangler	Victor Buono	David McLean	Ellen Corby
cast member	Chhoti Bahen is a 1959 Hindi film that stars Nanda in the title role, and Balraj Sahni, Rehman.	Chhoti Bahen	Nanda	Balraj Sahni	Rehman
cast member	Peter and Vandy is a 2009 American romantic independent drama film starring Jason Ritter and Jess Weixler.	Peter and Vandy	Jason Ritter	Jess Weixler
cast member	Jake Speed is a 1986 action/comedy film directed by Andrew Lane, produced by Lane, Wayne Crawford, and William Fay, written by Lane and Crawford, and starring Crawford in the title role.	Jake Speed	Wayne Crawford
cast member	Manasellam is a 2003 medium-budget Tamil film starring Srikanth and Trisha.	Manasellam	Srikanth
cast member	His Women (Italian: Il mantenuto) is a 1961 Italian comedy film directed by and starring Ugo Tognazzi.	His Women	Ugo Tognazzi
cast member	Nasibo (Punjabi: ਨਸੀਬੋ), also spelled as Naseebo, is a 1994 Punjabi film, directed by Manmohan Singh, starring Raj Babbar, Kavita Kamal (Kimi Verma), Preeti Sapru, Amitoj Maan and others.	Nasibo	Raj Babbar	Kimi Verma
cast member	Infinitely Polar Bear is a 2014 American slice-of-life drama written and directed by Maya Forbes, and starring Mark Ruffalo, Zoe Saldana, Imogene Wolodarsky, and Ashley Aufderheide.	Infinitely Polar Bear	Mark Ruffalo	Zoe Saldana
cast member	Whoever Slew Auntie Roo? is a 1971 British horror-thriller film directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Ralph Richardson, Shelley Winters and Mark Lester.	Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?	Ralph Richardson	Shelley Winters	Mark Lester
cast member	Hit the Saddle is a 1937 ``Three Mesquiteers'' Western B-movie starring Bob Livingston, Ray Corrigan, Max Terhune, and Rita Hayworth, before she became famous.	Hit the Saddle	Bob Livingston	Ray Corrigan	Max Terhune	Rita Hayworth
cast member	Démolition d'un mur (English: Demolition of a wall) is a 1895 French short black-and-white silent film directed and produced by Louis Lumière and starring his brother Auguste Lumière, along with two other men.	Démolition d'un mur	Auguste Lumière
cast member	Mercury Rising is a 1998 American political action thriller film film starring Bruce Willis and Alec Baldwin.	Mercury Rising	Bruce Willis	Alec Baldwin
cast member	The Bridal Chair is a British silent motion picture of 1919 directed by G. B. Samuelson and starring Miriam J. Sabbage, C. M. Hallard, Daisy Burrell and Mary Rorke.	The Bridal Chair	Daisy Burrell
cast member	Dancers in the Dark is a 1932 American Pre-Code film about a taxi dancer (Miriam Hopkins), a big band leader (Jack Oakie), and a gangster (George Raft).	Dancers in the Dark	Miriam Hopkins	Jack Oakie	George Raft
cast member	Gola Barood is a 1989 Hindi-language Indian action film directed by David Dhawan, starring Shatrughan Sinha and Chunky Pandey in lead roles.	Gola Barood	Shatrughan Sinha
cast member	Sakshatkara (Kannada: ಸಾಕ್ಷಾತ್ಕಾರ, translation: Realization) is a 1971 Kannada drama film directed by Puttanna Kanagal featuring Rajkumar, Jamuna and Prithviraj Kapoor.	Sakshatkara	Rajkumar	Jamuna	Prithviraj Kapoor
cast member	Spring Parade is a 1940 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin.	Spring Parade	Deanna Durbin
cast member	Elmer, the Great is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Mervyn LeRoy, starring Joe E. Brown and Patricia Ellis.	Elmer, the Great	Joe E. Brown
cast member	Why Why Love (Chinese: 換換愛; pinyin: Huan Huan Ai) is a 2007 Taiwanese Drama starring Rainie Yang, Mike He and Kingone Wang.	Why Why Love	Rainie Yang	Mike He	Kingone Wang
cast member	Hum Ho Gaye Aapke is a 2001 Bollywood film, directed by Agathiyan and stars Fardeen Khan and Reema Sen in the lead roles.	Hum Ho Gaye Aapke	Fardeen Khan
cast member	Tu Chor Main Sipahi (In Hindi - तु चोर, मै सिपाही) is a film casting Akshay Kumar, Saif Ali Khan, Tabu and Pratibha Sinha in the lead roles.	Tu Chor Main Sipahi	Akshay Kumar	Saif Ali Khan	Tabu	Pratibha Sinha
cast member	Sexton Blake and the Mademoiselle is a 1936 British crime film directed by Alex Bryce and starring George Curzon as Sexton Blake.	Sexton Blake and the Mademoiselle	George Curzon
cast member	The Pride of the Clan is a 1917 American silent romantic drama film directed by Maurice Tourneur, and starring Mary Pickford and Matt Moore.	The Pride of the Clan	Mary Pickford	Matt Moore
cast member	Novo is a 2002 romantic comedy film starring Eduardo Noriega.	Novo	Eduardo Noriega
cast member	A Child's Hope (Simplified Chinese: 孩有明天) is a MediaCorp TV Channel 8 Chinese drama which stars Tay Ping Hui, Phyllis Quek and Huang Biren.	A Child's Hope	Tay Ping Hui	Phyllis Quek	Huang Biren
cast member	Female on the Beach is a 1955 feature film starring Joan Crawford and Jeff Chandler in a story about a widow and her beach bum lover.	Female on the Beach	Joan Crawford	Jeff Chandler
cast member	The Lavender Hill Mob is a 1951 comedy film from Ealing Studios, written by T.E.B. Clarke, directed by Charles Crichton, starring Alec Guinness and Stanley Holloway and featuring Sid James and Alfie Bass.	The Lavender Hill Mob	Alec Guinness	Stanley Holloway	Sid James	Alfie Bass
cast member	Love Phobia (Hangul: 도마뱀; RR: Domabaem; lit. ``Lizard'') is a 2006 South Korean romance drama film directed by Kang Ji-eun and starring Jo Seung-woo and Kang Hye-jung.	Love Phobia	Jo Seung-woo	Kang Hye-jung
cast member	In the woods outside of Cherry Falls, Virginia, a teenage couple, Rod Harper (Jesse Bradford) and Stacy Twelfmann (Bre Blair) are getting romantic in a car when a black-haired female appears and murders them both.	Cherry Falls	Jesse Bradford	Bre Blair
cast member	You Can Tell 'Em I Said It is a stand up DVD by comedian Eddie Griffin, released by Comedy Central.	You Can Tell 'Em I Said It	Eddie Griffin
cast member	Shot in India partly in 1967 in 35mm film and partly thirty years later in 1997 in video, Beyond Words is one of only three or four films ever shot of the silent master Meher Baba that include synchronized sound and the only film shot of him in color 35mm.	Beyond Words	Meher Baba
cast member	The Lyons in Paris (also called The Lyons Abroad and Mr. and Mrs. in Paree) is a 1955 British comedy film directed by Val Guest and starring Ben Lyon, Bebe Daniels and Reginald Beckwith.	The Lyons in Paris	Ben Lyon
cast member	The Last Boy Scout is a 1991 American action film directed by Tony Scott, starring Bruce Willis, Damon Wayans, Chelsea Field, Noble Willingham, Taylor Negron and Danielle Harris.	The Last Boy Scout	Bruce Willis	Damon Wayans	Chelsea Field	Noble Willingham	Taylor Negron	Danielle Harris
cast member	Ormayundo Ee Mukham (Do You Remember This Face) is a 2014 Malayalam romantic musical film written and directed by Anvar Sadik, featuring Vineeth Sreenivasan and Namitha Pramod in the lead roles.	Ormayundo Ee Mukham	Vineeth Sreenivasan
cast member	Priya O Priya is a 1997 Tollywood film starring Abbas, Simran and Naveen in lead roles.	Priya O Priya	Abbas	Simran
cast member	Circle of Danger is a 1951 British thriller film directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Ray Milland, Patricia Roc and Naunton Wayne.	Circle of Danger	Ray Milland	Patricia Roc	Naunton Wayne
cast member	The Shrimp on the Barbie is a 1990 comedy film directed by Michael Gottlieb (under the pseudonym Alan Smithee) and starring Cheech Marin.	The Shrimp on the Barbie	Cheech Marin
cast member	Somewhere I'll Find You is a film starring Clark Gable and Lana Turner, directed by Wesley Ruggles, and released by Metro-Goldwyn Mayer in 1942.	Somewhere I'll Find You	Clark Gable	Lana Turner
cast member	Santa Quest is a 2014 documentary film that follows Canadian actor John Dunsworth as he rekindles his faith in Santa Claus and represents Canada at the Santa Winter Games in Sweden in an attempt to become the world's best Santa Claus.	Santa Quest	John Dunsworth
cast member	Murder at Monte Carlo is an English 1934 mystery crime thriller film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Errol Flynn, Eve Gray, Paul Graetz and Molly Lamont, the production was Flynn's debut film in a lead role in England.	Murder at Monte Carlo	Errol Flynn	Eve Gray	Paul Graetz	Molly Lamont
cast member	Judgement of God (French: Le Jugement de Dieu), is a French drama film from 1952, directed by Raymond Bernard, written by Jean Montazel, and starring by Andrée Debar and Louis de Funès.	Judgement of God	Andrée Debar	Louis de Funès
cast member	Nilaavinte Naattil is a 1986 Malayalam film directed by Vijay Menon starring Prem Nazir, Seema, Bharath Gopi, Lalu Alex and M. G. Soman.	Nilaavinte Naattil	Prem Nazir
cast member	They Call It Murder is a 1971 American television film directed by Walter Grauman, starring Jim Hutton.	They Call It Murder	Jim Hutton
cast member	The Creature Wasn't Nice (also known as Naked Space and Spaceship) is a 1981 U.S. motion picture written and directed by Bruce Kimmel.	The Creature Wasn't Nice	Bruce Kimmel
cast member	Man to Men (French:D'homme à hommes is a 1948 French-Swiss historical drama film directed by Christian-Jaque and starring Jean-Louis Barrault, Bernard Blier and Hélène Perdrière.	Man to Men	Jean-Louis Barrault	Bernard Blier	Hélène Perdrière
cast member	Rio Belongs to Us (Portuguese: O Rio nos Pertence!) is a 2013 Brazilian drama-thriller film written and directed by Ricardo Pretti, starring Leandra Leal, Mariana Ximenes and Jiddu Pinheiro.	Rio Belongs to Us	Leandra Leal
cast member	Fast Companions is a 1932 American pre-Code sports drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and starring Tom Brown, Maureen O'Sullivan and James Gleason.	Fast Companions	Tom Brown
cast member	We Joined the Navy is a 1962 British comedy film produced by Daniel M. Angel and directed by Wendy Toye which stars Kenneth More, Lloyd Nolan, Joan O'Brien, Derek Fowlds, Graham Crowden, Esma Cannon and John Le Mesurier.	We Joined the Navy	Kenneth More
cast member	Manushulu Marali (Telugu: మనుషులు మారాలి) is a 1969 Telugu drama film directed by V. Madhusudhan Rao and starring Shoban Babu and Sharada.	Manushulu Marali	Sharada
cast member	Unlikely Angel is a 1996 American Christmas TV movie starring Dolly Parton which premiered on CBS in 1996.	Unlikely Angel	Dolly Parton
cast member	The Strange Countess (German: Die seltsame Gräfin) is a 1961 West German crime film directed by Josef von Báky and starring Joachim Fuchsberger based on Edgar Wallace's 1925 book of the same title.	The Strange Countess	Joachim Fuchsberger
cast member	Nanda Loves Nanditha (Kannada: ನಂದ ಲವ್ಸ್ ನಂದಿತ) is a 2008 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. N. Vijayakumar starring Yogesh and Nandita in the lead roles.	Nanda Loves Nanditha	Yogesh
cast member	The Todd Killings is a 1971 psychological thriller, directed by Barry Shear and starring Robert F. Lyons, Richard Thomas, Belinda Montgomery, and Barbara Bel Geddes.	The Todd Killings	Robert F. Lyons
cast member	Rajesh Khanna plays the title role of Chhailla Babu.	Chhailla Babu	Rajesh Khanna
cast member	Band Baaja Baaraat (English: Bands Horns and Revelry; released internationally as Wedding Planners) is a 2010 Bollywood romance comedy directed by debutant Maneesh Sharma and stars Anushka Sharma with newcomer Ranveer Singh in the lead roles.	Band Baaja Baaraat	Anushka Sharma	Ranveer Singh
cast member	Thoda Pyaar Thoda Magic (English: A Little Love, A Little Magic) is a 2008 Hindi film with Saif Ali Khan and Rani Mukerji in lead roles, and Rishi Kapoor and Ameesha Patel in special appearances.	Thoda Pyaar Thoda Magic	Saif Ali Khan	Rishi Kapoor	Ameesha Patel
cast member	A Dandy in Aspic is a 1968 Technicolor and Panavision British spy film, directed by Anthony Mann, based on the novel of the same name by Derek Marlowe and starring Laurence Harvey, Tom Courtenay and Mia Farrow.	A Dandy in Aspic	Laurence Harvey	Tom Courtenay	Mia Farrow
cast member	Murder in the Music Hall is a 1946 American musical mystery film starring Vera Ralston, William Marshall, Helen Walker, and Nancy Kelly (Kelly's last theatrical film for ten years).	Murder in the Music Hall	Vera Ralston	William Marshall	Helen Walker	Nancy Kelly
cast member	Frankie & Alice is a 2010 Canadian drama film directed by Geoffrey Sax starring Halle Berry.	Frankie & Alice	Halle Berry
cast member	Street Justice is an American action crime drama series starring Carl Weathers and Bryan Genesse.	Street Justice	Carl Weathers
cast member	Hunt the Man Down is a 1951 American film noir directed by George Archainbaud starring Gig Young.	Hunt the Man Down	Gig Young
cast member	Trapped in a Forest Fire is a 1913 American silent short film directed by Gilbert P. Hamilton starring Charlotte Burton, Sydney Ayres, Jacques Jaccard, Violt Neitz, Louise Lester, Jack Richardson, Vivian Rich, and Harry von Meter.	Trapped in a Forest Fire	Charlotte Burton	Sydney Ayres	Jacques Jaccard	Louise Lester	Jack Richardson	Vivian Rich	Harry von Meter
cast member	Oru Thaai Makkal (Tamil: ஒரு தாய் மக்கள் English: Sons of a Mother), is a 1971 Indian Tamil romantic comedy-drama directed by Pa.Neelakandhan, starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role, with M. N. Nambiar, J. Jayalalitha, R. Muthuraman, among others enacting supporting roles.	Oru Thaai Makkal	M. G. Ramachandran	M. N. Nambiar
child	Aesyetes was also given as the father of Antenor by Cleomestra.	Aesyetes	Antenor
child	William Blachford (born 1730; died 1773) was the father of poet Mary Tighe; from 1766 to 1773 he was librarian of Marsh's Library, Dublin.	William Blachford	Mary Tighe
child	Dr. Gregorio Montenemayor-Fernández (May 25, 1904 -- March 11, 1973) also known as Gregorio Fernandez was a film actor and director, and father of Rudy Fernandez.	Gregorio Fernandez	Rudy Fernandez
child	As a result, the Lombard garrison in Ticinum proclaimed Duke Cleph the new king, and Helmichis, rather than going to war against overwhelming odds, escaped to Ravenna with Longinus' assistance, taking with him his wife, his troops, the royal treasure and Alboin's daughter Albsuinda.	Alboin	Albsuinda
child	Irene of Trebizond (died after 1382) was the bigamous wife of Basil of Trebizond, by whom he had two sons, Alexios and John (later Alexios III of Trebizond), and possibly two daughters, Maria and Theodora.	Irene of Trebizond	Alexios III of Trebizond
conflict	Heinrich Wilhelm Herbert Wohlfarth (5 June 1915 -- 13 August 1982) was a successful World War II U-boat commander.	Herbert Wohlfarth	World War II
conflict	Leutnant Gustav Frädrich (born 29 November 1892, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories.	Gustav Frädrich	World War I
conflict	Heinrich Bongartz Pour le Merite, Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, (31 January 1892 -- 23 January 1946) was a German World War I fighter pilot and flying ace credited with 33 confirmed victories and one unconfirmed.	Heinrich Bongartz	World War I
conflict	Throughout the Vietnam War, Lê Duẩn took an aggressive posture.	Lê Duẩn	Vietnam War
conflict	Winston Churchill was fond of the Mauser C96 and used one at the 1898 Battle of Omdurman and during the Second Boer War;	Mauser C96	Second Boer War
constellation	The Giant Void (also known as the Giant Void in NGH, Canes Venatici Supervoid, and AR-Lp 36) is an extremely large region of space of underdensity of galaxies within the constellation Canes Venatici.	Giant Void	Canes Venatici
constellation	Lambda Leporis (λ Lep) is a star in the constellation Lepus.	Lambda Leporis	Lepus
constellation	HD 90853, also called s Carinae (s Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 90853	Carina
constellation	HD 82943 (164 G. Hydrae) is a yellow dwarf star approximately 89 light-years away in the constellation of Hydra.	HD 82943	Hydra
constellation	14 Arietis (abbreviated 14 Ari) is a star in the constellation of Aries.	14 Arietis	Aries
continent	Lowery Glacier (82°35′S 163°15′E) is a glacier about 60 nautical miles (110 km) long, which flows north from Prince Andrew Plateau, Antarctica, along the east side of the Queen Elizabeth Range to enter Nimrod Glacier.	Lowery Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Holdsworth Glacier (86°30′S 154°0′W) is a tributary glacier about 8 nautical miles (15 km) long, flowing northeast from Fuller Dome to enter the southeast side of Bartlett Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Holdsworth Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Walsham Rocks is a group of rocks lying 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) east of Buff island, at the southwest end of the Palmer Archipelago, off the coast of Antarctica.	Walsham Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Guerrero Glacier (78°32′S 84°15′W) is a glacier about 7 nautical miles (13 km) long in Doyran Heights, draining from the southeast slopes of Mount Havener southwest of Beloslav Peak to the south side of Taylor Spur, in the southeast part of the Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica.	Guerrero Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Dimcha Peak (Bulgarian: връх Димча, ``Vrah Dimcha'' \'vr&h 'dim-cha\) is the rocky, partly ice-free peak rising to 650 m in southeastern Poibrene Heights on Blagoevgrad Peninsula, Oscar II Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Dimcha Peak	Antarctica
continent	Heed Rock (64°59′S 63°47′W) is a very small rock, awash at high water and virtually hidden from sight, lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Brown Island in the Wauwermans Islands in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Heed Rock	Antarctica
continent	Emeline Island is a conspicuous rocky island rising to over 100 m (328 ft) in the Aitcho group on the west side of English Strait in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Emeline Island	Antarctica
continent	Inclusion Hill (77°15′S 166°26′E) is a prominent steeply conical hill, 335 metres (1,100 ft) high, between McDonald Beach and the Mount Bird icecap on Ross Island, Antarctica.	Inclusion Hill	Antarctica
continent	Grazzini Bay is an ice-filled coastal embayment, 2 nautical miles (4 km), between Gentile Point and Fisher Point on the east side of the Darley Hills, in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Grazzini Bay	Antarctica
continent	The Grove Mountains are a large, scattered group of mountains and nunataks extending over an area of approximately 40 by 20 miles (60 by 30 km), located 100 miles (160 km) east of the Mawson Escarpment in American Highland, Antarctica.	Grove Mountains	Antarctica
continent	Kosco Glacier (84°27′S 178°0′W) is a glacier about 20 nautical miles (40 km) long, flowing from the Anderson Heights vicinity of the Bush Mountains of Antarctica northward to enter the Ross Ice Shelf between Wilson Portal and Mount Speed.	Kosco Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Schloredt Nunatak (75°3′S 134°15′W) is a nunatak 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) south of Bleclic Peaks, at the south extremity of the Perry Range in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Schloredt Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Keller Peninsula is a high peninsula separating Mackellar Inlet and Martel Inlet in Admiralty Bay, on King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Keller Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Bond Point is a small ice-free headland on the south coast of western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the northeast side of the entrance to Kavarna Cove.	Bond Point	Antarctica
continent	Cape Worsley (64°39′S 60°24′W) is a dome-shaped cape 225 m high with snow-free cliffs on the south and east sides, lying 10 nautical miles (18 km) east of the south end of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Cape Worsley	Antarctica
continent	The Meteorite Hills (79°40′S 155°36′E) are a group of hills, 11 nautical miles (20 km) long, forming the western portion of the Darwin Mountains in Antarctica.	Meteorite Hills	Antarctica
continent	Chavei Cove (Bulgarian: залив Чавеи, ``Zaliv Chavei'' \'za-liv cha-'ve-i\) is the 2.2 km wide cove indenting for 900 m the southeast coast of Rozhen Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica entered east of Gela Point.	Chavei Cove	Antarctica
continent	Hessler Peak (79°37′S 84°2′W) is a sharp peak, 1,670 metres (5,480 ft) high, at the south end of Dunbar Ridge in the Heritage Range in Antarctica.	Hessler Peak	Antarctica
continent	LaForrest Rock (85°6′S 164°32′W) is a rock outcrop 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) west of the mouth of Strom Glacier, along the low, ice-covered north slopes of the Duncan Mountains, Antarctica.	LaForrest Rock	Antarctica
continent	Puccini Spur (70°3′S 70°38′W) is a rock spur, 6 nautical miles (11 km) long, extending southwest into the Mozart Ice Piedmont close south of Mahler Spur in the north part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Puccini Spur	Antarctica
continent	Kuber Peak (Vrah Kuber \'vr&h 'ku-ber\) is a 770 m peak in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Kuber Peak	Antarctica
continent	Holst Point (65°32′S 63°50′W) is a point at the head of Beascochea Bay which divides it into two arms, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Holst Point	Antarctica
continent	Viking Heights is a prominent flat-topped mountain, 2,960 m, between Tanngarden Peaks and Mount Wideroe in the Sor Rondane Mountains, Antarctica.	Viking Heights	Antarctica
continent	Eremiya Hill (Bulgarian: Еремийски хълм, ``Eremiyski Halm'' \e-re-'miy-ski 'h&lm\) is an ice-covered hill rising to 863m in the west part of Marescot Ridge on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Eremiya Hill	Antarctica
continent	McDonald Bay is an open bay in the Davis Sea, 10 nautical miles (19 km) wide at its entrance between Adams Island and the Haswell Islands, lying immediately west of Mabus Point on the coast of Antarctica.	McDonald Bay	Antarctica
continent	Ferrier Peninsula is a narrow peninsula, 2.4 km (1.5 mi) long, forming the eastern end of Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands of Antarctica.	Ferrier Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Cape Hattersley-Smith (71°51′S 61°4′W) is a cape marked by a triangular rock peak at the southeast end of Condor Peninsula, 5 nautical miles (9 km) southwest of Cape Knowles, on the Black Coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Cape Hattersley-Smith	Antarctica
continent	Rodman Cove is a cove south of Cape Lindsey on the west coast of Elephant Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Rodman Cove	Antarctica
continent	The Marion Nunataks are a small group of nunataks rising to about 600 m (2,000 ft) on Charcot Island, in the eastern Bellinghausen Sea of Antarctica.	Marion Nunataks	Antarctica
continent	Moran Buttress (85°31′S 125°38′W) is a steep bluff 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of Koopman Peak, rising over 2,600 metres (8,500 ft) and forming a major projection between Davisville Glacier and Quonset Glacier along the north wall of the Wisconsin Range in Antarctica.	Moran Buttress	Antarctica
continent	George V Land is a segment of Antarctica part of the land claimed as part of the Australian Antarctic Territory, inland from the George V Coast.	George V Land	Antarctica
continent	Mrahori Saddle (Bulgarian: седловина Мрахори, ``Sedlovina Mrahori'' \se-dlo-vi-'na mra-'ho-ri\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 1350 m on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica linking Kyustendil Ridge to the north to Lovech Heights to the south.	Mrahori Saddle	Antarctica
continent	Kvithamaren Cliff (71°59′S 5°2′E) is a cliff just east of Slokstallen Mountain in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Kvithamaren Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Hedley Glacier (77°48′S 162°7′E) is a small glacier in the Kukri Hills of Victoria Land, Antarctica, flowing south from Mount Coates into Ferrar Glacier.	Hedley Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Inverleith Harbour is a small bay between Andrews Point and Briggs Peninsula along the northeast coast of Anvers Island, in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Inverleith Harbour	Antarctica
continent	The Madder Cliffs are reddish rock cliffs which form the north side of the entrance to Suspiros Bay, at the west end of Joinville Island, Antarctica.	Madder Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Katedralen Canyon (71°52′S 6°33′E) is an ice-filled canyon with steep rock cliffs indenting the northwest side of Jøkulkyrkja Mountain, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Katedralen Canyon	Antarctica
continent	Knack Point (85°15′S 118°50′W) is a point at the termination of a flat-topped spur which marks the north end of the Long Hills in the Horlick Mountains of Antarctica.	Knack Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Solus (68°50′S 65°33′W) is a conspicuous, isolated mountain (1,290 m) in the center and near the mouth of Weyerhaeuser Glacier, in southern Graham Land, the northernmost part of the mainland of Antarctica.	Mount Solus	Antarctica
continent	The latter wrote about the view from Slogen as ``one of the proudest in Europe''.	Slogen	Europe
continent	Beloslav Peak (Bulgarian: връх Белослав, ``Vrah Beloslav'' \'vr&h be-lo-'slav\) is the peak rising to 2100 m in Doyran Heights, southeast Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains, Antarctica, and surmounting Guerrero Glacier to the southwest and Sikera Valley to the east.	Beloslav Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mansergh Snowfield (82°1′S 159°50′E) is a snowfield in Antarctica feeding the central portion of Starshot Glacier, separating the Surveyors Range and Holyoake Range.	Mansergh Snowfield	Antarctica
continent	The Kershaw Ice Rumples (78°45′S 75°40′W) are a large area of disturbed ice between Fletcher Ice Rise and Korff Ice Rise, in the southwestern part of the Ronne Ice Shelf, Antarctica.	Kershaw Ice Rumples	Antarctica
continent	The Flatvaer Islands (Norwegian: Flatvær), also known as the Ongul Islands are a group of small islands, of which Ongul Island is the largest, lying at the east side of the entrance of Lützow-Holm Bay, 4 km from the coastline of Antarctica.	Flatvaer Islands	Antarctica
continent	Isluga is part of the Andean Volcanic Belt, the volcanic zone on the western side of South America where the Nazca plate is subducted beneath the South American plate.	Isluga	South America
continent	Mount Lopatin (72°51′S 168°4′E) is a mountain, 2,670 metres (8,760 ft) high, situated 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-southeast of Mount Riddolls in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Lopatin	Antarctica
continent	Crystal Sound (66°23′S 66°30′W) is a sound in Antarctica between the southern part of the Biscoe Islands and the coast of Graham Land, with northern limit Cape Evensen to Cape Leblond and southern limit Holdfast Point, Roux Island, Liard Island and the Sillard Islands.	Crystal Sound	Antarctica
continent	Helms Bluff (78°29′S 164°25′E) is a prominent north-facing bluff 10 nautical miles (19 km) east of Mount Morning in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Helms Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Hallett Ridge (71°15′S 176°50′E) is an undersea ridge in the Ross Sea, off the coast of Antarctica.	Hallett Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Fridovich (85°27′S 148°12′W) is a small mountain in Antarctica, 440 metres (1,440 ft) high, standing at the north side of the terminus of Leverett Glacier and marking the western limit of the Harold Byrd Mountains.	Mount Fridovich	Antarctica
continent	Mount F. L. Smith (83°38′S 169°29′E) is a mountain, 2,635 metres (8,650 ft) high, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) northeast of Mount Fox in the Queen Alexandra Range of Antarctica.	Mount F. L. Smith	Antarctica
continent	Gela Point (Nos Gela \'nos ge-'la\) is a point on the southeast coast of Rozhen Peninsula on Livingston Island, Antarctica formed by an offshoot of Yambol Peak.	Gela Point	Antarctica
continent	Dreyfus Point is a rounded low point on the west coast of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula, western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Dreyfus Point	Antarctica
continent	The Fowler Islands (66°25′S 66°26′W) are a group of small islands lying between the Bernal Islands and the Bragg Islands in Crystal Sound, off the coast of Antarctica.	Fowler Islands	Antarctica
continent	Batuliya Point (Bulgarian: нос Батулия, ``Nos Batuliya'' \'nos ba-'tu-li-ya\) is an ice-free tipped point forming the east extremity of Robert Island and the south side of the entrance to Tsepina Cove in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Batuliya Point	Antarctica
continent	Lemanis Valley (80°1′S 155°50′E) is a partly ice-free valley intruded at the entrance by a lobe of ice from Hatherton Glacier, lying between Ituna Valley and Lindum Valley and 7 nautical miles (13 km) west-northwest of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range, Antarctica.	Lemanis Valley	Antarctica
continent	Siddins Point (62°32′41.8``S 60°26′05''W) is a point projecting into the middle of the head of Hero Bay on the north coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Siddins Point	Antarctica
continent	Halfway Nunatak (78°23′S 161°6′E) is an isolated nunatak in the Antarctica, on the west side of The Landing, and almost in the center of the upper Skelton Glacier.	Halfway Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Giza Peak (71°20′S 68°16′W) is a peak rising to about 600 metres (2,000 ft) on the east side of the Fossil Bluff massif, eastern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Giza Peak	Antarctica
continent	Horizon Bluff (77°54′S 160°27′E) is a steep bluff at the head of Beacon Valley, rising to 2,275 metres (7,460 ft) to the west of Friedmann Valley in the Quartermain Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Horizon Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Rapa Nui Point is a rocky point projecting 180 m westwards into Shirreff Cove from the west coast of the small (2.6 km by 1.6 km) ice-free promontory forming the north extremity of Ioannes Paulus II Peninsula, western Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and ending up in Cape Shirreff.	Rapa Nui Point	Antarctica
continent	Cape Wood (71°24′S 169°18′E) is a point marking the east extremity of Flat Island at the western entrance to Robertson Bay, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Cape Wood	Antarctica
continent	Haskill Nunatak (83°24′S 51°45′W) is an elongate nunatak, 1,710 metres (5,610 ft) high, standing 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) west of Dyrdal Peak in the southern Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Haskill Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Moss Islands are a group of small islands and rocks lying east of Midas Island and north of Apéndice Island in Hughes Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Moss Islands	Antarctica
continent	Golubaya Bay (69°58′S 9°50′E) is a bay in the southeast extremity of Kamenev Bight, along the ice shelf fringing the coast of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Golubaya Bay	Antarctica
continent	Festive Plateau (79°24′S 157°30′E) is an ice-covered plateau over 2,200 metres (7,200 ft) high, about 10 nautical miles (20 km) long and 3 nautical miles (6 km) wide, just north of Mount Longhurst in the Churchill Mountains of Antarctica.	Festive Plateau	Antarctica
continent	Johnstone Ridge (80°8′S 156°40′E) is a mainly ice-free ridge in the Britannia Range, Antarctica, extending for 7 nautical miles (13 km) northward from Mount Olympus toward the south side of Hatherton Glacier.	Johnstone Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Moore Pyramid (70°18′S 65°8′E) is a snow-covered mountain, resembling a pyramid, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Mount Wishart on the north side of Scylla Glacier in the Prince Charles Mountains of Antarctica.	Moore Pyramid	Antarctica
continent	Ufs Island (67°28′S 61°8′E) is a rocky island 3.2 km (2 mi) wide, lying in the east part of Howard Bay, Antarctica, just north of the Lachal Bluffs, and about 4 km (2.5 mi) west of Allison Bay.	Ufs Island	Antarctica
continent	MacKinnon Glacier (71°32′S 163°13′E) is a glacier flowing northward along the west side of Reilly Ridge into Sledgers Glacier in the Lanterman Range of the Bowers Mountains, Antarctica.	MacKinnon Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ongley Island is a rugged rocky island lying off the north coast of Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Ongley Island	Antarctica
continent	Mount Woollard (80°33′S 96°43′W) is a mountain (2,675 m) nearly 240 km (150 mi) west of the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains, in Antarctica.	Mount Woollard	Antarctica
continent	Midas Island is an island lying north-west of Apéndice Island in Hughes Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Midas Island	Antarctica
continent	Zavala Island (Bulgarian: остров Завала, ``Ostrov Zavala'' 'os-trov 'za-va-la) is an ice-free island in the Dunbar group off the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Zavala Island	Antarctica
continent	Gobamme Rock (68°22′S 41°56′E) is an exposed rock standing on the coast between Kozo Rock and Byōbu Rock in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Gobamme Rock	Antarctica
continent	Grimes Ridge (74°38′S 110°30′W) is a high, mostly ice-covered ridge at the north side of Holt Glacier on Bear Peninsula, Walgreen Coast, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Grimes Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Mount Frazier (77°52′S 154°58′W) is the northernmost peak of the Rockefeller Mountains, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) north of Mount Jackling on Edward VII Peninsula in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Frazier	Antarctica
continent	Scuttle Valley (76°38′S 161°9′E) is a small deglaciated valley with meltwater lakes that lies parallel to and just south of Towle Glacier in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Scuttle Valley	Antarctica
continent	Avalanche Rocks (66°31′S 98°2′E) is a vertical rock outcrop rising to 185 metres (600 ft), midway between Delay Point and Jones Rocks on the west side of Melba Peninsula, Antarctica.	Avalanche Rocks	Antarctica
continent	Gargoyle Bastion is a rocky headland rising to 60 m on the northwest coast of Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the south side of the entrance to Hydra Cove and the northeast side of the entrance to Griffin Cove.	Gargoyle Bastion	Antarctica
continent	Cotopaxi is an active stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains, located in the Latacunga canton of Cotopaxi Province, about 50 km (31 mi) south of Quito, and 33 km (21 mi) northeast of the city of Latacunga, Ecuador, in South America.	Cotopaxi	South America
continent	Varna Peninsula (Poluostrov Varna \po-lu-'os-trov 'var-na\) is a roughly rectangular predominantly ice-covered peninsula forming the northeast extremity of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Varna Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Azerbaijan (i/ˌæzərbaɪˈdʒɑːn/ AZ-ər-by-JAHN; Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan (ɑzærbɑjdʒɑn)), officially the Republic of Azerbaijan (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Respublikası), is a transcontinental country in the Caucasus region, situated at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Western Asia.	Azerbaijan	Europe	Asia
continent	Barlow Island is a small ice-free island off the north coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica extending 380 by 160 m (420 by 170 yd), surface area 5.28 hectares (13 acres).	Barlow Island	Antarctica
continent	Due to its geographical position in the north of South America, the Magdalena River was since precolumbian times a route towards the interior of today Colombia and Ecuador.	Magdalena River	South America
continent	Cape Gerlache (66°30′S 99°2′E) is a cape which forms the northeast tip of Davis Peninsula, Antarctica, 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of David Island.	Cape Gerlache	Antarctica
continent	Preslav Crag (Vrah Preslav \'vr&h pre-'slav\) is a sharp peak rising to approx. 600 m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Preslav Crag	Antarctica
continent	Koski Glacier (85°17′S 167°15′E) is an east-flowing glacier, 7 nautical miles (13 km) long, draining the east-central portion of the Dominion Range icecap, Antarctica.	Koski Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Paraguay River (Río Paraguay in Spanish, Rio Paraguai in Portuguese, Ysyry Paraguái in Guarani) is a major river in south-central South America, running through Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina.	Paraguay River	South America
continent	Lake Miers (78°6′S 163°51′E) is a small lake in Miers Valley, Antarctica, lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) east of the snouts of Miers Glacier and Adams Glacier, and filled by meltwater from these glaciers.	Lake Miers	Antarctica
continent	Klevekåpa Mountain (72°2′S 7°37′E) is an icecapped mountain, 2,910 metres (9,550 ft) high, with an abrupt southeast rock face, standing close northwest of the mouth of Snuggerud Glacier in the Filchner Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Klevekåpa Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Edith Ronne Land is the portion of Antarctica bounded by Palmer Land and Ellsworth Land to the west, Queen Elizabeth Land to the south, and Coats Land to the east.	Edith Ronne Land	Antarctica
continent	Andrews Peak (72°17′S 165°25′E) is an Antarctic peak, 2,400 metres (7,900 ft) high, in the Destination Nunataks, 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Pyramid Peak in northern Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Andrews Peak	Antarctica
continent	Fleece Glacier (65°54′S 63°10′W) is a tributary glacier that enters Leppard Glacier on its north side about 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) east of Moider Peak, on the east side of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Fleece Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Albrecht Penck Glacier (76°40′S 162°20′E) is a glacier between the Fry Glacier and the Evans Piedmont Glacier, draining northeast toward Tripp Bay on the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Albrecht Penck Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Bradley Ridge (70°14′S 65°15′E) is a rock ridge in Antarctica, about 7 nautical miles (13 km) southeast of Mount Peter in the Athos Range, Prince Charles Mountains.	Bradley Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Kinsey Ridge is a flat-topped, partly ice-covered ridge in the middle of Strauss Glacier, near the coast of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Kinsey Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Lieske Glacier (80°5′S 156°50′E) is a tributary glacier draining the north slopes of Mount Olympus in the Britannia Range, Antarctica, and flowing north between Johnstone Ridge and Dusky Ridge into Hatherton Glacier.	Lieske Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Steere is a prominent shield volcano standing 6.4 km (4 mi) NNW of Mount Frakes in the Crary Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Mount Steere	Antarctica
continent	Paradise Harbor, also known as Paradise Bay, is a wide embayment behind Lemaire and Bryde Islands in Antarctica, indenting the west coast of Graham Land between Duthiers and Leniz Points.	Paradise Harbor	Antarctica
continent	Maury Bay (66°33′S 124°42′E) is an ice-filled bay indenting the coast of Antarctica just east of Cape Lewis.	Maury Bay	Antarctica
continent	An Antarctic oasis is a large area naturally free of snow and ice in the otherwise ice-covered continent of Antarctica.	Antarctic oasis	Antarctica
continent	Lasher Spur (69°6′S 66°39′W) is a prominent mountain spur trending northwest from the Kelvin Crests, 4 nautical miles (7 km) east-northeast of the Triune Peaks, Fallières Coast, Antarctica.	Lasher Spur	Antarctica
continent	Mozart Ice Piedmont (70°0′S 71°0′W) is an ice piedmont, 60 nautical miles (110 km) long-running in a NW-SE direction and 15 nautical miles (28 km) wide in its widest part, on the west coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mozart Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	The Lichen Hills (73°18′S 162°0′E) are an escarpment-like range of hills located 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of the Caudal Hills on the west margin of upper Rennick Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Lichen Hills	Antarctica
continent	Cape Lewis (66°30′S 124°30′E) is an ice-covered cape at the west side of Maury Bay, on the coast of Antarctica.	Cape Lewis	Antarctica
continent	Gray Glacier (82°23′S 159°35′E) is a glacier in the Cobham Range, Antarctica.	Gray Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Shostakovich Peninsula is an ice-covered peninsula lying north of Stravinsky Inlet and extending into Bach Ice Shelf in southern Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Shostakovich Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Mount Mahony (77°12′S 161°36′E) is a massive mountain, 1,870 metres (6,140 ft) high, standing just east of the head of Victoria Upper Glacier, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Mahony	Antarctica
continent	Fitzgerald Glacier (73°33′S 166°15′E) is a prominent valley glacier draining to Lady Newnes Bay from the ice cascades on the south and west slopes of Mount Murchison, in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Fitzgerald Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Republic of the Congo (French: République du Congo), also known as Congo, Congo Republic, West Congo, or Congo-Brazzaville, is a country located in Central Africa.	Republic of the Congo	Africa
continent	Hkakabo Razi (Burmese: ခါကာဘိုရာဇီ, pronounced: (kʰàkàbò ɹàzì); simplified Chinese: 开加博峰; traditional Chinese: 開加博峰; pinyin: Kāijiābó Fēng) is Burma's highest mountain, and with its height of 5,881 m (19,295 ft) the highest mountain in South East Asia.	Hkakabo Razi	Asia
continent	Geikie Inlet (75°30′S 163°0′E) is an inlet along the coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica, formed between the cliffs of the Drygalski Ice Tongue on the north and Lamplugh Island and the seaward extension of Clarke Glacier on the south.	Geikie Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Guenter Bluff (70°40′S 159°44′E) is a prominent rock bluff on the west side of Pomerantz Tableland, in the Usarp Mountains of Antarctica.	Guenter Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Matchless Mountain (76°38′S 161°35′E) is a mountain which rises to 1,140 metres (3,740 ft) on the south margin of Fry Glacier, at the juncture of Atka Glacier, in the Convoy Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Matchless Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Galata Cove (Bulgarian: залив Галата, ``Zaliv Galata'' \'za-liv 'ga-la-ta\) is the 1.93 km wide cove indenting for 2.18 km the northeast coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Galata Cove	Antarctica
continent	The Holmes Hills (72°8′S 63°25′W) are a group of ridges and nunataks rising to about 1,700 metres (5,600 ft) between Runcorn Glacier and Beaumont Glacier, bounded to the southwest by the Brennecke Nunataks, in south-central Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Holmes Hills	Antarctica
continent	Isachsen Mountain is a large mountain rising to 2,750 metres (9,020 ft), standing 4 nautical miles (7 km; 5 mi) southeast of Mount Bergersen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Isachsen Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Montrol Rock (62°58′S 56°21′W) is the largest of a group of rocks lying east of Cape Juncal, D'Urville Island, in the Joinville Island group of Antarctica.	Montrol Rock	Antarctica
continent	Palombia (officially, Estados Unidos de Palombia) is a small country in South America.	Palombia	South America
continent	Chochoveni Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Чочовени, ``Nunatak Chochoveni'' \'nu-na-tak cho-cho-'ve-ni\) is the rocky hill rising to 650 m in the southwest part of Cugnot Ice Piedmont on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Chochoveni Nunatak	Antarctica
country	Komsomolets Island is home to the largest ice cap in Russia, the Academy of Sciences Ice Cap.	Komsomolets Island	Russia
country	Prague (/ˈprɑːɡ/; Czech: Praha, (ˈpraɦa), German: Prag) is the capital and largest city of the Czech Republic.	Prague	Czech Republic
country	Wrzelowiec (vʐɛˈlɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wrzelowiec	Poland
country	The Jarčina (Serbian Cyrillic: Јарчина) is a system of rivers and canals in the Srem region of Vojvodina province of Serbia with a total length of 53 km, which empties into the Sava river.	Jarčina	Serbia
country	Pedda Gollapalem is village in Nidamarru hamlet, Kruthivennu mandal, located in Krishna district on the sea coast of Bay of Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Gollapalem	India
country	Bolu Province (Turkish: Bolu ili) is a province in northwestern Turkey.	Bolu Province	Turkey
country	Rętwiny (rɛntˈfinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radomin, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rętwiny	Poland
country	Platanoussa (Greek: Πλατανούσσα, before 1927: Ραψίστα - Rapsista) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Katsanochoria, Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Platanoussa	Greece
country	Gorenje Radulje (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈɾaːduljɛ); in older sources also Gorenje Radovlje, German: Oberradelstein) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenje Radulje	Slovenia
country	The Kuala Lumpur Butterfly Park (Malay: Taman Rama Rama Kuala Lumpur) is a large public butterfly zoo in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Kuala Lumpur Butterfly Park	Malaysia
country	Buloba is an urban area in Wakiso District in the Central Region of Uganda.	Buloba	Uganda
country	Mount Ithome (Greek: Ἰθώμη) or Ithomi, previously Vourkano or Vurcano before being changed back to Ithome, is the northernmost of twin peaks in Messenia, Greece.	Ithome	Greece
country	Sopieszyno-Wybudowanie (sɔpjɛˈʂɨnɔ vɨbudɔˈvaɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sopieszyno-Wybudowanie	Poland
country	Diamer District (also called Diamir district ) is one of the nine districts of the Gilgit-Baltistan region of Pakistan.	Diamer District	Pakistan
country	Alvastra is a small village in Ödeshög Municipality in eastern Sweden.	Alvastra	Sweden
country	Rada Tilly is a town in Escalante Department, Chubut Province (Patagonia), Argentina.	Rada Tilly	Argentina
country	Jebel Aabeby is an archaeological site approximately 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southeast of Sidon, to the west of the road north to Qraye in Lebanon.	Jebel Aabeby	Lebanon
country	Aitat, or Aytat, is a town located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the town of Aley within the district of the same name in the Lebanese governorate of Mount Lebanon.	Aytat	Lebanon
country	Macapá is a city in Brazil and the capital of Amapá state in the country's North Region.	Macapá	Brazil
country	The Shangri-La Hotel, Tokyo is a five-star luxury hotel located over 13 floors of the Marunouchi Trust Tower Main in Marunouchi, directly above Tokyo Station in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.	Shangri-La Hotel, Tokyo	Japan
country	Club Universitario de Pando is a professional football team based in Pando Department, Bolivia that competes in the Bolivian Primera División.	Universitario de Pando	Bolivia
country	Duninowo (duniˈnɔvɔ) (German Dünnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Duninowo	Poland
country	Jhook is a Village in Mahendragarh Tehsil in Mahendragarh District of Haryana State, India.	Jhook	India
country	Riddargatan is a street in central Stockholm, the capital of Sweden.	Riddargatan	Sweden
country	Podbočje (pronounced (pɔdˈboːtʃjɛ); German: Heiligenkreuz) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River in the foothills of the Gorjanci range in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Podbočje	Slovenia
country	The Heart Research Institute (HRI) is a not-for-profit research facility, originally based in Camperdown, New South Wales, Australia and currently based in Newtown, New South Wales.	Heart Research Institute	Australia
country	Jenjarom, a village located in Selangor, Malaysia about 55 km west of Kuala Lumpur in the Kuala Langat district.	Jenjarom	Malaysia
country	Adelaide Writers' Week, held in the capital of South Australia since 1960 and considered one of the world's pre-eminent literary events, is a traditional part of the Adelaide Festival of Arts where attendees meet and discuss literature with Australian and international writers in ``Meet the Author'' sessions, readings and lectures.	Adelaide Writers' Week	Australia
country	Leithe is the northwesternmost part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany.	Leithe	Germany
country	Barjangsar is a village located in Ratangarh tehsil in Rajasthan, India.	Barjangsar	India
country	Pirəsora (also, Pirasora) is a village and the most populous municipality, eother than the capital Lerik, in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirəsora	Azerbaijan
country	Roales or Roales del Pan is a municipality located in the Tierra del Pan comarca, province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Roales	Spain
country	Wandolin (vanˈdɔlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wandolin	Poland
country	Totonacapan refers to the historical extension where the Totonac people of Mexico dominated, as well as to a region in the modern state of Veracruz.	Totonacapan	Mexico
country	Lourdes-de-Joliette Airport, (TC LID: CSE3), is a registered aerodrome located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) north of Lourdes-de-Joliette, Quebec, Canada.	Lourdes-de-Joliette Airport	Canada
country	The Haidersee is a lake in South Tyrol, Italy, which belongs to the municipality of Graun im Vinschgau.	Haidersee	Italy
country	Enamakkal Lake is a fresh water lake situated in Enamakkal of Thrissur District in Kerala State, India.	Enamakkal Lake	India
country	Bétou is a town on the right bank of the Ubangi River in the Likouala Department, Republic of the Congo.	Bétou	Republic of the Congo
country	Killone (Irish: Cill Eoin) is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland, to the southwest of Ennis.	Killone	Ireland
country	Ganj Dareh (Persian: تپه گنج دره; ``Treasure Valley'' in Persian, or ``Treasure Valley Hill'' if tepe/tappeh (hill) is appended to the name) is a Neolithic settlement in the Iranian Kurdistan portion of Iran.	Ganj Dareh	Iran
country	Cheshmeh Avash (Persian: چشمه اوش‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Āvash; also known as Cheshmeh Āveshk) is a village in Beyhaq Rural District, Sheshtomad District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Avash	Iran
country	The Musée d'Angoulême, formerly the Musée des beaux-arts d'Angoulême, is a public museum in Angoulême, France.	Musée d'Angoulême	France
country	Maļinova (historically and locally known as Maļinovka) is a medium size village in Maļinova parish, Daugavpils municipality, Latvia and a parish centre.	Maļinova	Latvia
country	Melgven (Breton: Mêlwenn) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Melgven	France
country	The Sebkha de Ndrhamcha is a large salt pan in Mauritania that is about 25 miles in diameter.	Sebkha de Ndrhamcha	Mauritania
country	Tabubil is a planned, company operated township located in the Star Mountains area of the North Fly District of Western Province, Papua New Guinea.	Tabubil	Papua New Guinea
country	Hall Prison (Swedish: Anstalten Hall) is a prison facility 5 kilometres southeast of Södertälje, Sweden.	Hall Prison	Sweden
country	Mand-e Sofla (Persian: مندسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mand-e Soflá; also known as Kontekī and Mand-e Pā’īn) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mand-e Sofla	Iran
country	Mandrayal is a town in the state of Rajasthan, India, with a population of 8590.	Mandrayal	India
country	The Sanda Secondary School (Swedish: Sandagymnasiet) is a secondary school in Huskvarna, Sweden, opened for the 1970-1971 school year.	Sanda Secondary School	Sweden
country	Kukavica (Serbian Cyrillic: Кукавица) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Vladičin Han.	Kukavica	Serbia
country	Villundy (Tamil: வில்லூன்றி) is a village administrative division in Trincomalee Town and Gravets in Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.	Villundy	Sri Lanka
country	Ürkməzli (also, Urkmagly and Urkmezli) is a village and municipality in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ürkməzli	Azerbaijan
country	Santa Maria della Colonna is a Baroque style church in central Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria della Colonna	Italy
country	Lake Kisale is a lake in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), in Bukama Territory, Haut-Lomami District.	Lake Kisale	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Kuvend of Dukagjin (Albanian: Kuvendi i Dukagjinit) is a Cultural Monument of Albania.	Kuvend of Dukagjin	Albania
country	Kerċem (Maltese: Ta' Kerċem) is a village on the island of Gozo, Malta, with a population of 1,938 people as of March 2014.	Kerċem	Malta
country	The Avon Wilderness Park is a pristine wilderness area in the southern part of the Victorian Alps, located in Australia.	Avon Wilderness Park	Australia
country	The College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering or (CEME) is the largest constituent college of the National University of Sciences and Technology, Pakistan.	College of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering	Pakistan
country	Nergi (Persian: نرگي‎, also Romanized as Nergī) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nergi	Iran
country	Baron Byng High School was located at 4251 St. Urbain Street, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Baron Byng High School	Canada
country	Niellé is a town in the far north of Ivory Coast.	Niellé	Ivory Coast
country	Sde Nahum (Hebrew: שְׂדֵה נַחוּם, lit. Nahum Field) is a kibbutz in the Beit She'an Valley in northern Israel.	Sde Nahum	Israel
country	Shawdon Hall is a privately owned 18th-century country house at Hedgeley, near Alnwick, Northumberland (grid reference NU09261432), northern England, United Kingdom.	Shawdon Hall	United Kingdom
country	Osuna is a town and municipality in the province of Seville, southern Spain, in the autonomous community of Andalusia.	Osuna	Spain
country	Fanatik is one of the most popular sports magazines in Turkey.	Fanatik	Turkey
country	Machu Qullqa (Quechua machu old, old person, qullqa, qulqa deposit, storehouse, ``old deposit'') is an archaeological zone in Peru.	Machu Qullqa	Peru
country	Bao'an Station (Chinese: 保安車站; pinyin: Bǎo'ān Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Rende District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Bao'an Station	Taiwan
country	Tykadłów (tɨˈkadwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelazków, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tykadłów	Poland
country	Sang-e Bariha Industrial Complex (Persian: مجتمع كارخانه هاي صنعتي وسنگبريها‎ -- Mojtame`-ye Kārkhāneh Hāy Şanʿatī va Sang-e Barīhā) is a village and company town in Borkhar-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Shahr and Meymeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sang-e Bariha Industrial Complex	Iran
country	Arnstadt Hauptbahnhof or Arnstadt Central Station is a railway station in the town of Arnstadt in Thuringia, Germany.	Arnstadt Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Socola Monastery or Schimbarea la Față (``Transfiguration'') was a Romanian Orthodox establishment located in the eponymous quarter of southern Iaşi, Romania.	Socola Monastery	Romania
country	Azri'el (Hebrew: עַזְרִיאֵל) is a religious moshav in central Israel.	Azri'el	Israel
country	Yekyundyu (Russian: Екюндю; Sakha: Өкүндү) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Yekyundinsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 28 kilometers (17 mi) from Vilyuysk, the administrative center of the district.	Yekyundyu	Russia
country	Bernam Street (Chinese: 柏南街) is a one-way street located in Tanjong Pagar in Singapore.	Bernam Street	Singapore
country	Inshas is a city located in Bilbeis, Sharkiya Governorate 60 kilometers east of Cairo, Egypt.	Inshas	Egypt
country	Hilchenbach is a town in the Siegen-Wittgenstein Kreis (district) of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hilchenbach	Germany
country	Tomingaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Томингај) is a village in Croatia located within the municipality of Gračac.	Tomingaj	Croatia
country	Mehtar Kalateh (Persian: مهتركلاته‎, also Romanized as Mehtar Kalāteh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Mehtar Kalateh	Iran
country	Caleruega is a small town and municipality in the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Caleruega	Spain
country	El Senbellawein (Egyptian Arabic: السنبلاوين IPA: (es senbellæˈweːn, -sem-)) is a city in the Dakahlia Governorate of Egypt.	El Senbellawein	Egypt
country	Gurtork (Persian: گورترك‎, also Romanized as Gūrtork; also known as Gūrtorj) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gurtork	Iran
country	Château-d'Œx (French pronunciation: ​(ʃɑto dɛ)) is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Château-d'Œx	Switzerland
country	Ponte Giacomo Matteotti (or briefly Ponte Matteotti), formerly Ponte del Littorio, is a bridge that links Lungotevere Arnaldo da Brescia to Piazza delle Cinque Giornate in Rome (Italy), in the Rione Prati and in the Flaminio and Della Vittoria quarters.	Ponte Giacomo Matteotti	Italy
country	Tetepare Island is the largest uninhabited island in the South Pacific, located at 8.716667°S 157.55°E. It is a part of Western Province of the Solomon Islands.	Tetepare Island	Solomon Islands
country	Borgo Val di Taro is a town and comune in Emilia, Italy, in the Province of Parma, 63 kilometres (39 miles) from the city of Parma.	Borgo Val di Taro	Italy
country	Corvera de Asturias (Asturian: Corvera or Corvera d'Asturies) is a municipality in the principality of Asturias in northern Spain.	Corvera de Asturias	Spain
country	The Rio Abiseo National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional del Río Abiseo) is located in the San Martín department of Peru.	Rio Abiseo National Park	Peru
country	Takada Castle (jap. 高田城, Takada-jō) is a Japanese castle in Jōetsu in Niigata Prefecture in Japan.	Takada Castle	Japan
country	Shahrak-e Saduqi (Persian: شهرك صدوقي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Şadūqī) is a village in Sorkh Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Saduqi	Iran
country	The Bear Monument (German: Bärendenkmal) is a monument to bears in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Bear Monument	Germany
country	Dogra Art Museum, Jammu previously known as the Dogra Art Gallery is a museum of Dogra cultural heritage housed in the Pink Hall of the Mubarak Mandi complex, Jammu, India.	Dogra Art Museum, Jammu	India
country	Tuhrina (Hungarian: Turina) is a municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Tuhrina	Slovakia
country	Stiška Vas (pronounced (ˈstiːʃka ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Stiška vas, German: Sittichsdorf) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Stiška Vas	Slovenia
country	The Hang Jebat Stadium (Malay: Stadium Hang Jebat) is a multi-purpose stadium in Krubong, Malacca, Malaysia named after Malaysian hero Hang Jebat which is the home of Melaka United.	Hang Jebat Stadium	Malaysia
country	Mäntsälä railway station (Finnish: Mäntsälän rautatieasema, Swedish: Mäntsälä järnvägsstation) is located in the town of Mäntsälä, Finland, approximately 60 kilometres (40 mi) from Helsinki Central railway station.	Mäntsälä railway station	Finland
country	The Istanbul Railway Museum (Turkish: İstanbul Demiryolu Müzesi) is a railway museum situated within the historical İstanbul Sirkeci Terminal at Sirkeci neighborhood of Fatih district in Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Railway Museum	Turkey
country	Kalisz Pomorski (ˈkalʲiʂ pɔˈmɔrskʲi) (German: Kallies) is a small town in Drawsko County in West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland with about 4,500 inhabitants.	Kalisz Pomorski	Poland
country	Carelmapu (lit. from Mapudungun ``Green Land'') is a port and town (Spanish: pueblo) at the western end of Chacao Channel, southern Chile.	Carelmapu	Chile
country	Salband (Persian: سالبند‎, also Romanized as Sālband; also known as Qeshlāq-e Dūmān) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Salband	Iran
country	Chah-e Shomareh-ye Do (Persian: چاه شماره 2 ‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Shomāreh-ye Do; also known as Golshanābād and Golshanābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kavirat Rural District, Kavirat District, Aran va Bidgol County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shomareh-ye Do	Iran
country	Mount John University Observatory (MJUO), is New Zealand's premier astronomical research observatory.	Mount John University Observatory	New Zealand
country	Stary Podoś (ˈstarɨ ˈpɔdɔɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stary Podoś	Poland
country	Peralta de Calasanz (Spanish: (peˈɾalta ðe kalaˈsanθ)) or Peralta de Calassanç (Catalan: (pəˈɾaɫtə ðə kəɫəsans), locally: (peˈɾaɫta ðe kalaˈsans)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Peralta de Calasanz	Spain
country	Sakuk (Persian: سكوك‎, also Romanized as Sakūk) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sakuk	Iran
country	Aubenas is a commune in the southern part of the Ardèche department in the Rhône Valley in southern France.	Aubenas	France
country	Tulak District is located in the southwestern part of the Ghor Province, Afghanistan.	Tulak District	Afghanistan
country	Starachowice (staraxɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) is a town in south-central Poland (historic Lesser Poland), with 51,532 inhabitants (31.03.2013).	Starachowice	Poland
country	Ban Ahong (Thai: บ้านอาฮง), is a riverside village in northeastern Thailand on the banks of the Mekong.	Ban Ahong	Thailand
country	Qurum (also written Qurm) is an upmarket suburb of Muscat in Oman.	Qurum	Oman
country	Mahki (Persian: مهكي‎, also Romanized as Mahkī) is a village in Rumeshkhan Rural District, Central District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Mahki	Iran
country	Niestkowo (ɲestˈkɔvɔ) (German: Nesekow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Niestkowo	Poland
country	The Patriotic Youth League (PYL) was a youth organisation in Australia.	Patriotic Youth League	Australia
country	The Archaeological Survey of India has declared the Wangath Temple complex at Naranag as centrally protected monuments of India.	Wangath Temple complex	India
country	The Queensland Urban Utilities (QUU), the trading name of the Central SEQ Distributor-Retailer Authority, a statutory authority of the Government of Queensland, is responsible for the delivery of retail water supply and wastewater services across five local government areas in South East Queensland, in Australia.	Queensland Urban Utilities	Australia
country	Awjila (Berber: Awilan, Awjila, Awgila; Arabic: أوجلة‎; Latin: Augila) is an oasis town in the Al Wahat District in the Cyrenaica region of northeastern Libya.	Awjila	Libya
country	Tut Aghaj (Persian: توت اغاج‎, also Romanized as Tūt Āghāj; also known as Tut-agach) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tut Aghaj	Iran
country	Wersk (vɛrsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wersk	Poland
country	Limbaži ( pronunciation , Estonian: Lemsalu, German: Lemsal, Livonian: Lämmist nīn) is a town in the Vidzeme region of northern Latvia.	Limbaži	Latvia
country	Lukashi (Ukrainian: Лукаші) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Lukashi	Ukraine
country	Azghan (Persian: اذغان‎, also Romanized as Āzghān and Āz̄ghān; also known as Ārghān, Askol, and Azgan) is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Azghan	Iran
country	Zandvlei Estuary Nature Reserve (also spelt ``Sandvlei'') is a 300-hectare (740-acre) nature reserve and recreational area located in Cape Town, South Africa.	Zandvlei Estuary Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Frankfurt Eschersheim station is a railway station located in the Eschersheim district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Frankfurt Eschersheim station	Germany
country	Kirawsk (Belarusian: Кіраўск, Russian: Кировск, Kirovsk) is an urban settlement in Mahilyow Voblast, Belarus, the administrative center of Kirawsk Raion.	Kirawsk	Belarus
country	Puntagorda is a village and a municipality in the northwestern part of the island of La Palma, Canary Islands, Spain.	Puntagorda	Spain
country	Cape Chaunar, Cape Nun, Cap Noun, Cabo de Não or Nant is a cape on the Atlantic coast of Africa, in southern Morocco, between Tarfaya and Sidi Ifni.	Cape Chaunar	Morocco
country	Lööne is a village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.	Lööne	Estonia
country	Yendi is a town and the capital of Yendi Municipal district, district in the Northern Region of north Ghana.	Yendi	Ghana
country	Mauritsstad (or Mauritius) was the capital of Dutch Brazil, and is now a part of the Brazilian city of Recife.	Mauritsstad	Dutch Brazil
country	South Kynouria (Greek: Νότια Κυνουρία - Notia Kynouria) is a municipality in the Arcadia regional unit, Peloponnese, Greece.	South Kynouria	Greece
country	Lillesand Town- and Maritime Museum (Norwegian: Lillesand by- og sjøfartsmuseum) is a museum of cultural history of Lillesand in Aust-Agder County, Norway.	Lillesand Town- and Maritime Museum	Norway
country	Prasat Kravan (Khmer: ប្រាសាទក្រវាន់) is a small 10th-century temple consisting of five reddish brick towers on a common terrace, located at Angkor, Cambodia south of the artificial lake or baray called Srah Srang.	Prasat Kravan	Cambodia
country	The Purling Brook Falls or sometimes incorrectly Purlingbrook Falls, a horsetail waterfall on the Purling Brook, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Gondwana Rainforests in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Purling Brook Falls	Australia
country	Kozłówka Landscape Park (Kozłowiecki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) situated in south-eastern Poland, in Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship.	Kozłówka Landscape Park	Poland
country	Morgenzon (Dutch for morning sun) is a small farming town situated on the banks of the Osspruit River (Ox Stream) with an important agricultural school in Mpumalanga province, South Africa.	Morgenzon	South Africa
country	IFK Askersund is a sports club in Askersund, Sweden, established 1 February 1895.	IFK Askersund	Sweden
country	Elliniko (Greek: Ελληνικό, meaning ``Greek'') is a suburb of Athens, Greece.	Elliniko	Greece
country	Ballygar (Irish: Béal Átha Ghártha) is a town in County Galway, Ireland.	Ballygar	Ireland
country	The Duino Mithraeum is a Mithraeum located near Duino, in the province of Trieste, north-eastern Italy.	Duino Mithraeum	Italy
country	Irdynivka (Ukrainian: Ірдинівка) is a rural settlement subordinated to Smila city council of Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Irdynivka	Ukraine
country	Andrychów (anˈdrɨxuf) (German: Andrichau) is the largest town in Wadowice County in southern Poland, in Little Beskids, in historical region Lesser Poland, with 22,257 inhabitants as of 2006.	Andrychów	Poland
country	The European Energy Centre and Centro Studi Galileo work with the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) the Intergovernmental International Institute of Refrigeration and Centro Studi Galileo, along with leading Universities such as Edinburgh Napier University and Heriot-Watt University in promoting the use of renewable energy technologies across the United Kingdom.	European Energy Centre	United Kingdom
country	The Tarragon Theatre is a theatre in Toronto, Canada, and one of the main centers for contemporary playwriting in the country.	Tarragon Theatre	Canada
country	Kostanjevec (pronounced (kɔˈstaːnjɛʋəts)) is a settlement in the hills west of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Kostanjevec	Slovenia
country	Pulau Busing is an island located off the southwestern coast of Singapore, north of Pulau Hantu and west of Pulau Bukom.	Pulau Busing	Singapore
country	Ácsteszér (Ács-Teszér, German: Tesier, Zierndorf) is a village in Komárom-Esztergom county, Hungary.	Ácsteszér	Hungary
country	Tiger Temple, or Wat Pha Luang Ta Bua Yanasampanno is a Theravada Buddhist temple in western Thailand.	Tiger Temple	Thailand
country	Porta d’Europa is a bascule bridge in the port of Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain.	Porta d’Europa	Spain
country	Banka Cheema (pronounced Benka Cheema), is a village and Union Council of Wazirabad tehsil, Gujranwala District, West Punjab, Pakistan.	Banka Cheema	Pakistan
country	Latvenergo is a state-owned electric utility company in Latvia.	Latvenergo	Latvia
country	Snells Beach is a small coastal town in the north of Auckland Region in the North Island of New Zealand.	Snells Beach	New Zealand
country	Stradlice (stradˈlit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stradlice	Poland
country	Qaleh Samur (Persian: قلعه سمور‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Samūr) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 4 families.	Qaleh Samur	Iran
country	The Frederick River is a river that is located in the Gascoyne and Pilbara regions of Western Australia.	Frederick River	Australia
country	Božine (Serbian: Божине) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Božine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kaliningrad State Technical University (Russian: Калининградский государственный технический университет, (КГТУ); abbreviated KSTU) is a technical university at Victory Square in Kaliningrad, Russia.	Kaliningrad State Technical University	Russia
country	Sir James Dunn Academy (SJDA) is a high school that services eastern Charlotte County in southern New Brunswick, Canada.	Sir James Dunn Academy	Canada
country	Rakownia (raˈkɔvɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Murowana Goślina, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rakownia	Poland
country	Hagafoss is a small village in Hol municipality in Buskerud, Norway.	Hagafoss	Norway
country	Muranovo is the Fyodor Tyutchev state museum located in Pushkino, Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Muranovo	Russia
country	Dudince (before 1927 Ďudince, Hungarian: Gyűgy, rarely German: Dudintze) is a spa town in southern Slovakia, with a population of 2,000.	Dudince	Slovakia
country	Tak-e Sofla (Persian: تاك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tāḵ-e Soflá) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tak-e Sofla	Iran
country	Malo Mraševo (pronounced (ˈmaːlɔ ˈmɾaːʃɛʋɔ); German: Kleinmraschewo) is a village in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Malo Mraševo	Slovenia
country	Bočac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бочац) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bočac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ilam Airport (IATA: IIL, ICAO: OICI) is a domestic airport located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the center of Ilam City, Iran.	Ilam Airport	Iran
country	Ust-Vym (Russian: Усть-Вымь; Komi: Емдін, Yemdyn) is a rural locality (a selo) in Ust-Vymsky District of the Komi Republic, Russia, located by the mouth of the Vym River, from which it takes its name.	Ust-Vym	Russia
country	Morón Air Base (IATA: OZP, ICAO: LEMO) is located at 37°10′N 5°36′W in southern Spain, approximately 35 miles (56 km) southeast of the city of Seville.	Morón Air Base	Spain
country	Hofors Municipality (Hofors kommun) is a municipality in Gävleborg County, east central Sweden.	Hofors Municipality	Sweden
country	Yamada Tenman-gū is a Shinto shrine located in Nagoya, central Japan.	Yamada Tenman-gū	Japan
country	Langheim Abbey was a well-known Cistercian monastery in Klosterlangheim, part of the town of Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany, in the Bishopric of Bamberg.	Langheim Abbey	Germany
country	Kartaly (Russian: Карталы́) is a town and the administrative center of Kartalinsky District in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located in the valley of the Kartaly-Ayat River (left tributary of the Tobol), 260 kilometers (160 mi) southwest of Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Kartaly	Russia
country	Selska Gora (pronounced (ˈseːu̯ska ˈɡɔːra)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Selska Gora	Slovenia
country	Balembouche (also called Balenbouche) is the name of an original 18th century sugar plantation, now a guesthouse and heritage site, on the island of Saint Lucia It is located on the southern side, near Bongalo and Piaye.	Balembouche	Saint Lucia
country	AlarmForce manufactures, installs and monitors home alarm systems in Canada and select states in the United States.	AlarmForce	Canada
country	Jinae Station (Hangul: 지내역; hanja: 池內驛) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Jinae-dong, Gimhae, South Korea.	Jinae Station	South Korea
country	Gabrje pod Limbarsko Goro (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾjɛ pɔt ˈliːmbaɾskɔ ˈɡɔːɾɔ)) is a settlement northeast of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Gabrje pod Limbarsko Goro	Slovenia
country	The Hushe Valley (Urdu: وادی ہوشے‎)is a valley in Ghanche district Gilgit Baltistan Pakistan.	Hushe Valley	Pakistan
country	The Aguarico River (Spanish: Río Aguarico, meaning ``rich water'') is a river in northeastern Ecuador.	Aguarico River	Ecuador
country	Palais des Sports de Dijon (also known as Palais des Sport Jean-Michel Geoffroy) is an indoor sporting arena located in Dijon, France.	Palais des Sports de Dijon	France
country	Allah Chal (Persian: الله چال‎, also Romanized as Āllah Chāl; also known as Aleh Chāl) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Allah Chal	Iran
country	Springwater School was built in 1922 and is located in Starland County, 10 miles north of the Michichi turn off on Highway 9 in Alberta, Canada.	Springwater School	Canada
country	Junazi (Persian: جونزئ‎, also Romanized as Jūnazi; also known as Jūnzhī) is a village in Karvandar Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Junazi	Iran
country	Kal Shab Ravan (Persian: كل شب روان‎, also Romanized as Kal Shab Ravān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kal Shab Ravan	Iran
country	Rusta (Persian: روستا‎, also Romanized as Rūstā) is a village in Miankuh-e Moguyi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Rusta	Iran
country	The Sacred pit of Garlo is an archaeological site located near the village of Garlo in Pernik District, Bulgaria.	Sacred pit of Garlo	Bulgaria
country	San Beda College (Spanish: Colegio de San Beda) and (Filipino: Dalubhasaan ng San Beda) is a private Roman Catholic Benedictine college run by the Benedictine monks in the Philippines.	San Beda College	Philippines
country	Sarfait (Sarfayt) is a settlement in the Dhofar Governorate of Oman on the coast of the Arabian Sea, near the border with Yemen.	Sarfait	Oman
country	Neighbourhood Cable was a telecommunications provider based in regional Victoria, Australia.	Neighbourhood Cable	Australia
country	Chalak Saraki (Persian: چالك سراكي‎, also Romanized as Chālak Sarākī) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chalak Saraki	Iran
country	Otoyol 4 (English: Motorway 4), also known as Anadolu Otoyolu (English: Anatolia Motorway) and abbreviated as O-4, is a toll motorway connecting the northeastern Marmara Region to the Central Anatolia Region in Turkey.	Otoyol 4	Turkey
country	Tossa de Mar (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈtosə ðə ˈmar)) is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain, located on the Costa Brava, about 103 kilometres north of Barcelona and 100 kilometres south of the French border.	Tossa de Mar	Spain
country	Kammertheater München, former known as Kammertheater Schwabing is a theatre in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Kammertheater München	Germany
country	Mokrosze (mɔˈkrɔʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieluń, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mokrosze	Poland
country	Muzillac (Breton: Muzilheg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Muzillac	France
country	Keelung River (Chinese: 基隆河; pinyin: Jīlóng Hé; Wade--Giles: Chi1-lung2 Ho2) is a river in northern Taiwan.	Keelung River	Taiwan
country	Bukbu Library is municipal library that is located in Buk-gu, Daegu, South Korea.	Bukbu Library	South Korea
country	Wołoskowola (vɔwɔskɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wołoskowola	Poland
country	Mazraeh-ye Fereydun Puya (Persian: مزرعه فريدون پويا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Fereydūn Pūyā) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 4 families.	Mazraeh-ye Fereydun Puya	Iran
country	Karawwa is a village in the town of Kahawatta in Ratnapura District in Sri Lanka.	Karawwa	Sri Lanka
country	Rohatyn (Ukrainian: Рогатин, Polish: Rohatyn) is a city located on the Hnyla Lypa River in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Rohatyn	Ukraine
country	Mendionde (Basque Lekorne) is a small village in the traditional Basque province of Labourd, now a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Mendionde	France
country	La mère Bourgeois is a restaurant in Priay, Ain, France, located at Sophie et Hervé Rodriguez 85, Grande rue de la Côtière.	La mère Bourgeois	France
country	Brestovica pri Komnu (pronounced (bɾɛstɔˈʋiːtsa pɾi ˈkoːmnu); Italian: Brestovizza in Valle) is a village in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Brestovica pri Komnu	Slovenia
country	Golyam Beglik is a reservoir near the central parts of the Rhodope Mountains, Bulgaria.	Golyam Beglik	Bulgaria
country	Bahu Jamalpur (बहू जमालपुर), also known as Chhoti Bahu (छोटी बहू) is a village in Rohtak District, Haryana, India.	Bahu Jamalpur	India
country	Cajeme is one of the municipalities of the northwestern state of Sonora, Mexico.	Cajeme	Mexico
country	Evropos (Greek: Ευρωπός) is a village and a former municipality in the former Paionia Province, Kilkis regional unit, Greece.	Evropos	Greece
country	Mainz-Kastel is a district of the city Wiesbaden, which is the capital of the German state Hesse in western Germany.	Mainz-Kastel	Germany
country	Yenişehir Airport (IATA: YEI, ICAO: LTBR) is an airport in the city of Yenişehir in the Bursa Province of Turkey.	Yenişehir Airport	Turkey
country	The Wolli Creek Regional Park is a 50 hectares (120 acres) regional park, located adjacent to Wolli Creek within the Wolli Creek Valley, between Bexley North and Tempe in south-west Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Wolli Creek Regional Park	Australia
country	National Open University (NOU; Chinese: 國立空中大學) is an Open University in Luzhou District, New Taipei, Taiwan.	National Open University	Taiwan
country	Kalasalingam University (Tamil: கலசலிங்கம் பல்கலைக் கழகம்) is located in Krishnankoil near Madurai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Kalasalingam University	India
country	Cyarubare is a district (akarere) of the Eastern Province of Rwanda (it was formerly in Kibungo Province).	Cyarubare	Rwanda
country	The Schoenstatt Shrine is a part of the Apostolic movement founded by Josef Kentenich in Germany in 1914, a place where the Virgin Mary is invited for protection and influence.	Schoenstatt Shrine	Germany
country	Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy is a centre for the sport of sailing on the Isle of Portland, Dorset, on the south coast of England, United Kingdom.	Weymouth and Portland National Sailing Academy	United Kingdom
country	Thirukkanur is a village in the union territory of Puducherry, India.	Thirukkanur	India
country	Klipberg Dam is an arch type dam located on the Konings River, near McGregor, Western Cape, South Africa.	Klipberg Dam	South Africa
country	Szczytnicki Park in Wrocław, Poland is located to the east of Plac Grunwaldzki and the old Oder river, and covers approximately 1 square kilometre of land.	Szczytnicki Park	Poland
country	Hindustan College of Science and Technology, HCST, Mathura, Uttar Pradesh, India, offers undergraduate and postgraduate courses.	Hindustan College of Science and Technology	India
country	Dimapur Airport (IATA: DMU, ICAO: VEMR) is located at Dimapur in the state of Nagaland, India.	Dimapur Airport	India
country	Skui is a district in the municipality of Bærum, Norway.	Skui	Norway
country	Institute of Rural Management Anand (IRMA) is an autonomous institution located in Anand in Gujarat, India with the mandate of contributing to the professional management of rural organisations.	Institute of Rural Management Anand	India
country	Jorge Chávez International Airport (IATA: LIM, ICAO: SPJC), known as Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Chávez in Spanish, is Peru's main international and domestic airport.	Jorge Chávez International Airport	Peru
country	The Lapraka Airfield or Tirana Aerodrome (IATA: ZOOH) was an Airfield located in Tirana, Albania.	Lapraka Airfield	Albania
country	Tiranë Heliport (also Tirana-Farka Heliport) (ICAO: LAFK) is a public use heliport located 2 nm east-southeast of Tiranë, Tiranë, Albania.	Tiranë Heliport	Albania
country	Prior to the Balkan Wars and World War I, Girdap was among the six largest banks in Bulgaria, and during the wars its financial group was the most influential in the country.	Girdap	Bulgaria
country	Wola Błędowa (ˈvɔla bwɛnˈdɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Błędowa	Poland
country	Assinie-Mafia is a coastal resort town in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Assinie-Mafia	Ivory Coast
country	Eskambuli (Persian: اسكمبولي‎, also Romanized as Eskambūlī; also known as Eskambolī) is a village in Rud Ab-e Gharbi Rural District, Rud Ab District, Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Eskambuli	Iran
country	Hammarlunda Church (Swedish: Hammarlunda kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in the province of Scania, Sweden.	Hammarlunda Church	Sweden
country	Zekharia (Hebrew: זְכַרְיָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Zekharia	Israel
country	The River Suir (/ʃʊər/; Irish pronunciation: (ʃuːrˠ), Irish An tSiúr or Abhainn na Siúire) is a river in Ireland that flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Waterford after a distance of 185 kilometres (115 mi).	River Suir	Ireland
country	Ab Bad-e Sivandi (Persian: اببادسيوندي‎, also Romanized as Āb Bād-e Sīvandī; also known as Āb Bād) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ab Bad-e Sivandi	Iran
country	Osijek-Baranja County (pronounced (ôsijeːk-bǎraɲa), Croatian: Osječko-baranjska županija; Hungarian: Eszék-Baranya megye) is a county in Croatia, located in northeastern Slavonia and Baranja.	Osijek-Baranja County	Croatia
country	Mazraeh-ye Ebrahim Jahangiri (Persian: مزرعه ابراهيم جهانگيري‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ebrāhīm Jahāngīrī) is a village in Dasht-e Arzhan Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Ebrahim Jahangiri	Iran
country	Spean Praptos (Khmer: ស្ពានព្រះទិស, also known as Kampong Kdei Bridge ស្ពានកំពង់ក្ដី) on the road from Angkor to Phnom Chisor, Cambodia, used to be the longest corbeled stone-arch bridge in the world, with more than twenty narrow arches spanning 285 ft (87m).	Spean Praptos	Cambodia
country	Ski Montcalm is an alpine ski center in Rawdon, Québec, Canada.	Ski Montcalm	Canada
country	Tuleh Dar (Persian: توله در‎, also Romanized as Tūleh Dar; also known as Tūlādar) is a village in Zarabad-e Gharbi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tuleh Dar	Iran
country	Rukesh (Persian: روكش‎‎, also Romanized as Rūkesh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rukesh	Iran
country	Mobarakabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان مبارك آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mobarakabad Rural District	Iran
country	The Teatro Donizetti is an opera house in Bergamo, Italy.	Teatro Donizetti	Italy
country	The National University of Modern Languages (Initials: NUML), is a public research University located in Islamabad, Pakistan.	National University of Modern Languages	Pakistan
country	Port Mourant is a village located in region six, East Berbice-Corentyne, in Guyana.	Port Mourant	Guyana
country	Stari Mikanovci is a village in Croatia, located in the eastern part of the large Croatian historic and geographic region of Slavonia, situated in the westernmost part of the smaller Croatian historic and geographic region of Srijem.	Stari Mikanovci	Croatia
country	Tricity Landscape Park (Trójmiejski Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area in northern Poland (Polish Landscape Park), established in 1979, and covering the area of 199.3 square kilometres (77.0 sq mi).	Tricity Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families was a Cabinet minister post in the United Kingdom.	Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families	United Kingdom
country	Szczytna (ˈʂt͡ʂɨtna) (German: Rückers) is a town in Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szczytna	Poland
country	Kakareza-ye Sofla (Persian: كاكارضاسفلي‎‎, also Romanized as Kākāreẕā-ye Soflá) is a village in Honam Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kakareza-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Turku Orthodox Church or the Church of the Holy Martyr Empress Alexandra is the main church of the Turku orthodox parish located on the northeast corner of Turku Market Square in Turku, Finland.	Turku Orthodox Church	Finland
country	The Confederation of Swedish Enterprise or Swedish Enterprise (Swedish: Svenskt Näringsliv) is a major employers' organization for private sector and business sector companies in Sweden.	Confederation of Swedish Enterprise	Sweden
country	Bangabandhu Bridge, commonly called the Jamuna Multi-purpose Bridge (Bengali: যমুনা বহুমুখী সেতু Jomuna Bohumukhi Setu) is a bridge opened in Bangladesh in June 1998.	Bangabandhu Bridge	Bangladesh
country	The 2000 Kipawa earthquake struck Quebec and Ontario, Canada with a moment magnitude of 5.2 at 6:22 a.m. on January 1.	2000 Kipawa earthquake	Canada
country	Nunukan Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Nunukan) (IATA: NNX, ICAO: WALF formerly WRLF) is an airport serving Nunukan, located in the province of North Kalimantan in Indonesia.	Nunukan Airport	Indonesia
country	Mount Gulian is a reconstructed 18th century Dutch manor house on the Hudson River in the town of Fishkill, New York, United States of America.	Mount Gulian	United States of America
country	Mirow (German pronunciation: (ˈmiːʁoː)) is a town in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte in southern Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Mirow	Germany
country	Hälsingland (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈhɛlːsɪŋland)), sometimes referred to as Helsingia in English, is a historical province or landskap in central Sweden.	Hälsingland	Sweden
country	Lniska (ˈlniska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żukowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lniska	Poland
country	Aspire Parramatta (also referred to as Aspire Tower or simply Aspire) is a proposed skyscraper located in Parramatta, New South Wales, Australia, a centrepiece of the Parramatta Square development.	Aspire Parramatta	Australia
country	Premantura is a town in Istria, Croatia, on the Istrian Peninsula.	Premantura	Croatia
country	Asamushi Onsen (浅虫温泉) is the site of a hot spring, located in Aomori City in Aomori Prefecture, Japan.	Asamushi Onsen	Japan
country	Oland Brewery is a brewing company in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, and a unit of Labatt Brewing Company, itself a unit of InBev.	Oland Brewery	Canada
country	Cheshmeh Barani (Persian: چشمه باراني‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Bārānī; also known as Posht Bāgh-e Ẕarūnī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Barani	Iran
country	The Capitol Park and Lagoon is a provincial park located in Bacolod City, Negros Occidental, in the Philippines.	Capitol Park and Lagoon	Philippines
country	Email Limited was a manufacturing conglomerate operating mainly in Australia.	Email Limited	Australia
country	Ciribul (also, Cirimbel, Dzherembel'', Dzherimbel'', and Dzhirimbel'') is a village in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ciribul	Azerbaijan
country	Abu ol Qasemabad (Persian: ابوالقاسم اباد‎, also Romanized as Abū ol Qāsemābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Abu ol Qasemabad	Iran
country	Fukutoku-Okanoba (福徳岡ノ場) is a submarine volcano that is part of the Volcano Islands in the Bonin Islands of Japan.	Fukutoku-Okanoba	Japan
country	The Tana River Delta Ramsar Site is a wetland on the Tana River protected under the Ramsar Convention located in the Coast Province of Kenya.	Tana River Delta Ramsar Site	Kenya
country	Fillstabäcken Nature Reserve (Swedish: Fillstabäckens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Fillstabäcken Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	The Districts of Yerevan refers to administrative divisions of Yerevan, tha capital of Armenia.	Districts of Yerevan	Armenia
country	The University of French Polynesia (French: Université de la Polynésie française) is a French University located in Punaauia, Tahiti, French Polynesia, France.	University of French Polynesia	France
country	The Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company was a railway company in Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne and Suburban Railway Company	Australia
country	The Seocho Garak Tower East is a remarkable skyscraper located in Seoul, South Korea.	Seocho Garak Tower East	South Korea
country	The European University at Saint Petersburg (Russian: Европейский университет в Санкт-Петербурге), sometimes referred to as EUSP, is a non-state graduate university located in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	European University at Saint Petersburg	Russia
country	The Berens River is a river in the Provinces of Manitoba and Ontario, Canada.	Berens River	Canada
country	Njombe Region is one of the thirty administrative regions of Tanzania.	Njombe Region	Tanzania
country	The Staro Hopovo monastery (Serbian: Манастир Старо Хопово / Manastir Staro Hopovo) is a Serb Orthodox monastery on the Fruška Gora mountain in the northern Serbia, in the province of Vojvodina.	Staro Hopovo monastery	Serbia
country	Młochów (ˈmwɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Młochów	Poland
country	Kamensk crater is an impact crater located 10-15 km to the south of Kamensk-Shakhtinsky town in Russia.	Kamensk crater	Russia
country	Judenbüchel is a Jewish cemetery in Cologne, Germany.	Judenbüchel	Germany
country	Bethel Baptist Hospital, Inc. (BBH) or Bethel Hospital is a 75-bed healthcare institution in Malaybalay City, Bukidnon, Philippines founded in 1973.	Bethel Baptist Hospital	Philippines
country	Rõuge Liinjärv is a lake in Voru County in the southeast of Estonia, close to the border with Latvia.	Rõuge Liinjärv	Estonia
country	Kafeh Salehabad (Persian: كافه صالح اباد‎, also Romanized as Kāfeh Sāleḥābād) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kafeh Salehabad	Iran
country	Tamarindo Airport (IATA: TNO, ICAO: MRTM) is a private airport that serves Tamarindo, a coastal resort in Guanacaste province, Costa Rica.	Tamarindo Airport	Costa Rica
country	Fonni (Sardinian: Fonne) is a town and comune in Sardinia, in the province of Nuoro (Italy).	Fonni	Italy
country	Saint-Germain-Nuelles is a commune in the Rhône department in Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Saint-Germain-Nuelles	France
country	The Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service serves as the head of the Secret Intelligence Service (SIS, also commonly known as MI6), which is part of the United Kingdom intelligence community.	Chief of the Secret Intelligence Service	United Kingdom
country	Burj Aziz Khan Dam is located near Quetta in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Burj Aziz Khan Dam	Pakistan
country	Souli (Greek: Σούλι) is a municipality in Epirus, northwestern Greece.	Souli	Greece
country	Agaun Airport (IATA: AUP, ICAO: AYAG) is an airfield in Agaun, in the Milne Bay Province of Papua New Guinea.	Agaun Airport	Papua New Guinea
country	Sumbulovac (Serbian: Сумбуловац) is a village in the municipality of Pale, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Sumbulovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ćukovi (Cyrillic: Ћукови) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ćukovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Hotel National, Moscow (Russian: гости́ница ``Националь'') is a five-star hotel in Moscow, Russia opened in 1903.	Hotel National, Moscow	Russia
country	Jablonov nad Turňou (Hungarian: Szádalmás) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of middle-eastern Slovakia.	Jablonov nad Turňou	Slovakia
country	Dyatkovo (Russian: Дя́тьково) is a town and the administrative center of Dyatkovsky District in Bryansk Oblast, Russia.	Dyatkovo	Russia
country	Women's College Hospital is a teaching hospital in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Women's College Hospital	Canada
country	The Mezen Bay (Russian: Мезенская губа) is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast and Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Northwestern Russia.	Mezen Bay	Russia
country	The Grand Hotel et de Milan is a luxury hotel located in the center of Milan, Italy.	Grand Hotel et de Milan	Italy
country	Lake Päijänne (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpæi(j)ænːe)) is the second largest lake in Finland (1,080 km2 (266,874 acres)).	Lake Päijänne	Finland
country	Yellow Pinch Dam is a major off-stream ungated rockfill embankment dam across the Yellow Pinch Creek upstream of Merimbula in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Yellow Pinch Dam	Australia
country	Cape Wanbrow is a rocky headland one kilometre to the south of Oamaru, New Zealand.	Cape Wanbrow	New Zealand
country	Gorenje Sušice (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ suˈʃiːtsɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Gorenje Sušice	Slovenia
country	Norviliškės, is a small village in the so-called Dieveniškės appendix, Šalčininkai district municipality, Lithuania.	Norviliškės	Lithuania
country	Kamilówka (kamiˈlufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Kamilówka	Poland
country	The Valea Pietrei Albe River is a headwater of the Pârâul Cuţilor in Romania	Valea Pietrei Albe River	Romania
country	The Autovía A-8 is a highway (autovía) that connects all the regions on the Northern Coast of Spain.	Autovía A-8	Spain
country	Norbergs BK is a soccer club in Norberg, Sweden, established in 1914 as Norbergs AIF before changing name in 1985.	Norbergs BK	Sweden
country	The Palazzo Orsini di Gravina is a Renaissance-style palace on number 3 Via Monteoliveto, in the San Lorenzo quarter of Rione San Giuseppe-Carità, of central Naples, Italy.	Palazzo Orsini di Gravina	Italy
country	The Zepp company is a subsidiary of Sony Music Entertainment Japan.	Zepp	Japan
country	Horia Demian Sports Hall (Romanian: Sala Sporturilor Horia Demian), part of the city's Splaiul Independenţei sports complex, is a multi-use arena in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.	Horia Demian Sports Hall	Romania
country	Ben Gurion Airport Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת נמל התעופה בן גוריון‎, Tahanat HaRakevet Nemal HaTe'ufa Ben Gurion) is an Israel Railways station located in the lower level of Ben Gurion International Airport's Terminal 3.	Ben Gurion Airport Railway Station	Israel
country	The Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut (also known as The Episcopal Church in Connecticut) is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America, encompassing the entire state of Connecticut.	Episcopal Diocese of Connecticut	United States of America
country	Greek National Road 33 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 33, abbreviated as EO33) is a single carriageway road in southern Greece.	Greek National Road 33	Greece
country	The British Banking School was a group of 19th century economists from the United Kingdom who wrote on monetary and banking issues.	British Banking School	United Kingdom
country	Malżyce (malˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Malżyce	Poland
country	Ivanica is a small village in Bosnia and Herzegovina which is located just over the border from Gornji Brgat in Croatia.	Ivanica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Ngaragba Central Prison, the national prison for men is located in Bangui in Central African Republic (CAR).	Ngaragba Central Prison	Central African Republic
country	Jabboana is a town of Jhang District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, near the bank of the Jhelum River.	Jabboana	Pakistan
country	Sesfontein is a settlement in the Kunene Region of Namibia.	Sesfontein	Namibia
country	Ostrynka (ɔsˈtrɨŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Ostrynka	Poland
country	Isla Cristina is a city and municipality located in the province of Huelva, Spain.	Isla Cristina	Spain
country	Kugaaruk Airport (IATA: YBB, ICAO: CYBB), formerly known as Pelly Bay Townsite Airport, is located at Kugaaruk (formerly known as Pelly Bay) in Nunavut, Canada.	Kugaaruk Airport	Canada
country	Puná Island is an island off the coast of southern Ecuador at approximately 80 degrees west longitude and 3 degrees south latitude.	Puná Island	Ecuador
country	Nowe Kichary (ˈnɔvɛ kiˈxarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dwikozy, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Nowe Kichary	Poland
country	Mulu Airport (IATA: MZV, ICAO: WBMU) is an airport in the state of Sarawak in Malaysia and gateway to the Gunung Mulu National Park.	Mulu Airport	Malaysia
country	Soboszów (sɔˈbɔʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Soboszów	Poland
country	The Binalbal Festival is an annual festival held on the first of January in Tudela, Misamis Occidental, Philippines.	Binalbal Festival	Philippines
country	Ciudad Ojeda is a city located in the northeastern shore of Lake Maracaibo in Zulia State in northwestern Venezuela.	Ciudad Ojeda	Venezuela
country	Ilopango International Airport (ICAO: MSSS) is an airport located on the eastern part of the city of San Salvador, El Salvador, once serving the city as its international airport until it was replaced by the larger and more modern Comalapa international Airport, located about 50 km south of the city.	Ilopango International Airport	El Salvador
country	Mirchaki (Persian: ميرچاكي‎, also Romanized as Mīrchākī; also known as Mīrchekī) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mirchaki	Iran
country	Pokomsze (pɔˈkɔmʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szypliszki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Pokomsze	Poland
country	Karkuleh Morad Ali (Persian: كركوله مرادعلي‎, also Romanized as Karkūleh Morād ʿAlī) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Karkuleh Morad Ali	Iran
country	The Centre for Values, Ethics and the Law in Medicine (VELiM) is an independent centre at the University of Sydney, Australia.	Centre for Values, Ethics and the Law in Medicine	Australia
country	Majz District is a district of the Sa'dah Governorate, Yemen.	Majz District	Yemen
country	Maaron Business School is a school in Douala, Cameroon, that provides Africans with the opportunity to obtain British and American international qualifications in the fields of business, accounting and actuarial science.	Maaron Business School	Cameroon
country	Tarlac State University (TSU; Filipino: Pambansang Pamantasan ng Tarlac) is a chartered public institution of higher education located in Tarlac City, Philippines.	Tarlac State University	Philippines
country	Abari (Georgian: აბარი) is a village in Racha-Lechkhumi and Kvemo Svaneti region, Georgia.	Abari	Georgia
country	The Robert Bosch Stiftung is unique in that it owns Robert Bosch GmbH, one of Germany's largest companies.	Robert Bosch Stiftung	Germany
country	Spišská Nová Ves railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Spišská Nová Ves) serves the town and municipality of Spišská Nová Ves, in the Košice Region, eastern Slovakia.	Spišská Nová Ves railway station	Slovakia
country	The Copenhagen Court House (Danish: Københavns Domhus) is a historic building located on Nytorv in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Copenhagen Court House	Denmark
country	Crown Resorts Limited is one of Australia's largest gaming and entertainment groups which had, in June 2015, a market capitalisation of just over A$7.5 billion.	Crown Resorts	Australia
country	Little Green Island is a granite island, with an area of 87 hectares (210 acres), in south-eastern Australia.	Little Green Island	Australia
country	Kannonzaki Lighthouse (観音埼灯台) is a lighthouse on Cape Kannon, on Miura Peninsula, in Yokosuka, Kanagawa, Japan.	Kannonzaki Lighthouse	Japan
country	Kizlyar (Russian: Кизля́р) is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, located on the border with the Chechen Republic in the delta of the Terek River 221 kilometers (137 mi) northwest of Makhachkala, the capital of the republic.	Kizlyar	Russia
country	Gallehvand (Persian: گله وند‎, also Romanized as Galehband and Galleh Band) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gallehvand	Iran
country	Toronto Community Housing Corporation (TCHC) is a public housing agency in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Community Housing	Canada
country	The Suwoncheon in South Korea is a tributary of the Hwanggujicheon, which in turn empties into the Yellow Sea at Asan Bay.	Suwoncheon	South Korea
country	The Rigi Hochflue is a mountain overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland.	Rigi Hochflue	Switzerland
country	The Byzantine and Christian Museum (Greek: Βυζαντινό και Χριστιανικό Μουσείο) is situated at Vassilissis Sofias Avenue in Athens, Greece.	Byzantine and Christian Museum	Greece
country	Krymsk (Russian: Крымск) is a town in Krasnodar Krai, Russia.	Krymsk	Russia
country	The Ayinger Brewery (pronounced ``eye-ing-gr''; German: Brauerei Aying) is a brewery in Aying, Bavaria, Germany, about 25 km from Munich.	Ayinger Brewery	Germany
country	Iria Flavia or simply Iria in Galicia, northwestern Spain, was a Celtiberian port, the main seat of the Capori, on the road between Braga and Astorga.	Iria Flavia	Spain
country	The Naviglio Pavese is one of the canals making up the Navigli system in Lombardy, Italy.	Naviglio Pavese	Italy
country	Praprotnica (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɔtnitsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Praprotnica	Slovenia
country	The Castle Building is an office building in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Castle Building	Canada
country	Magyarcsanád (Romanian: Cenadul Unguresc; Serbian: Чaнaд / Čanad) a multi-ethnic village located in Csongrád (county), southeast Hungary near the Mureş River (Hungarian: Maros).	Magyarcsanád	Hungary
country	Ferkessédougou (often shortened to Ferké) is a city in northern Ivory Coast.	Ferkessédougou	Ivory Coast
country	Mozrov (Armenian: Մոզրով), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Mozrov	Armenia
country	The Northern Ireland Affairs Select Committee (or simply the 'Northern Ireland Affairs Committee') is a select committee of the House of Commons in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Northern Ireland Affairs Select Committee	United Kingdom
country	The Vizcachas River is a river in the south of the Patagonic province of Santa Cruz, Argentina.	Vizcachas River	Argentina
country	The 1943 Liberator crash at Whenuapai was an aircraft accident in New Zealand during World War II. TVNZ covered the crash during the program Secret New Zealand in 2003, and posited the accident was covered up, due to concerns of reprisals against POWs.	1943 Liberator crash at Whenuapai	New Zealand
country	Cupul National Airport (IATA: TZM) is an airport located in Tizimín, Yucatan, Mexico.	Cupul National Airport	Mexico
country	Qurghonteppa International Airport is an airport in Kurgan Tyube, Tajikistan (IATA: KQT, ICAO: UTDT).	Qurghonteppa International Airport	Tajikistan
country	Argelès-sur-Mer (Catalan: Argelers de la Marenda or simply Argelers) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Argelès-sur-Mer	France
country	Donje Gire (Serbian: Доње Гире) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donje Gire	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	La Casa Rosada (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈkasa roˈsaða), English: The Pink House) is the executive mansion and office of the President of Argentina.	Casa Rosada	Argentina
country	The French Medical Institute for Children (FMIC) is a children's hospital in Kabul, Afghanistan, established in 2005.	French Medical Institute for Children	Afghanistan
country	Dunøyane Bird Sanctuary (Norwegian: Dunøyane fuglereservat) is a bird reserve in Svalbard, Norway, established in 1973.	Dunøyane Bird Sanctuary	Norway
country	Erastvere (German: Errestfer, Võro: Erästvere) is a village in Kanepi Parish, Põlva County in southeastern Estonia.	Erastvere	Estonia
country	Nemesnádudvar (German: Nadwar, Croatian: Dudvar and Nadvar ) is a village in Bács-Kiskun county, Hungary.	Nemesnádudvar	Hungary
country	Fécamp Abbey (French: Abbaye de la Trinité de Fécamp) is a Benedictine abbey in Fécamp, Seine-Maritime, Upper Normandy, France.	Fécamp Abbey	France
country	The Gurkha Contingent (Abbreviation: GC) is a line department of the Singapore Police Force from Nepal.	Gurkha Contingent	Singapore
country	Lēdmane parish (Latvian: Lēdmanes pagasts) is an administrative unit of Lielvārde Municipality, Latvia.	Lēdmane parish	Latvia
country	Comərd (also, Dzhomard and Dzhomart) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Comərd	Azerbaijan
country	Yonam Institute of Digital Technology, also Yonam Engineering College, is a private technical college located in Jinju, South Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Yonam Institute of Digital Technology	South Korea
country	Nemetsky Peninsula (Russian: Немецкий полуостров) is a peninsula in the far north region of continental European Russia.	Nemetsky Peninsula	Russia
country	Vuva River (Russian: Вува) is a river in the north-west of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Vuva River	Russia
country	Måbødalen is a narrow valley in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county, Norway.	Måbødalen	Norway
country	Trou-du-Nord (Haitian Creole: Twou dinò) is a commune in the Trou-du-Nord Arrondissement, in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti.	Trou-du-Nord	Haiti
country	Etnesjøen or Etne is the administrative centre of Etne municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Etnesjøen	Norway
country	Shetrunji River (alternate: Satrunji) is a north-flowing river in western India in Gujarat.	Shetrunji River	India
country	Vizelj Park (previously known as Špinjata) is a football stadium in Belgrade, Serbia.	Vizelj Park	Serbia
country	Trondheim og omland is an economic region in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Trondheim og omland	Norway
country	Zizurkil (Spanish, Cizúrquil) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Zizurkil	Spain
country	Thippagondanahalli Reservoir, also known as T G Halli Dam or Chamarajsagar, is located at the confluence of the Arkavathy River and Kumudavathi River, 35 km west of Bangalore, India.	Thippagondanahalli Reservoir	India
country	Kalleh-ye Espid (Persian: كله اسپيد‎, also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Espīd; also known as Kal-e Espīd) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh-ye Espid	Iran
country	Westland Row is a street on the south side of Dublin city, Ireland, dating from the year 1776.	Westland Row	Ireland
country	Rivoli Veronese is a comune in Veneto, Italy, in the Province of Verona, on a hill on the right bank of the Adige, 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Verona.	Rivoli Veronese	Italy
country	Marmarita (Arabic: مرمريتا‎, Syriac: ܡܪܡܪܝܬܐ‎, Marmarītā) is a village in northwestern Syria, located west of Homs.	Marmarita	Syria
country	Tjolöholm Castle (Swedish: Tjolöholms slott) is a country house, built 1898-1904, in Halland, Sweden.	Tjolöholm Castle	Sweden
country	The Bumdeling Wildlife Sanctuary (also spelled Bumdelling or Bomdeling), which also contains the former Kulong Chu Wildlife Sanctuary, covers 1,520.61 square kilometres (587.11 sq mi) in north-eastern Bhutan at elevations between 1,500 metres (4,900 ft) and 6,000 metres (20,000 ft).	Bumdeling Wildlife Sanctuary	Bhutan
country	1848, Moresco is an autonomous commune, but in 1869, under the Reign of Italy, it is united with Monterubbiano.	Moresco	Italy
country	The Volkerak is a body of water in the Netherlands.	Volkerak	Netherlands
country	Argeathoi (Greek: Αργέαθοι) was an ancient settlement in Arcadia, Greece.	Argeathoi	Greece
country	Gregovce (pronounced (ˈɡɾeːgɔu̯tsɛ)) is a small village on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia, on the border with Croatia.	Gregovce	Slovenia
country	Paradox Entertainment is publicly listed in Stockholm, Sweden, but all business is conducted from the main office in Los Angeles, USA.	Paradox Entertainment	Sweden
country	Jarvis Street is a north-south thoroughfare in downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, passing through some of the oldest developed areas in the city.	Jarvis Street	Canada
country	The history of the Lviv Polytechnic National University begins during the Austrian Empire, and extends through the Second Polish Republic, the Nazi Occupation, the Soviet Union, and into independent Ukraine.	Lviv Polytechnic	Ukraine
country	Øverbygd Church (Norwegian: Øverbygd kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county, Norway.	Øverbygd Church	Norway
country	Hlambanyatsi is an inkhundla of Swaziland, located in the Manzini District.	Hlambanyatsi	Swaziland
country	Pisari (pronounced (piˈsaːɾi)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia close to the border with Croatia.	Pisari	Slovenia
country	Behabad (Persian: بهاباد‎, also Romanized as Behābād and Bahābād; also known as Būhābād and Mahābād) is a city in and the capital of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Behabad	Iran
country	Vrapčište (Macedonian: Врапчиште , Albanian: Vrapçishti, Turkish: Vrapçişte) is a village in Republic of Macedonia.	Vrapčište	Macedonia
country	Debiganj Girls High School (Bengali: দেবীগঞ্জ বালিকা উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a public high school, located in Debiganj, Rangpur, Bangladesh, that educates around 270 girls.	Debiganj Girls High School	Bangladesh
country	Salmiya (Arabic السالمية; transliterated As-Sālmīya(h)) is a city area in Hawalli Governorate in the State of Kuwait.	Salmiya	Kuwait
country	Tolombeh-ye Hezbollah Zary (Persian: تلمبه حزب اله زارع‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Ḩezbollah Zāry) is a village in Korbal Rural District, in the Central District of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Hezbollah Zary	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Morad Bakhsh Damani (Persian: موتور مرادبخش دامني‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Morād Bakhsh Dāmanī) is a village in Bampur-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Bampur County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Morad Bakhsh Damani	Iran
country	Jadhavwadi is a village of approximately 2500 people in the Khanapur taluka of the Sangli district of Maharashtra, India.	Jadhavwadi	India
country	Racrange (German: Rakringen; Lorraine Franconian Rakringe) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Racrange	France
country	Pereslavl-Zalessky (Russian: Переславль-Залесский; IPA: (pʲɪrʲɪˈslavlʲ zɐˈlʲɛskʲɪj), lit. Pereslavl, which is located behind the woods), also known as Pereyaslavl-Zalessky, is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, located on the main Moscow--	Pereslavl-Zalessky	Russia
country	Jimba Jimba Station, most often referred to as Jimba Jimba, is a pastoral lease currently operating as a cattle station in Western Australia, that once operated as a sheep station.	Jimba Jimba Station	Australia
country	Long Seniai (also known as Long Sinei) is a longhouse settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Seniai	Malaysia
country	Puerto Cumarebo capital of Zamora Municipality, Falcón state, Venezuela is located 40 miles east of Coro.	Puerto Cumarebo	Venezuela
country	Poddębice (pɔdːɛmˈbʲit͡sɛ) is a town in Poland, in Łódź Voivodeship, about 40 km northwest of Łódź.	Poddębice	Poland
country	Chernomorets Stadium (Bulgarian: Стадион ``Черноморец``) is a multi-purpose stadium in Burgas, Bulgaria. It was used mostly for football matches and was the home ground of Chernomorets Burgas and Chernomorets 919. The stadium currently holds 22,000 people and soon it will be replaced with a new modern sports complex.	Chernomorets Stadium	Bulgaria
country	Fena Lake is the largest lake in the United States territory of Guam.	Fena Lake	Guam
country	Gowd-e Sorkh (Persian: گودسرخ‎, also Romanized as Gowd Sorkh) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Sorkh	Iran
country	Wola Maradzka (ˈvɔla maˈrat͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wola Maradzka	Poland
country	Unčani (Serbian Cyrillic: Унчани) is a village in Croatia.	Unčani	Croatia
country	Adamdighi Upazila (Bengali: আদমদিঘী উপজেলা) is an upazila of Bogra District in the Division of Rajshahi, Bangladesh.	Adamdighi Upazila	Bangladesh
country	Čekovnik (pronounced (tʃɛˈkoːu̯nik)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Čekovnik	Slovenia
country	Lytchett Bay is located close to the town of Upton, Dorset, United Kingdom.	Lytchett Bay	United Kingdom
country	Bodio Lomnago is a town and comune located in the province of Varese, in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.	Bodio Lomnago	Italy
country	The Saint Croix Courier is a weekly newspaper published by the St. Croix Printing & Publishing Company, Limited in St. Stephen, New Brunswick, Canada.	Saint Croix Courier	Canada
country	Qaz (Persian: قز‎‎) is a village in Karrab Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qaz	Iran
country	The Bonde Palace (Swedish: Bondeska palatset) is a palace in Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Bonde Palace	Sweden
country	Biopolis (Chinese: 启奥城, from Greek bio, life + polis, city) is an international research and development centre located in Singapore for biomedical sciences.	Biopolis	Singapore
country	The Richmond Gaol is a convict era building and tourist attraction in Richmond, Tasmania, and is the oldest intact gaol in Australia.	Richmond Gaol	Australia
country	Douglas College is one of the largest public colleges in British Columbia, Canada.	Douglas College	Canada
country	Wichradz (ˈvixrat͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wichradz	Poland
country	Rudolfin (ruˈdɔlfin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Rudolfin	Poland
country	Zorakert (Armenian: Զորակերտ; formerly,Balikli) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Zorakert	Armenia
country	The University of Mons is the fourth (and smallest) university of the French community of Belgium with about 5,700 students.	University of Mons	Belgium
country	The Cathedral of the Holy Redeemer is the main church of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Multan, Pakistan.	Cathedral of the Holy Redeemer	Pakistan
country	Hagensborg, originally named Kristiania, is a small community in the Bella Coola Valley in British Columbia, Canada.	Hagensborg	Canada
country	The Mezquital Valley (Otomi: B’ot’ähi) is a series of small valleys and flat areas located in Central Mexico, about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Mexico City.	Mezquital Valley	Mexico
country	Dehgolan (Persian: دهگلان‎, also Romanized as Dehgolān; also known as Deh Gulan and Deh-ī-Gūlān) is a city in and the capital of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dehgolan	Iran
country	Tanči Vrh (pronounced (ˈtaːntʃi ˈʋəɾx); also Tancbihel or Tanče gorice, German: Tanzbüchel) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Tanči Vrh	Slovenia
country	Dzorakap (Armenian: Ձորակապ; formerly, Bogazkyasan) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Dzorakap	Armenia
country	The Library of Parliament (French: Bibliothèque du Parlement) is the main information repository and research resource for the Parliament of Canada.	Library of Parliament	Canada
country	Mzingwane Dam is a reservoir on the Mzingwane River, near Esigodini, Zimbabwe, with a capacity of 42 million cubic metres.	Mzingwane Dam	Zimbabwe
country	Mir Havaryari (Persian: ميرهوارياري‎, also Romanized as Mīr Havāryārī; also known as Mīr Havār) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Mir Havaryari	Iran
country	Pluduno (Breton: Pludunoù, Gallo: Ploedunoe) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Pluduno	France
country	The Bay of San Miguel (Spanish: Golfo de San Miguel) is located on the Pacific coast of Darién, a district of eastern Panama.	Bay of San Miguel	Panama
country	Central Chidlom is a large department store located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Central Chidlom	Thailand
country	Unit 88-9 (Kiyomizu Masahiro) is a glazed stoneware sculpture by contemporary Japanese potter and sculptor Kiyomizu Masahiro, also known by the professional art-name Kiyomizu Rokubei VIII. This piece is currently housed in the Prince Takamado Gallery at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, Canada.	Unit 88-9 (Kiyomizu Masahiro)	Canada
country	Peyrat-le-Château (Occitan: Pairac (lo Chasteu)) is a commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Limousin region in west-central France.	Peyrat-le-Château	France
country	The 2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes occurred near the cities of Ahar and Varzaqan in Iran's East Azerbaijan Province, on August 11, 2012, at 16:53 Iran Standard Time.	2012 East Azerbaijan earthquakes	Iran
country	Pherae is the English transliteration of two towns in Ancient Greece.	Pherae	Greece
country	The Cisternoni of Livorno are a series of three large buildings in the neoclassical style at Livorno, in Tuscany, Italy.	Cisternoni of Livorno	Italy
country	Brodowce (brɔˈdɔft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Brodowce	Poland
country	Založe (pronounced (ˈzaːlɔʒɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Polzela in Slovenia.	Založe	Slovenia
country	The University of Montemorelos (Spanish: Universidad de Montemorelos) is a private coeducational Seventh-day Adventist university located in Montemorelos, Nuevo León, Mexico.	University of Montemorelos	Mexico
country	Kozarde (Serbian: Козарде) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kozarde	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The old Posta del Chuy is a historic inn situated 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) away from Melo, Cerro Largo, Uruguay.	Posta del Chuy	Uruguay
country	Çaylaqqala (Armenian: Խծաբերդ Khtsaberd, Khtsabert, and Tskhabert) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Çaylaqqala	Azerbaijan
country	Pedamadalla is a village located in the Krishna District in India.	Pedamadalla	India
country	The Celje Post Office (Slovene: Pošta Celje) is the administrative post office in the city of Celje, Slovenia.	Celje Post Office	Slovenia
country	The UK Green Building Council (UKGBC) is a United Kingdom membership organisation, formed in 2007, which aims to 'radically transform' the way that the built environment in the UK is planned, designed, constructed, maintained and operated.	UK Green Building Council	United Kingdom
country	ALP-IX Regional Internet Exchange (ALP-IX) is an Internet Exchange Point situated in Munich (Germany).	ALP-IX	Germany
country	The Peace River Regional District is a regional district in northeastern British Columbia, Canada.	Peace River Regional District	Canada
country	Bab Agnaou (Arabic باب اكناو) is one of the nineteen gates of Marrakech, Morocco.	Bab Agnaou	Morocco
country	Lindenberg im Allgäu is the second largest town of the district of Lindau in Bavaria, Germany.	Lindenberg im Allgäu	Germany
country	Nalanchira is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, formerly known as Trivandrum, the capital of Kerala State in India.	Nalanchira	India
country	The World Trade Center Montevideo (WTC Montevideo) is a building complex located in Montevideo, Uruguay.	World Trade Center Montevideo	Uruguay
country	The Spiš Magura (in Slovak, Spišská Magura) is a set of mountain ranges in northern Slovakia, part of the Podhale-Magura Area region of the Outer Western Carpathians.	Spiš Magura	Slovakia
country	The Church of Our Lady the Merciful (Russian: Церковь иконы Божией Матери Милующей), is a former Russian Orthodox Church in St Petersburg, Russia.	Church of Our Lady the Merciful	Russia
country	Utsira is one of the smallest municipalities in Norway.	Utsira	Norway
country	The Basilica of Bom Jesus or Borea Jezuchi Bajilika (Portuguese: Basílica do Bom Jesus) is located in Goa, India, and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.	Basilica of Bom Jesus	India
country	Sobatu (Persian: ثباتو‎, also Romanized as S̄obātū; also known as Şoḩbatū) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sobatu	Iran
country	Bahgarah is the name of a village in the district of Darrang, a district of Asom in India.	Bahgarah	India
country	Tomandar (Persian: تمندر‎; also known as Tomandar-e Bālā) is a village in Bizaki Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tomandar	Iran
country	Memory Island Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the South end of Shawnigan Lake on Southern Vancouver Island.	Memory Island Provincial Park	Canada
country	Darreh-ye Ajqu (Persian: دره اجقو‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Ajqū; also known as Darreh-ye Ajqān) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Ajqu	Iran
country	Gąbin (ˈɡɔmbin) is a small town in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,230 inhabitants (2006).	Gąbin	Poland
country	Martyrs' Lane, Alley of Martyrs or Şəhidlər Xiyabanı (transliterated to Shehidler Khiyabani), formerly The Kirov Park, is a cemetery and memorial in Baku, Azerbaijan dedicated to those killed by the Soviet Army during Black January and later to those killed in Nagorno-Karabakh War.	Martyrs' Lane	Azerbaijan
country	Tulibowo (tuliˈbɔvɔ) (German: Tulpenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyń nad Wisłą, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tulibowo	Poland
country	West Penwith Rural District was a rural district in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, from 1894 to 1974.	West Penwith Rural District	United Kingdom
country	Mabë is a settlement in the Lezhë County, northwestern Albania.	Mabë	Albania
country	After merging with Mönchengladbach, the central station (Rheydt Hauptbahnhof) kept its original name, making Mönchengladbach the only city in Germany to have two stations called Hauptbahnhof.	Rheydt	Germany
country	Aliabad-e Vali (Persian: علي ابادوالي‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Vālī; also known as ``Alīābād) is a village in Tarrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 57, in 19 families.	Aliabad-e Vali	Iran
country	Stolp Synagogue was a synagogue in Stolp, Germany (now Słupsk, Poland).	Stolp Synagogue	Poland
country	In 2008, the National Library of Myanmar moved to a new site in Yankin Township.	Yankin Township	Myanmar
country	Thapsus or Thapsos (less commonly, Tapsus) (Greek: Θάψος) was an ancient city in what is modern-day Tunisia.	Thapsus	Tunisia
country	Nazarabad-e Sofla (Persian: نظرابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Naz̧arābād-e Soflá; also known as Naz̧arābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Nazarabad-e Sofla	Iran
country	Palabong is a village on the southwest coast of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	Palabong	Papua New Guinea
country	La Belle Alliance is an inn situated a few miles south of Brussels in Belgium, chiefly remembered for its significance in the aftermath of the Battle of Waterloo.	La Belle Alliance	Belgium
country	Nevado Piquenes is a mountain in the Andes Mountains of central Chile.	Nevado Piquenes	Chile
country	Stump Lake is a lake in the Nicola Country region of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located northeast from and of a smaller size to Nicola Lake at approximately 11 km long.	Stump Lake	Canada
country	Ramat HaSharon (Hebrew: רָמַת הַשָּׁרוֹן, lit. Height of the Sharon) is a city located on Israel's central coastal strip in the south of the Sharon region, bordering Tel Aviv to the south, Hod HaSharon to the east and Herzliya and Kibbutz Glil Yam to the north.	Ramat HaSharon	Israel
country	Jafarak (Persian: جعفرك‎, also Romanized as Jaʿfarak) is a village in Qohrud Rural District, Qamsar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jafarak	Iran
country	Unu Lluqsina (Quechua unu, yaku water, lluqsina exit, ``water exit'', hispanicized spelling Unollocsina) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,300 metres (17,388 ft) high.	Unu Lluqsina	Peru
country	Kuzmolovsky (Russian: Кузьмоловский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located north of the city of Saint Petersburg.	Kuzmolovsky	Russia
country	Surp Hagop Church (Armenian: Սուրբ Յակոբ Եկեղեցի) (also Saint Jacob or Saint James church) is an Armenian Apostolic church, located on Al-Iman strret in the Old Syrian quarter of Aleppo, Syria.	Surp Hagop Church	Syria
country	Clärchens Ballroom (German: Clärchens Ballhaus) is a building, formerly a ballroom and now a nightclub and restaurant, on Auguststraße in the Berlin-Mitte district of Berlin, Germany.	Clärchens Ballroom	Germany
country	Hosťová (Hungarian: Nyitrageszte) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.	Hosťová	Slovakia
country	Lively Island (Spanish: Isla Bougainville) is the largest of the Lively Island Group of the Falkland Islands, The island group lies east of East Falkland.	Lively Island	Falkland Islands
country	Horniki Górne (xɔrˈniki ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Oberhornikau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Horniki Górne	Poland
country	Fleck/Paterson House is a historic building in Ottawa, Canada.	Fleck/Paterson House	Canada
country	The Avoca Lake, formerly known as Avoca Lagoon and as Bulbararing Lagoon, is an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon that is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Avoca Lake	Australia
country	Kravjek Castle (Slovene: Grad Kravjek, German: Schloss Weineck) is a ruined castle northwest of Muljava, in Lower Carniola, Slovenia.	Kravjek Castle	Slovenia
country	Leo Burke Academy school is a 7-12 school located at 430 Main Street in Bishop's Falls, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Leo Burke Academy	Canada
country	Moroto Airport (ICAO: HUMO) is an airport serving Moroto in the Northern Region of Uganda.	Moroto Airport	Uganda
country	Khanskaya (Russian: Ханская) is a stanitsa in Maykop Republican Urban Okrug in the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located on the Belaya River 13 kilometers (8.1 mi) north-west of Maykop.	Khanskaya	Russia
country	Wypad (ˈvɨpat) (German: Wypad (1938-45:Waldsiedeln)) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wypad	Poland
country	Gorumna (Irish language: Garmna) is an island on the west coast of Ireland, forming part of County Galway.	Gorumna	Ireland
country	Parnassida (Greek: Παρνασσίδα) was one of the provinces of the Phocis Prefecture, Greece, encompassing the area around Mount Parnassus.	Parnassida	Greece
country	Nalagasdeniya is a small village in Hikkaduwa Divisional Secretary's Area in Galle District of Southern Province of Sri Lanka.	Nalagasdeniya	Sri Lanka
country	Tinaca Point is a headland in the southern part of Davao Occidental, in the Philippines.	Tinaca Point	Philippines
country	Azuay Department was created with the 1824 reform of the subdivisions of Gran Colombia.	Azuay Department	Gran Colombia
country	Güneypəyə (also, Gyuneipeya and Gyuneypeya) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Güneypəyə	Azerbaijan
country	Višnja Vas (pronounced (ˈʋiːʃnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Višnja vas) is a settlement on the Hudinja River in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Višnja Vas	Slovenia
country	The Huaca del Sol is an adobe brick temple built by the Moche civilization (100 CE to 800 CE) on the northern coast of what is now Peru.	Huaca del Sol	Peru
country	Adale (Somali: Cadale; Italian: Adalei or Itala), also known as Cadaley, is a coastal town in the southern Middle Shebelle (Shabeellaha Dhexe) region of Somalia.	Adale	Somalia
country	The Neechantz River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing north out of the Pacific Ranges into the Machmell River just before its mouth into the head of Owikeno Lake.	Neechantz River	Canada
country	Surfrider is a steel shuttle roller coaster at Wet'n'Wild Gold Coast located at Oxenford, Gold Coast, Australia.	Surfrider	Australia
country	NUS Business School is the business school of the National University of Singapore (NUS), and a world-renowned business school based in Singapore.	NUS Business School	Singapore
country	Minkébé National Park is a national park in the extreme northeast of Gabon.	Minkébé National Park	Gabon
country	Arcos de la Frontera is a town in the province of Cádiz in southern Spain.	Arcos de la Frontera	Spain
country	Mih Ouensa (sometimes written Mih Ouansa or Mouïaf Ouennsa) is a town and commune, and capital of Mih Ouensa District, in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Mih Ouensa	Algeria
country	Gharbi Rural District (Persian: غربي‎, meaning ``West'') is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Gharbi Rural District	Iran
country	Franja Transversal del Norte -or Northern Transversal Strip in English- is a region in Guatemala delimited at North by an imaginary line between Vértice de Santiago in Huehuetenango and Modesto Méndez Port in Izabal and at South by La Mesilla in Huehuetenango and Izabal lake.	Franja Transversal del Norte	Guatemala
country	Qeqertaq Heliport (IATA: PQT, ICAO: BGQE) is a heliport in Qeqertaq, a village on an island off the shore of the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Qeqertaq Heliport	Greenland
country	Lisičji Kamen is a mountain in Kosovo, in the Šar Mountains in Gora next to Macedonia and Albania.	Lisičji Kamen	Kosovo
country	The InterContinental Kyiv is a five star hotel in the center of Kiev, Ukraine (Old Kyiv neighborhood).	InterContinental Kyiv	Ukraine
country	Varntresk Church (Norwegian: Varntresk kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county, Norway.	Varntresk Church	Norway
country	The Great Kei River (Afrikaans: Groot-Keirivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Great Kei River	South Africa
country	Gulistan railway station (Urdu: گلستان ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Gulistan village, Killa Abdullah district of Balochistan province of the Pakistan.	Gulistan railway station	Pakistan
country	Mainamati is located almost 8 miles from the town of Comilla, Bangladesh.	Mainamati	Bangladesh
country	Manglisi (Georgian: მანგლისი) is a daba (small town) in the Tetritsqaro Municipality, Kvemo Kartli region of Georgia.	Manglisi	Georgia
country	Teupitzer See is a lake in Teupitzer Gewässer, Brandenburg, Germany.	Teupitzer See	Germany
country	Nordre Isfjorden National Park (Norwegian: Nordre Isfjorden nasjonalpark) lies on Spitsbergen Island in the Svalbard archipelago, Norway.	Nordre Isfjorden National Park	Norway
country	O. R. Tambo International Airport (IATA: JNB, ICAO: FAOR) (ORTIA) is a major international airport in Kempton Park, Ekurhuleni, Gauteng, South Africa, near the city of Johannesburg.	O. R. Tambo International Airport	South Africa
country	Luychu Urqu (Quechua luychu, taruka, deer, urqu mountain, ``deer mountain'', hispanicized spelling Luychu Orjo) is a mountain in the Cusco Region in Peru, about 4,430 metres (14,534 ft) high.	Luychu Urqu	Peru
country	Spodnje Blato (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈblaːtɔ)) is a settlement just east of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Spodnje Blato	Slovenia
country	Osona (Catalan pronunciation: (uˈzonə)) is a comarca situated in central Catalonia, Spain.	Osona	Spain
country	The Grote Prijs Stad Eeklo is a cyclo-cross race in Eeklo, Belgium.	Eeklo	Belgium
country	Prüm (German pronunciation: (ˈpʁʏm)) is a town in the Westeifel (Rhineland-Palatinate), Germany.	Prüm	Germany
country	Tanner Moor is one of the largest moorlands in Austria with a surface area of 120 hectares.	Tanner Moor	Austria
country	The Musée de la mode et du textile (Museum of Fashion and Textiles) is a museum located in the Louvre at, 107, rue de Rivoli, in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée de la mode et du textile	France
country	Tokor is a village in the Ketu Municipal district, a district on the south-eastern corner of the Volta Region of Ghana, near the Ghana-Togo border.	Tokor	Ghana
country	Al-Naqirah (Arabic: النقيرة‎, also spelled al-Nuqayrah) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located south of Homs.	Al-Naqirah	Syria
country	Stroobos (West Frisian: Strobos) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Stroobos	Netherlands
country	Biskra (Arabic: بسكرة ‎; Berber: Tibeskert) is the capital city of Biskra Province, Algeria.	Biskra	Algeria
country	Qurghonteppa or Kurganteppa (Tajik: Қурғонтеппа), formerly known as Kurgan-Tyube (Russian: Курган-Тюбе, Persian: قرغان‌تپه‎), is a city in southwestern Tajikistan.	Qurghonteppa	Tajikistan
country	The Episcopal Diocese of California is an ecclesiastical territory or diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America (ECUSA) in Northern California.	Episcopal Diocese of California	United States of America
country	Aryapuram is a village situated in East Godavari district in Rajahmundry town, in Andhra Pradesh State,India.	Aryapuram	India
country	Waterford railway station (Plunkett Station, Irish: Phort Láirge Stáisiún Phluincéid) serves the city of Waterford in County Waterford, Ireland.	Waterford railway station	Ireland
country	Axarquía (Spanish pronunciation: (axarˈki.a)) is a comarca of Andalusia in southern Spain.	Axarquía	Spain
country	Ulashkivtsi (Ukrainian: Улашківці) is a village located at the Seret River in the Chortkiv Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province in western Ukraine. Pop. 1,423.	Ulashkivtsi	Ukraine
country	Isla San Marcos Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is a private-use dirt airstrip located on the South coast of Isla San Marcos, Baja California Sur, Mexico, an island located in the Gulf of California, 10 miles South East of Santa Rosalía, Municipality of Mulegé.	Isla San Marcos Airstrip	Mexico
country	Nozdrzec (ˈnɔzdʐɛt͡s) (Ukrainian: Ніздрець, Nizdrets'') is a village in Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Nozdrzec	Poland
country	Hulin (Chinese: 虎林; pinyin: Hǔlín; literally: ``tiger forest'') is a county-level city on the Muling River in southeastern Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Hulin	People's Republic of China
country	Barxudarlı (also, Barkhudarli, Barkhudarly, and Barkudarly) is an abandoned village in the Qazakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Barxudarlı	Azerbaijan
country	Lega Nord Friuli-Venezia Giulia (English: Northern League Friuli-Venezia Giulia, LNFVG) is a regionalist political party in Italy which functions as the ``national'' (hence, regional) section of Lega Nord in Friuli-Venezia Giulia.	Lega Nord Friuli-Venezia Giulia	Italy
country	Morianbron (Swedish: Blackamoor Bridge) is a small bridge in the gardens of the Ulriksdal Palace in Solna, Sweden, named after the pair of sculptures of so-called blackamoors (e.g. black Moors) standing by the bridge.	Morianbron	Sweden
country	The Rhein-Main International Montessori School (abbreviation: RIMS) is a private school and one of two secondary schools in Friedrichsdorf, Hesse, Germany.	Rhein-Main International Montessori School	Germany
country	Łubniany (wubˈɲanɨ) (German Lugnian) is a village in Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Łubniany	Poland
country	Gaudo Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Southern Italy, approximately 3 km north of Paestum, where the neolithic necropolis belonging to the Gaudo Culture was discovered, about 70 km southeast of Naples.	Gaudo Airfield	Italy
country	Ardaheh (Persian: اردهه‎, also Romanized as Ārdaheh) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ardaheh	Iran
country	The Instituto de Botánica del Nordeste, or Ibone, is a large botanical institute at the National University of the Northeast and major regional herbarium which contains over 400,000 plant specimens from northeastern Argentina and neighboring countries.	Instituto de Botánica del Nordeste	Argentina
country	Kamëz (also known as Kamza, Kamëza) is a municipality in Tirana County, Albania.	Kamëz	Albania
country	Na Brańskiej (ˈna ˈbraɲskʲɛj) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Na Brańskiej	Poland
country	Nowe Lewkowo (ˈnɔvɛ lɛfˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus, on the river Narewka.	Nowe Lewkowo	Poland
country	Kodambakkam Bridge is a road overbridge in the city of Chennai, India.	Kodambakkam Bridge	India
country	Spanish wines (Spanish: vinos españoles) are wines produced in Spain.	Spanish wine	Spain
country	The Hassi R'Mel integrated solar combined cycle power station is a hybrid power station near Hassi R'Mel in Algeria.	Hassi R'Mel integrated solar combined cycle power station	Algeria
country	Raski (ˈraski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Brzeski, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Raski	Poland
country	Patpong (Thai: พัฒน์พงศ์, rtgs: Phat Phong) is an entertainment district in Bangkok, Thailand, catering mainly, though not exclusively, to foreign tourists and expatriates.	Patpong	Thailand
country	Ulimaroa was a name given to Australia by the Swedish geographer and cartographer Daniel Djurberg in 1776.	Ulimaroa	Australia
country	The Apuan Alps (Italian: Alpi Apuane) are a mountain range in northern Tuscany, Italy, part of the Apennine Mountains.	Apuan Alps	Italy
country	Əbrəqunus (also, Əbrəqunis, Əbrəkunis, and Abrakunis) is a village and municipality in the Julfa region of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Əbrəqunus	Azerbaijan
country	Dinachal (Persian: ديناچال‎, also Romanized as Dīnāchāl and Denyā Chāl) is a village in Dinachal Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dinachal	Iran
country	Słupia-Pokora (ˈswupja pɔˈkɔra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Słupia-Pokora	Poland
country	Monarch Cablesystems, LTD. is a now-defunct cable television and internet service provider in British Columbia and portions of Alberta in Western Canada, and also operates Monarch TV-10, a community channel on Cable 10.	Monarch Cablesystems	Canada
country	The La Hague site is a nuclear fuel reprocessing plant at La Hague on the Cotentin Peninsula in northern France.	La Hague site	France
country	Lake Zerenda (Russian: Зеренда) is a small lake in northern-central Kazakhstan, located just west of Zerendi, Zerendi District, Akmola Region.	Lake Zerenda	Kazakhstan
country	Sudeten Provincial Park is a former provincial park in British Columbia, Canada.	Sudeten Provincial Park	Canada
country	Therefore, the dependant population is smaller than the economically active population, showing Dunstall doesn't have a large problem with an ageing population unlike the majority of other places within the United Kingdom.	Dunstall	United Kingdom
country	Choapa River or El Río Choapa is a river of Chile located in the Coquimbo Region.	Choapa River	Chile
country	Plouzévédé (Breton: Gwitevede) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Plouzévédé	France
country	Patchacan is a town in Corozal District, in northern Belize.	Patchacan	Belize
country	Air Dream was a short-lived charter airline based in Cambodia.	Air Dream	Cambodia
country	Miletine (Serbian: Милетине) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Miletine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party (Chinese: 中国农工民主党) is one of the eight non-communist, legally recognised political parties in the People's Republic of China that follow the direction of the Communist Party of China and is a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.	Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party	People's Republic of China
country	Siellé is a town in the Yaba Department of Nayala Province in north-western Burkina Faso.	Siellé	Burkina Faso
country	Alash Autonomy (Kazakh: Алаш аутономиясы Alaş awtonomïyası; Russian: Алашская автономия Alashskaya avtonomiya) was a Kazakh state that existed between December 13, 1917 and August 26, 1920 on, approximately, the territory of the present-day Republic of Kazakhstan.	Alash Autonomy	Kazakhstan
country	The Democratic Revival (Greek: Δημοκρατική Αναγέννηση Dimokratiki Anagenissi) is a political party in Greece, initially founded in 2004 by Stelios Papathemelis.	Democratic Revival	Greece
country	The International Review of Food Science and Technology is a British yearly food science and technology publication done by Sovereign Publications in the United Kingdom for the International Union of Food Science and Technology (IUFoST).	International Review of Food Science and Technology	United Kingdom
country	The Ringgold Isles are an archipelago in Fiji, forming an outlier group to Vanua Levu.	Ringgold Isles	Fiji
country	Popokabaka Territory is a territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Popokabaka Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	El Hogar Filipino Building, also known simply as El Hogar, is an early skyscraper in Manila, Philippines.	El Hogar Filipino Building	Philippines
country	Paengaroa is a village in the Bay of Plenty, New Zealand which lies 11 km from Te Puke, 35 km from Tauranga and 46.2 km from Rotorua.	Paengaroa	New Zealand
country	Anthemia (Greek: Ανθέμια) is a former municipality in Imathia, Greece.	Anthemia	Greece
country	The Château du Grand-Geroldseck is a ruined medieval castle situated in the commune of Haegen in the Bas-Rhin département in Alsace, France.	Château du Grand-Geroldseck	France
country	Ataliklikun Bay (pronounced ``At-lik-lik-kun'') is a bay of East New Britain Province, Papua New Guinea, opening into the Bismarck Sea.	Ataliklikun Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	Imeno (German: Stadeldorf) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sotla River in the Municipality of Podčetrtek in eastern Slovenia.	Imeno	Slovenia
country	Qezel Qayeh-ye Olya (Persian: قزل قيه عليا‎, also Romanized as Qezel Qayeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 194, in 34 families.	Qezel Qayeh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Nankana Sahib (Urdu: ننكانہ صاحِب‎), (Punjabi: Shahmukhi: ننکانہ صاحب Gurumukhi: ਨਨਕਾਣਾ ਸਾਹਿਬ), is a city and capital of Nankana Sahib District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Nankana Sahib	Pakistan
country	Große Zirmbergschanze is a ski jumping large hill in Ruhpolding, Germany.	Große Zirmbergschanze	Germany
country	Agaiambo is a swamp in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	Agaiambo	Papua New Guinea
country	The Col du Parpaillon is a pass in the Cottian Alps of southern France in the Parpaillon massif.	Col du Parpaillon	France
country	Walferdange (Luxembourgish: Walfer, German: Walferdingen) is a commune and small town in central Luxembourg.	Walferdange	Luxembourg
country	Salapy is a village in the Siazan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Salapy	Azerbaijan
country	Arbouet-Sussaute (Basque: Arboti-Zohota) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine of south-western France.	Arbouet-Sussaute	France
country	Asian Development Bank Avenue, commonly referred to as simply ADB Avenue, is a short north-south thoroughfare in Ortigas Center, eastern Metro Manila, Philippines.	ADB Avenue	Philippines
country	Zhezkazgan Airport (IATA: DZN, ICAO: UAKD) is the airport of Zhezkazgan, Kazakhstan.	Zhezkazgan Airport	Kazakhstan
country	SK Tirfing is a sports club in Harnäs in Sweden.	SK Tirfing	Sweden
country	Antikalamos (Greek: Αντικάλαμος) is a village in the municipality of Kalamata, Messenia, Peloponnese, southern Greece.	Antikalamos	Greece
country	Cueva de Montesinos is a cave of the Province of Albacete, Spain.	Cueva de Montesinos	Spain
country	Fakfak ((ˈfaʔfaʔ)) is a town in Indonesia and seat of the Fakfak Regency.	Fakfak	Indonesia
country	Düden Waterfalls are a group of waterfalls in the province of Antalya, Turkey.	Düden Waterfalls	Turkey
country	The Northern Kimberley, an interim Australian bioregion, is located in the northern Kimberley region of Western Australia, comprising 8,420,100 hectares (20,807,000 acres).	Northern Kimberley	Australia
country	Young Nick's Head is a headland at the southern end of Poverty Bay in New Zealand's North Island.	Young Nick's Head	New Zealand
country	STEGAL (Sachsen-Thüringen-Erdgas-Anbindungsleitung) is a natural gas pipeline in Saxony and Thuringia, Germany.	STEGAL	Germany
country	Cisalpine Gaul (Gallia Cisalpina), also called Gallia Citerior or Gallia Togata, was the part of Italy inhabited by Celts since the 13th century BC. Conquered by the Roman Republic in the 220s BC, it was a Roman province from c. 81 BC until 42 BC, when it was merged into Roman Italy.	Cisalpine Gaul	Italy
country	The United Kingdom Census 2001 showed there were almost 30,000 people living in the Bulwell area, accounting for over 10% of the population of the city of Nottingham.	Bulwell	United Kingdom
country	Sougé-le-Ganelon is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays-de-la-Loire in north-western France.	Sougé-le-Ganelon	France
country	The Liangzhou District (Chinese: 凉州区; pinyin: Liángzhōu Qū) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Liangzhou District	People's Republic of China
country	Jamia Hafsa (جامعة حفصة) is a madrassa adjacent to the Lal Masjid complex in Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan.	Jamia Hafsa	Pakistan
country	Unorganized Thunder Bay District is an unorganized area in northwestern Ontario, Canada in Thunder Bay District.	Unorganized Thunder Bay District	Canada
country	Mount Merapi, Gunung Merapi (literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian/Javanese), is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Mount Merapi	Indonesia
country	The colonia of Jardines del Bosque is located in the western section of the city of Guadalajara,in the state of Jalisco, Mexico.	Jardines del Bosque	Mexico
country	Nigel Creek is a short stream located in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta, Canada.	Nigel Creek	Canada
country	Makwassie is a small farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa that produces maize, sorghum, groundnuts and milk.	Makwassie	South Africa
country	Bahawalpur Division was an administrative division of the Punjab Province, Pakistan until the reforms of 2000 abolished the third tier of government.	Bahawalpur Division	Pakistan
country	Vadum is a village and satellite community just outside Aalborg, Denmark.	Vadum	Denmark
country	Filipino Plaza is a landscaped park located in Vanness Avenue, west of SkyTrain's Nanaimo Station in the city of Vancouver, Canada.	Filipino Plaza	Canada
country	Svinjsko (pronounced (ˈsʋiːnskɔ)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Šentjanž in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Svinjsko	Slovenia
country	Caja de Ahorros de Navarra or Caja Navarra or CAN was a medium-sized savings bank based in the Navarre province of northern Spain with headquarters in Pamplona.	Caja Navarra	Spain
country	Dobroczyn Pierwszy (dɔˈbrɔt͡ʂɨn ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zaniemyśl, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dobroczyn Pierwszy	Poland
country	The Frigido is a short river in Tuscany, central Italy, whose course of 17 km is entirely included in the province of Massa-Carrara.	Frigido	Italy
country	Menlyn Park Shopping Centre is a shopping mall in Pretoria, South Africa, with a total floor space of 118 253m².	Menlyn Park	South Africa
country	Dataganj(Urdu داتاگنج ) (Hindi दातागंज ) is a town and a nagar palika in Badaun district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dataganj	India
country	Le Strade dei vini e dei sapori (Roads of Wines and Tastes) is the name for the collection of routes in and around Italy, that lead to and through major regional food and wine production areas.	Strade dei vini e dei sapori	Italy
country	Qereq-e Aq Qamish (Persian: قرق اق قميش‎, also Romanized as Qereq-e Āq Qamīsh; also known as Qereq) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qereq-e Aq Qamish	Iran
country	Kathu is a town in South Africa, and the iron ore capital of the Northern Cape province.	Kathu	South Africa
country	Złochowice (zwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Złochowice	Poland
country	Orivirran saarto is a ruin of a 16th-century fortress located in Savonranta, Finland.	Orivirran saarto	Finland
country	Kleinburg is an unincorporated village in the city of Vaughan, Ontario, Canada.	Kleinburg	Canada
country	The Bragg Institute is a neutron and X-ray scattering group in Australia.	Bragg Institute	Australia
country	Haraldshaugen (Norwegian: Riksmonumentet Haraldshaugen) is a national monument in Haugesund, Norway.	Haraldshaugen	Norway
country	Mo'allem Freeway, also numbered as Freeway 9 is a freeway in central Iran located in Isfahan Province.	Mo'allem Freeway	Iran
country	Poovattoor Bhagavathy Temple is a famous temple located at Poovattoor of Kollam (Quilon) district, Kerala, India.	Poovattoor Bhagavathy Temple	India
country	Shinagawa Lighthouse was a lighthouse in Shinagawa (品川第二砲台), south of Tokyo, Japan.	Shinagawa Lighthouse	Japan
country	The Mutanda Mine is an open-pit copper mine in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mutanda Mine	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Baron Hardinge of Penshurst, in the County of Kent, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.	Baron Hardinge of Penshurst	United Kingdom
country	Chengallur is a place near Poojappura, Trivandrum, Kerala, India, where the famous Chengallur Shiva temple is located.	Chengallur	India
country	Marhanets (Ukrainian: Марганець; Russian: Марганец, literally manganese) is a city of Dnipropetrovsk Oblast that was established in 1938 in central Ukraine.	Marhanets	Ukraine
country	Pearls Airport (ICAO: TGPG) was Grenada's first airport.	Pearls Airport	Grenada
country	The Reservoir of Guarapiranga (Represa de Guarapiranga) is a reservoir in the southern area of the city of São Paulo, in the State of São Paulo, Brazil.	Guarapiranga	Brazil
country	Rockstone is a town on the right bank of the Essequibo River in the Upper Demerara-Berbice Region of Guyana, located at 05°58′59``N 58°32′59''W, altitude 6 Metres (22 feet).	Rockstone	Guyana
country	Campos dos Goytacazes (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈkɐ̃puʒ duʒ ɡojtaˈkaziʃ)) is a municipality located in the northern area of Rio de Janeiro State, Brazil, with a population of 472,300 inhabitants.	Campos dos Goytacazes	Brazil
country	Geitvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county, Norway.	Geitvatnet	Norway
country	Mirash (Persian: ميراش‎, also Romanized as Mīrāsh) is a village in Miyan Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Mirash	Iran
country	The Security Information Service (BIS) (Czech: Bezpečnostní informační služba), is the primary domestic national intelligence agency of the Czech Republic.	Security Information Service	Czech Republic
country	The Gigantium (called Jutlander Bank Arena for sponsoring reasons), in Aalborg, Denmark, is a large, rentable faire building, which hosts a large variety of concerts, markets and exhibitions, among other things.	Gigantium	Denmark
country	Valentino Music is a Bosnian commercial cable television channel based in Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Valentino Music	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ralaghan is a townland located outside Shercock, County Cavan in Ireland.	Ralaghan	Ireland
country	Asxanakəran (also, Askhanakeran) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Asxanakəran	Azerbaijan
country	Skonsvikvatnan is a small lake located along the coast of northern Norway.	Skonsvikvatnan	Norway
country	Presentation College Headford is a secondary school for boys and girls in Headford, County Galway in Ireland.	Presentation College Headford	Ireland
country	Affane (Irish: Adh Mheán, meaning ``Central Ford'') is a small village in west County Waterford, Ireland, situated not far from Cappoquin and the River Blackwater.	Affane	Ireland
country	Goff's Caye is a small island off the shore of Belize City, Belize.	Goff's Caye	Belize
country	Długi Kierz (ˈdwuɡi ˈkʲɛʂ) (kash. Dłudżi Cierz) is a Kashubian village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Długi Kierz	Poland
country	Central Coast Adventist School is a P-12 co-educational private school located in Erina, New South Wales, Australia.	Central Coast Adventist School	Australia
country	Mola di Bari, commonly referred to simply as Mola, is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.	Mola di Bari	Italy
country	Lanckorona (lant͡skɔˈrɔna) is a village located 30 kilometres (19 mi) south-west of Kraków in Lesser Poland.	Lanckorona	Poland
country	The Kemihaara Wilderness Area (Finnish: Kemihaaran erämaa-alue) is a wilderness reserve in Finland.	Kemihaara Wilderness Area	Finland
country	The Amco Cup (also known by various other sponsors' names including the Tooth Cup, KB Cup, National Panasonic Cup and Panasonic Cup) was a mid-week rugby league competition held in Australia between 1974 and 1989.	Amco Cup	Australia
country	Donji Milanovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Милановац, pronounced (dɔ̂ːɲiː mǐlanɔvats)) is a town in eastern Serbia.	Donji Milanovac	Serbia
country	Camp General Basilio Navarro serves as the main operating base of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (AFP) for the Southwest Philippines, and is the Headquarters of the Western Mindanao Command (WESTMINCOM).	Camp General Basilio Navarro	Philippines
country	As part of the restructuring of municipalities in South Africa at the time, the local governments of the East Rand were merged into a single municipality in 1999, called the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality, meaning ``place of peace.''	East Rand	South Africa
country	Koorong is a Christian bookstore chain operating across Australia.	Koorong	Australia
country	The Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF) was the designation of the field force created by Canada for service overseas in the First World War.	Canadian Expeditionary Force	Canada
country	Øn Church (Norwegian: Øn kyrkje) is a parish church in Hyllestad Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Øn Church	Norway
country	Drobeta-Turnu Severin (Romanian pronunciation: (droˈbeta ˈturnu seveˈrin); Latin: Drobeta; Hungarian: Szörényvár, Szörénytornya; Bulgarian: Северин; Serbian: Дробета-Турн Северин/Drobeta-Turn Severin) is a city in Mehedinţi County, Oltenia, Romania, on the left bank of the Danube, below the Iron Gates.	Drobeta-Turnu Severin	Romania
country	Berlin Commercial Internet Exchange (BCIX) is a Berlin-based Internet exchange point (IXP) founded in 2002 as a membership organisation and currently has 79 members, making it one of the largest regional IXP in Germany by membership.	Berlin Commercial Internet Exchange	Germany
country	The Federal University of Rondônia (Portuguese: Universidade Federal de Rondônia, UNIR) is located in the state of Rondônia, in Brazil.	Federal University of Rondônia	Brazil
country	Pierregot (Pièrgou in Picard) is a commune in the Somme department in Picardie in northern France.	Pierregot	France
country	Nybrua is a bridge over the Aker River (Akerselva) in Oslo, Norway.	Nybrua	Norway
country	Rajabad (Persian: رج آباد‎‎, also Romanized as Rajābād; also known as Deh Kaleh) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rajabad	Iran
country	The Diplomatic Academy of Vienna, or simply DA, (in German: Diplomatische Akademie Wien) is a postgraduate professional school based in Vienna, Austria, with focused training for students and professionals in the areas of international affairs, political science, law, languages, history and economics.	Diplomatic Academy of Vienna	Austria
country	The Sterckshof castle is in Deurne, Antwerp, Belgium.	Sterckshof	Belgium
country	Sobków (ˈsɔpkuf) is a village in Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Sobków	Poland
country	The Association of Trust Schools (ATS) is an organisation of independent primary and secondary schools in Zimbabwe that was founded in 1962.	Association of Trust Schools	Zimbabwe
country	Jasieniec-Kolonia (jaˈɕeɲet͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jasieniec-Kolonia	Poland
country	La Goulette (Tunisian Arabic: حلق الوادي‎ Ḥalq el-Wād, Italian: La Goletta) is the port of Tunis, the capital of Tunisia.	La Goulette	Tunisia
country	Tamnar has a branch of State Bank of India in the center of town.	Tamnar	India
country	Agarakavan (Armenian: Ագարակավան; formerly Talishi Agarak) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Agarakavan	Armenia
country	Praia dos Arrifes is a beach on the Atlantic south coast of the Algarve, close to the village resort of Sesmarias which is within the Municipality of Albufeira, Portugal.	Praia dos Arrifes	Portugal
country	Reber pri Škofljici (pronounced (ˈɾeːbəɾ pɾi ˈʃkoːfljitsi)) is a small settlement east of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Reber pri Škofljici	Slovenia
country	Gajowniki-Kolonia (ɡajɔvˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choroszcz, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gajowniki-Kolonia	Poland
country	Benguela Airport (Portuguese: Aeroporto de Benguela - 17 de Setembro) (IATA: BUG, ICAO: FNBG) is an airport serving Benguela, the capital city of the Benguela Province in Angola.	Benguela Airport	Angola
country	Caleta Chaihuín (Chaihuín) is a coastal hamlet (Spanish: caserío) and rural district in the commune of Corral, Los Ríos Region, Chile.	Caleta Chaihuín	Chile
country	Ngaroto railway station was a station on the North Island Main Trunk in New Zealand, 3.4 km (2.1 mi) south of Lake Rd, 2 mi (3.2 km) north of Te Awamutu, beside the entrance to Yarndley's Bush.	Ngaroto railway station	New Zealand
country	Revivim (Hebrew: רְבִיבִים, engl. (rain) showers) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert in southern Israel.	Revivim	Israel
country	The Rothenburg Ferry is a cable ferry across the Saale at Rothenburg in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Rothenburg Ferry	Germany
country	Umm Saiyala is a town in North Kurdufan Province in central Sudan, 140 kilometres northeast of El Obeid.	Umm Saiyala	Sudan
country	Queensland Pride is a monthly gay and lesbian magazine based in Brisbane, Australia.	Queensland Pride	Australia
country	Tamsalu is a town in Lääne-Viru County, Estonia, it is the administrative centre of Tamsalu Parish.	Tamsalu	Estonia
country	Auxerre Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne d'Auxerre) located in Auxerre, Burgundy, France, dedicated to St Stephen, is known for its expansive stained glass windows.	Auxerre Cathedral	France
country	The Upper Silesian Ethnographic Park or Górnośląski Park Etnograficzny is an open-air museum in Chorzów, Poland.	Upper Silesian Ethnographic Park	Poland
country	Golmés is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Golmés	Spain
country	Birgi is a small town located in the Ödemiş district of İzmir province in Turkey.	Birgi	Turkey
country	The Economic and Social Research Council (ESRC) is one of the seven Research Councils in the United Kingdom.	Economic and Social Research Council	United Kingdom
country	Alfredo Vásquez Cobo International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Alfredo Vásquez Cobo) (IATA: LET, ICAO: SKLT) is an airport serving Leticia, the capital of the Amazonas department of Colombia.	Alfredo Vásquez Cobo International Airport	Colombia
country	Płociczno-Osiedle (pwɔˈt͡ɕit͡ʂnɔ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Płociczno-Osiedle	Poland
country	Bayil Stadium (Azerbaijani: Bayıl stadionu) is a stadium in Bayil, Baku, Azerbaijan.	Bayil Stadium	Azerbaijan
country	Clarkebury is a village in Chris Hani District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Clarkebury	South Africa
country	Villa Jesús María, Baja California is a small town in Baja California, Mexico, on Highway 1 between El Rosarito to the north and Guerrero Negro to the south.	Villa Jesús María	Mexico
country	Canterbury (i/ˈkæntərbri/, /-bəri/, or /-bɛri/) is a historic English cathedral city and UNESCO World Heritage Site, which lies at the heart of the City of Canterbury, a local government district of Kent in the United Kingdom.	Canterbury	United Kingdom
country	NK Jedinstvo Bihać is a Bosnian professional football club based in Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	NK Jedinstvo Bihać	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Order of Polonia Restituta (Polish: Order Odrodzenia Polski, English: Order of Rebirth of Poland) is one of Poland's highest Orders.	Order of Polonia Restituta	Poland
country	Port Colborne Airport, (TC LID: CPE5), is located 4.8 nautical miles (8.9 km; 5.5 mi) west of Port Colborne, Ontario, Canada.	Port Colborne Airport	Canada
country	The Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a museum of fine arts located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain).	Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santa Cruz de Tenerife	Spain
country	Kuleh Sarmargan (Persian: كوله سرمرگان‎, also Romanized as Kūleh Sarmargān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kuleh Sarmargan	Iran
country	Asosa Airport (IATA: ASO, ICAO: HASO) is an airport serving Asosa, the capital of the western Benishangul-Gumuz Region in Ethiopia.	Asosa Airport	Ethiopia
country	Onek (pronounced (ˈoːnɛk); German: Hohenegg, Gottscheerish: Wrneggə) is a settlement in the hills east of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Onek	Slovenia
country	Shahrak-e Pain (Persian: شهرك پايين‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Pā’īn; also known as Nizhnyaya Shayryay, Now Shahrak, Shabrak, Shahrak, and Shahrak Tāzeh) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Pain	Iran
country	Cheshmeh Jalal (Persian: چشمه جلال‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Jalāl) is a village in Balaband Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Jalal	Iran
country	Bishia is a small locality in western Eritrea.	Bishia	Eritrea
country	The Sanate Sugar Mill is located near the Sanate Abajo River in the La Altagracia Province of the Dominican Republic.	Sanate Sugar Mill	Dominican Republic
country	Gleichen is the name of two groups of castles in Germany, thus named from their resemblance to each other (German: gleich = like, or resembling).	Gleichen	Germany
country	The portion of the A40/A44 between the Kreuz Kaiserberg and Kreuz Werl is traditionally one of the most congested sections of Autobahn in Germany.	Kreuz Kaiserberg	Germany
country	Abhinava Vidyalaya English Medium School, or Abhinava, is a private, co-educational day school located in Kothrud in Pune, India.	Abhinava Vidyalaya	India
country	Ignalina Česlovas Kudaba Progymnasium is a day, self-learning secondary school in Ignalina, Lithuania.	Ignalina Česlovas Kudaba Progymnasium	Lithuania
country	Emening is a settlement in Kenya's Baringo County.	Emening	Kenya
country	Stare Duchny (ˈstarɛ ˈduxnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Duchny	Poland
country	BAE Systems plc is a British multinational defence, security and aerospace company headquartered in London in the United Kingdom and with operations worldwide.	BAE Systems	United Kingdom
country	Makresh (Bulgarian: Макреш, pronounced (makrɛʃ)) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province.	Makresh	Bulgaria
country	On September 20, 1828, Le Moule received rights to export its commodities to the metropolitan France without going through Pointe à Pitre.	Le Moule	France
country	Ölme is a locality situated in Kristinehamn Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 224 inhabitants in 2010.	Ölme	Sweden
country	Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Београд - Никола Тесла / Aerodrom Beograd - Nikola Tesla) (IATA: BEG, ICAO: LYBE), is an international airport serving Belgrade, Serbia.	Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport	Serbia
country	Jadwiniew (jadˈviɲef) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jadwiniew	Poland
country	The Kyneton Observer was a newspaper based in Kyneton, Victoria, Australia.	Kyneton Observer	Australia
country	The Bhogpur railway station is situated in Bhogpur in the district of Purba Medinipur in West Bengal in the South Eastern Railway Zone, India.	Bhogpur railway station	India
country	Aulzhausen is a village in the municipality Affing near Augsburg (8 km) in the district of Aichach-Friedberg, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.	Aulzhausen	Germany
country	The Cherasco Synagogue is the old synagogue of the Jewish community of Cherasco, Italy.	Cherasco Synagogue	Italy
country	Killykeen Forest Park straddling Lough Oughter is situated in County Cavan, Ireland approximately five miles from Cavan town.	Killykeen Forest Park	Ireland
country	The Brigham Young University Jerusalem Center for Near Eastern Studies (often simply referred to as the BYU Jerusalem Center, BYU--Jerusalem or Mormon University), situated on Mount of Olives in Jerusalem, Israel, is a satellite campus of Brigham Young University (BYU), the largest religious university in the United States.	BYU Jerusalem Center	Israel
country	Sholeh Boran (Persian: شله بران‎, also Romanized as Sholeh Borān and Sholehborān; also known as Shīlīleh) is a village in Bozkosh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sholeh Boran	Iran
country	Tonga Island is a small (0.15 km2) island in Tasman Bay, off the northern coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Tonga Island	New Zealand
country	FK Mladost Velika Obarska (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Младост Велика Обарска) is a football club from the town of Velika Obarska, in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	FK Mladost Velika Obarska	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Denkalia was a province of Eritrea until 1996, when it was divided between present day Northern Red Sea and Southern Red Sea regions.	Denkalia	Eritrea
country	Šušljici (Serbian: Шушљици) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šušljici	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Posht Qala (Persian: پشت قلا‎‎, also Romanized as Posht Qalā) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Posht Qala	Iran
country	The Gulf of Khambhat (also known as the Gulf of Cambay) is an inlet of the Arabian Sea along the west coast of India, in the state of Gujarat.	Gulf of Khambhat	India
country	Aghbazh (Urdu: اغباز‎) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Aghbazh	Pakistan
country	Monasterzysko Małe (mɔnastɛˈʐɨskɔ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Münsterberg) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Monasterzysko Małe	Poland
country	Loen Church (Norwegian: Loen kyrkje or Lokyrkja) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Loen Church	Norway
country	Baiima is a small town in Bo District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone.	Baiima	Sierra Leone
country	Kystagerparken is a park located in Hvidovre, Denmark, it borders Kalveboderne, the waters between Zealand and Amager.	Kystagerparken	Denmark
country	The Verige bridge (Serbian: Мост Вериге, Most Verige) is a planned bridge in Montenegro that would span the Bay of Kotor, crossing the Verige Strait at the Bay's entrance, after which it is named.	Verige bridge	Montenegro
country	Suuksu or Suuk-su (Ukrainian: Суук-Су, Сувук-Сув, Russian: Суу́к-Су, Суву́к-Сув, Crimean Tatar: Suvuq Suv) is a cape on the southern coast of Crimea, Ukraine between the town Gurzuf and western slopes of Mount Ayu-Dag (Bear Mountain).	Suuksu	Ukraine
country	Thum is a small town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Thum	Germany
country	Forez is a former province of France, corresponding approximately to the central part of the modern Loire département and a part of the Haute-Loire and Puy-de-Dôme départements.	Forez	France
country	Krążek (ˈkrɔ̃ʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Krążek	Poland
country	The Ucluelet Aquarium is a non profit public aquarium in Ucluelet, a town on the west coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Ucluelet Aquarium	Canada
country	Gare de Briançon is a railway station serving the town Briançon, Hautes-Alpes department, southeastern France.	Gare de Briançon	France
country	Jeju National University is one of the universities among 10 flagship Korean national universities in South Korea along with Seoul National University, Busan National University, Kyungpook National University, Chonnam National University, Chungnam National University, Chonbuk National University, Gyeongsang National University, Chungbuk National University and Kangwon National University.	Jeju National University	South Korea
country	The M-class cruisers were a class of light cruisers planned, but never built, by Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine before World War II. The ships were designed for commerce raiding in the Atlantic Ocean.	M-class cruiser	Nazi Germany
country	Miksztal (ˈmikʂtal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Miksztal	Poland
country	Steinheuterode is a small municipality in the district of Eichsfeld in Thuringia, in the center of Germany.	Steinheuterode	Germany
country	Hawke Bay is a large bay on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand.	Hawke Bay	New Zealand
country	Woodheys Park, also known as Pinky Park is a park which is located at Kenmore Road, off Woodhouse Lane in Sale, Greater Manchester, United Kingdom .	Woodheys Park	United Kingdom
country	Chegerdanlash (Persian: چگردان لاش‎, also Romanized as Chegerdānlāsh) is a village in Kahir Rural District, in the Central District of Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chegerdanlash	Iran
country	Gò Công is a town district (thị xã) of Tiền Giang Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam.	Gò Công	Vietnam
country	Kłodzko Fortress (Polish: Twierdza Kłodzko, German: Festung Glatz) is a unique fortification complex of the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland.	Kłodzko Fortress	Poland
country	The 2nd U-boat Flotilla (German 2. Unterseebootsflottille), also known as the Saltzwedel Flotilla, was the second operational U-boat unit in Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine.	2nd U-boat Flotilla	Nazi Germany
country	The Hàm Luông River (Vietnamese: Sông Hàm Luông) is branch of Mekong River in the Mekong Delta region, Vietnam.	Hàm Luông River	Vietnam
country	Ayilpatty is a village in Namakkal district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Ayilpatty	India
country	Deh Now-e Gudsar (Persian: دهنوگودسر‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Gūdsar) is a village in Barez Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Gudsar	Iran
country	Dačice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdatʃɪtsɛ); German: Datschitz) is a town in southwestern Moravia, currently belonging to the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Dačice	Czech Republic
country	The Hardangerfjord is the fourth longest fjord in the world, and the second longest fjord in Norway.	Hardangerfjord	Norway
country	Minowa Dam (Japanese: 箕輪ダム) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1992.	Minowa Dam	Japan
country	Tarhamabad (Persian: ترحم اباد‎, also Romanized as Tarḩamābād; also known as Tarḩam) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tarhamabad	Iran
country	Kato Vlasia (Greek: Κάτω Βλασία) is a mountain village and a community in the municipality of Kalavryta, Achaea, Greece.	Kato Vlasia	Greece
country	TS Maxim Gorkiy was, until 30 November 2008, a cruise ship owned by Sovcomflot, Russia, under long-term charter to Phoenix Reisen, Germany.	TS Maxim Gorkiy	Germany
country	Hajji Ghaldeh (Persian: حاجي غلده‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Ghaldeh) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hajji Ghaldeh	Iran
country	Stara Przysieka Pierwsza (ˈstara pʂɨˈɕɛka ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Stara Przysieka Pierwsza	Poland
country	Dole pod Sveto Trojico (pronounced (ˈdoːlɛ pɔt ˈsʋeːtɔ tɾɔˈjiːtsɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Dole pod Sveto Trojico	Slovenia
country	Uet era Ongael (Ongael Lake) is a marine lake located on Ongael island, Koror, in Palau.	Uet era Ongael	Palau
country	Stockholm City Hall (Swedish: Stockholms stadshus or Stadshuset locally) is the building of the Municipal Council for the City of Stockholm in Sweden.	Stockholm City Hall	Sweden
country	Mulago National Referral Hospital, commonly known as Mulago Hospital, is a hospital in Uganda.	Mulago Hospital	Uganda
country	Gazegah (Persian: گزگاه‎, also Romanized as Gazegāh) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gazegah	Iran
country	Kalateh-ye Keyani (Persian: كلاته كياني‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Keyānī) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Keyani	Iran
country	A Voz de Vilalba was a newspaper published in Vilalba, Spain between 1983 and 1986.	A Voz de Vilalba	Spain
country	Nicoll Highway (Chinese: 尼诰大道; Malay: Lebuhraya Nicoll) is a major arterial road in Singapore which links Kallang to the city.	Nicoll Highway	Singapore
country	Cupcini (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkupt͡ʃinʲ)) is a town in Edineţ district, Moldova.	Cupcini	Moldova
country	The Cali River is a river of western Colombia.	Cali River	Colombia
country	The Toronto French School (TFS), founded in 1962, is an independent, bilingual, co-educational, non-denominational school in midtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto French School	Canada
country	The Newcastle Permanent Building Society is a building society based in Newcastle, New South Wales in Australia.	Newcastle Permanent Building Society	Australia
country	Verkhnetulomsky (Russian: Верхнетуло́мский) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Kolsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula on the upper Tuloma River, 60 kilometers (37 mi) southwest of Murmansk.	Verkhnetulomsky	Russia
country	Silesian Zoological Garden (Polish: Śląski Ogród Zoologiczny) is a zoological garden in Poland.	Silesian Zoological Garden	Poland
country	Rūdiškės ( pronunciation , Polish: Rudziszki) is a city in the Trakai district municipality, Lithuania about 15 km south of Trakai.	Rūdiškės	Lithuania
country	Aşağı Ağcayazı (also, Ashaga Agdzhayazy and Ashagy Agdzhayazy) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Ağcayazı	Azerbaijan
country	Guastalla is a town and comune in the province of Reggio Emilia in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Guastalla	Italy
country	Motril is a town and municipality on the Mediterranean coast in the province of Granada, Spain.	Motril	Spain
country	Makoše (pronounced (ˈmaːkɔʃɛ); in older sources also Makovže, German: Makusche) is a settlement in the hills east of Dolenja Vas in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Makoše	Slovenia
country	Mutzschen (German pronunciation: (ˈmʊtʃən)) is a former town in the Leipzig district, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Mutzschen	Germany
country	Melsungen (German pronunciation: (ˈmɛlzʊŋən)) is a small climatic spa in the Schwalm-Eder district in northern Hesse, Germany.	Melsungen	Germany
country	The Sacro Convento is a Franciscan friary in Assisi, Umbria, Italy.	Sacro Convento	Italy
country	Le Lavandou (pronounced: (lə lavɑ̃du); Occitan: Lo Lavandor) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Le Lavandou	France
country	Vrahovice is a village in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic, near Prostějov, founded in 1337.	Vrahovice	Czech Republic
country	Kfar Ruth (Hebrew: כְּפַר רוּת, lit. Ruth's Village) is a moshav in Israel, located just west of the Green Line near Modi'in.	Kfar Ruth	Israel
country	Ekhagen Church (Swedish: Ekhagskyrkan) is a church building at Ekhagen in Jönköping in Sweden, belonging to the Kristina-Ljungarum of the Church of Sweden.	Ekhagen Church	Sweden
country	Bonwick Island is an island in the Broughton Archipelago in Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Bonwick Island	Canada
country	The Cabcharge account payment system was established in 1976 to provide a way to pay for taxi fares by non cash means throughout Australia and participating countries.	Cabcharge	Australia
country	Mount Gosford is a mountain located in southern Quebec, Canada, at the border with Maine.	Mount Gosford	Canada
country	Morava Airport (Serbian: Аеродром Mopaвa / Aerodrom Morava) (ICAO: LYKV), also known as Lađevci Airport (Serbian: Aеродром Лађевци / Aerodrom Lađevci), is a part public and part military airport in Lađevci near the city of Kraljevo, Serbia.	Morava Airport	Serbia
country	The Chitroptala river is a river in Orissa state, India.	Chitroptala river	India
country	Onicha Igboeze is a community in Onicha Local Government Area of Ebonyi State, Nigeria.	Onicha	Nigeria
country	Franche-Comté (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃ʃ kɔ̃te); literally ``Free County'', Frainc-Comtou dialect: Fraintche-Comtè; Arpitan: Franche-Comtât) is a former administrative region and a traditional province of eastern France.	Franche-Comté	France
country	Cotapata National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area (Parque Nacional y Área Natural de Manejo Integrado Cotapata) is a protected area in the Yungas of La Paz Department, Bolivia.	Cotapata National Park and Integrated Management Natural Area	Bolivia
country	Chadstone Shopping Centre is a super regional shopping centre located in the south-eastern suburb of Malvern East, Victoria in the city of Melbourne, Australia and is the biggest shopping centre in Australia and the Southern Hemisphere.	Chadstone Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Tribanj is a settlement in the municipality of Starigrad, Zadar County, maritime central Croatia.	Tribanj	Croatia
country	Imamovići (Serbian: Имамовићи) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Imamovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Milhosť (German: Mitterdeutschdorf, Mühlgast; Hungarian: Miglécnémeti) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Milhosť	Slovakia
country	The Lycée français Chateaubriand was founded in 1903 in Rome, Italy and hosts around 1 430 students from preschool to high school.	Lycée français Chateaubriand	Italy
country	Pilot crater is an impact crater in the Northwest Territories, Canada, just north of the Alberta border and near Fort Smith (54 km).	Pilot crater	Canada
country	Chey Saen District is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia.	Chey Saen District	Cambodia
country	The Eg River (Mongolian: Эгийн гол, Egiin gol ) is a river in the Khövsgöl and Bulgan aimags in northern Mongolia.	Eg River	Mongolia
country	Tondano is the capital of Minahasa Regency, comprissing four kecamatan, in Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Tondano	Indonesia
country	The Montagnes du Cibao (Mountains of Cibao) are located in Haiti.	Montagnes du Cibao	Haiti
country	Mangalore taluk is a taluk (subdistrict) in the Dakshina Kannada district, Karnataka on the western coast of India.	Mangalore taluk	India
country	The Rittner Horn (Italian: Corno del Renon; German: Rittner Horn) is a mountain in South Tyrol, Italy.	Rittner Horn	Italy
country	Vejen with a population of 9,518 (1 January 2014) is the main town in Vejen Municipality, Denmark.	Vejen	Denmark
country	Vigerslev Allé station is an S-train station in Copenhagen, Denmark servicing the ring line.	Vigerslev Allé station	Denmark
country	SF Rjukanfoss, prior to 1946 named Rjukanfos, was steam-powered railway ferry that operated between Mæl and Tinnoset on the lake Tinnsjø, Norway.	SF Rjukanfoss	Norway
country	Laufen District or Laufental District (French: District de Laufon) is one of the five districts of the largely German-speaking canton of Basel-Country, Switzerland.	Laufen District	Switzerland
country	Quily (Breton: Killi, meaning ``the forest'') is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Quily	France
country	The Museum Aristides Carlos Rodrigues is located at Avenue Pereira Rego, 1000, in the town of Candelária, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Museum Aristides Carlos Rodrigues	Brazil
country	Gordes is a commune in the Vaucluse département in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Gordes	France
country	Kingak Island is an island located within Coronation Gulf, south of Victoria Island, in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Kingak Island	Canada
country	Chalthan is a census town in Surat district in the state of Gujarat, India.	Chalthan	India
country	Đào Xá (chữ Hán: 陶舍 ``pottery hall''), is a very common name of many villages in rural northern Vietnam.	Đào Xá	Vietnam
country	Horgenzell is a municipality in Germany with 4528 inhabitants, near Ravensburg.	Horgenzell	Germany
country	The President of Veneto is the supreme authority of Veneto, a Region of Italy.	President of Veneto	Italy
country	After the establishment of the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949, Tangshan remained a provincially administered municipality with 12 areas under its jurisdiction.	Tangshan	People's Republic of China
country	The Parti Québécois (French: Parti québécois, PQ; pronounced: (paʁ.ti ke.be.kwa)) is a sovereignist provincial political party in Quebec in Canada.	Parti Québécois	Canada
country	Linden Railway Station is located on the North Island Main Trunk Railway (NIMT) in Linden, New Zealand and is part of the suburban rail network of Wellington.	Linden Railway Station	New Zealand
country	Joya de Cerén (Jewel of Cerén in the Spanish language) is an archaeological site in La Libertad Department, El Salvador, featuring a pre-Columbian Maya farming village preserved remarkably intact under layers of volcanic ash.	Joya de Cerén	El Salvador
country	Team Surprise are a synchronized skating team from Sweden.	Team Surprise	Sweden
country	Ambodimotso-Atsimo (also Ambodimotso or Ambodimotso Sud) is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Ambodimotso-Atsimo	Madagascar
country	The Hōsa Library (蓬左文庫) is a library located on the compound of the Ōzone Shimoyashiki in Nagoya, central Japan.	Hōsa Library	Japan
country	Ænes Church (Norwegian: Ænes kyrkje) is a parish church in Kvinnherad municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Ænes Church	Norway
country	The Vancouver Youth Symphony Orchestra, or VYSO, is a high-caliber orchestra for the youths located in Vancouver, Canada.	Vancouver Youth Symphony Orchestra	Canada
country	Dambana is a village within the Badulla District in Sri Lanka.	Dambana	Sri Lanka
country	İkinci Qaraçanlı (also, Qaraçanlı-2) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci Qaraçanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Tylawa (tɨˈlava) (Ukrainian: Тилява, Tyliava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Tylawa	Poland
country	Nikolaevo (Bulgarian: Николаево) is a small town in Stara Zagora Province, South-central Bulgaria.	Nikolaevo	Bulgaria
country	Brønnøysund (pronounced (ˈbrœnnœʏˈsʉn) ( listen)) is a town and the administrative centre of the municipality of Brønnøy, Norway.	Brønnøysund	Norway
country	Hadassah Medical Center (Hebrew: מרכז רפואי הדסה‎) is a medical organization that operates two university hospitals at Ein Kerem and Mount Scopus in Jerusalem, Israel, as well as schools of medicine, dentistry, nursing, and pharmacology affiliated with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Hadassah Medical Center	Israel
country	Geographe Bay is in the south-west of Western Australia around 220 km southwest of Perth.	Geographe Bay	Australia
country	The Anti-Atlas (Arabic: الأطلس الصغير‎), Lesser Atlas or Little Atlas is a mountain range in Morocco, a part of the Atlas Mountains in the northwest of Africa.	Anti-Atlas	Morocco
country	Węgierska Górka (vɛnˈɡʲɛrska ˈɡurka) is a village in Żywiec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in the historic province of Lesser Poland.	Węgierska Górka	Poland
country	Argakhtakh (Russian: Аргахтах; Yakut: Арҕахтаах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Alazeysky Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 140 kilometers (87 mi) from Srednekolymsk, the administrative center of the district.	Argakhtakh	Russia
country	Srpski Miletić (Serbian Cyrillic: Српски Милетић) (German: Militisch) is a village in Serbia.	Srpski Miletić	Serbia
country	Voryema Bay (Russian: губа Ворьема) is a body of water on the northwestern coast of the Kola Peninsula, border between Murmansk Oblast (Russia) and Norway.	Voryema Bay	Russia
country	Bumbuna is a town in the central of Tonkolili District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Bumbuna	Sierra Leone
country	Lake Taupo is a lake situated in the North Island of New Zealand.	Lake Taupo	New Zealand
country	The Ferrymead Two Foot Railway Society Inc. is a member society of Ferrymead Heritage Park, in Heathcote, Christchurch, New Zealand.	Ferrymead Two Foot Railway	New Zealand
country	Myggbukta, or Mosquito Bay, was a Norwegian whaling, radio and meteorology station located on the coast of Eastern Greenland in what is now called King Christian X Land.	Myggbukta	Greenland
country	The Frohnauer Hammer is an historic hammer mill in Frohnau, a village in the municipality of Annaberg-Buchholz in the Ore Mountains of southeast Germany.	Frohnauer Hammer	Germany
country	Podlom (pronounced (pɔˈdlɔm)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Podlom	Slovenia
country	The Istanbul Commerce University Faculty of Law or ICU Law (Turkish: İstanbul Ticaret Üniversitesi Hukuk Fakültesi or İTİCÜ Hukuk) is the law school of Istanbul Commerce University offering undergraduate and graduate programs, located in İstanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul Commerce University Faculty of Law	Turkey
country	The Unterlinden Museum (officially Musée Unterlinden) is located in Colmar, France, in the Alsace region.	Unterlinden Museum	France
country	Ghora is a village located near Tarutta in Pakistan Azad Jummah Kashmir.	Ghora	Pakistan
country	Gryfino (ɡrɨˈfʲinɔ) (German: Greifenhagen; Kashubian: Gripiewò; Pomeranian Low German: Gripenhagen) is a town in Pomerania, northwestern Poland with 22,500 inhabitants (2004).	Gryfino	Poland
country	Neuvy-en-Sullias is a commune in the Loiret department located in north-central France.	Neuvy-en-Sullias	France
country	The Eaton Arrowsmith School, which is modelled on the Toronto school and founded by Howard Eaton, was opened in 2005 in Vancouver, British Columbia with two further branches established in Canada and one in the United States between 2009 and 2014.	Arrowsmith School	Canada
country	Frolovo (Russian: Фро́лово) is a town in Volgograd Oblast, Russia, located on the Archeda River (Don's basin), 148 kilometers (92 mi) north of Volgograd, the administrative center of the oblast.	Frolovo	Russia
country	The Queich Valley Cycleway (German: Queichtalradweg) is a cycle path in Germany that runs from Hauenstein to Germersheim.	Queich Valley Cycleway	Germany
country	Vyšný Klátov (German: Beckseifen, Beckenseifen; Hungarian: Felsőtőkés) (1332/5 Superior Turastukes, 1397 Fel Teukes, 1400 Superior Bokkenzeifin, 1580 Ober-Beckseyffen) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Vyšný Klátov	Slovakia
country	Dzierzgonka (d͡ʑeʐˈɡɔnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Markusy, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dzierzgonka	Poland
country	Zabrežnik (pronounced (zaˈbɾeːʒnik)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills east of Selo in the Municipality of Žiri in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zabrežnik	Slovenia
country	The Lizard (Cornish: An Lysardh) is a peninsula in southern Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	The Lizard	United Kingdom
country	Annapurna High School is a private high school located in Mandapeta, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Annapurna High School	India
country	The Carrick River is a river of Fiordland, close to the southwesternmost point of New Zealand's South Island.	Carrick River	New Zealand
country	Hajiwala (Urdu: حاجیوالہ‎) is a village located in district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Hajiwala	Pakistan
country	Until 2011, CajaSur was a Spanish savings bank, run by the priests in the Catholic Church, located in Córdoba, Spain.	CajaSur	Spain
country	Jangal Kuh (Persian: جنگل كوه‎, also Romanized as Jangal Kūh) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Jangal Kuh	Iran
country	The Greytown Branch was a five-kilometre 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) branch line railway off the Wairarapa Line at Woodside in the Wairarapa district of New Zealand's North Island.	Greytown Branch	New Zealand
country	Hacı Zeynalabdin (also, Hacı Zeynalabdin Tağiyev, Nasoslu, Nasosnaya, Nasosnyy, and Nassosny) is a village and municipality in Sumqayit, Azerbaijan.	Hacı Zeynalabdin	Azerbaijan
country	Radmilovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Радмиловац) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia, and an experimental farm of the University of Belgrade's Faculty of Agriculture.	Radmilovac	Serbia
country	The University of Calgary (U of C or UCalgary) is a public research university located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	University of Calgary	Canada
country	Zabol Airport (IATA: ACZ, ICAO: OIZB) is an airport northeast of Zabol, Iran.	Zabol Airport	Iran
country	The Loretto Baths, in short Lollo, is the oldest open-air swimming pool in Germany.	Loretto Baths	Germany
country	Choghamish District (Persian: بخش چغامیش‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Choghamish District	Iran
country	Be'er Milka (Hebrew: בְּאֵר מִלְכָּה) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Be'er Milka	Israel
country	Magrane (Arabic: ﻣﻘﺮن‎) is a town and commune, and capital of Magrane District, in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Magrane	Algeria
country	The Goda Mountains lie northwest of the Gulf of Tadjoura, Tadjoura Region in Djibouti.	Goda Mountains	Djibouti
country	Located in Heraklion, the Technological Educational Institute of Crete (TEI CRETE; Greek: Τεχνολογικό Εκπαιδευτικό Ίδρυμα Κρήτης) was founded in 1983 to provide higher technological education to the students of Greece.	Technological Educational Institute of Crete	Greece
country	Dolenji Podšumberk (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji pɔˈtʃuːmbɛɾk)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Podšumberk	Slovenia
country	Cífer is a municipality (village) in the Trnava District, Slovakia.	Cífer	Slovakia
country	Joint Task Force (North) (French: Force opérationnelle interarmées du nord) is responsible for all Canadian Armed Forces operations and administration in northern Canada, namely the Yukon, Northwest Territories, Nunavut and the waters of the Arctic Ocean (within Canada) and Hudson Bay.	Joint Task Force (North)	Canada
country	Oreti Beach is the central bay of three lying on the Foveaux Strait coast of Southland, New Zealand, the others being Te Waewae Bay and Toetoes Bay.	Oreti Beach	New Zealand
country	The Red University Building (Ukrainian: Червоний корпус Київського університету; translit.: Chervonyi Korpus Universytetu, Russian: Красный корпус Киевского университета, translit. Krasnyi Korpus Universiteta) is the principal and oldest 4-story campus of the Kiev University located at 60 Volodymyrska Street, in Kiev, the capital of Ukraine.	Red University Building	Ukraine
country	The Uchi Subprovince is a Neoarchean volcanic sequence in Manitoba, Canada.	Uchi Subprovince	Canada
country	The Kurow Branch (also known as the Hakataramea Branch) was part of New Zealand's national rail network.	Kurow Branch	New Zealand
country	Gypsum Mine, Shiraz (Persian: معدن سنگ گچ‎ -- Ma``dan Sang-e Gech) is a villageand company town in Qarah Bagh Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 4 families.	Gypsum Mine, Shiraz	Iran
country	Vyazma River (Russian: Вязьма) is a river in the Smolensk Oblast in Russia.	Vyazma River	Russia
country	South Airlines (Ukrainian: Південні авіалінії, Russian: Южные авиалинии) was a charter airline based in Odessa, Ukraine.	South Airlines	Ukraine
country	Askola (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈaskola)) is a municipality of Finland.	Askola	Finland
country	Clonakilty (/ˈklɔːnæˌkɪltiː/; Irish: Cloich na Coillte, Clanna Chaoilte), is a town in County Cork, Ireland.	Clonakilty	Ireland
country	The Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric dam on the Drin River, in Albania, near Vau i Dejës.	Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station	Albania
country	Lombron Airfield is a former World War II airfield, located 1.0 km south-southwest of La Chapelle-Saint-Rémy in the Pays de la Loire region, France.	Lombron Airfield	France
country	Canadian Academy (CA; カナディアン・アカデミイ), founded in 1913, is an independent pre-K--12 international school in Higashinada-ku, Kobe, Japan on the man-made Rokko Island; more than 35 nationalities are represented in its student body.	Canadian Academy	Japan
country	Nova 93.7 (call sign: 6PER) is a commercial radio station in Perth, Western Australia.	Nova 93.7	Australia
country	Qahremanluy-e Sofla (Persian: قهرمانلوي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qahremānlūy-e Soflá; also known as Qahremānlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qahremanluy-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Sjoa river provides the outlet from lake Gjende at Gjendesheim in the Jotunheimen mountains of Norway's Jotunheim National Park.	Sjoa	Norway
country	Qassimiut (old spellings: Qagssimiut and Kagsimiut) is a settlement in the Kujalleq municipality in southern Greenland.	Qassimiut	Greenland
country	Aso Rock is a large outcrop that is on the outskirts of Abuja, the capital of Nigeria.	Aso Rock	Nigeria
country	Shree Singaji Thermal Power Project is a coal-fired power plant located near Dongaliya village of Khandwa District in Madhya Pradesh state of India.	Shree Singaji Thermal Power Project	India
country	Krokees (Greek: Κροκεές, before 1927: Λεβέτσοβο - Levetsovo) is a village and a former municipality in Laconia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Krokees	Greece
country	The Cairo Marriott Hotel is a large hotel located in the Zamalek district on Gezira Island, situated on the Nile, and just west of Downtown Cairo, Egypt.	Cairo Marriott Hotel	Egypt
country	The Clwydian Way (Welsh: Taith Clwyd) is a waymarked long-distance footpath in the United Kingdom running through Denbighshire in north east Wales.	Clwydian Way	United Kingdom
country	Bussière-Boffy (Occitan: Bussiéra Bòufin) is a former commune in the Haute-Vienne department in the Aquitaine-Limousin-Poitou-Charentes region in western France.	Bussière-Boffy	France
country	Nisli (also, Nesli) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nisli	Azerbaijan
country	The Gracar Turn (Slovene: Gracarjev turn, ``Grätzer's Tower;'' from German: Grätzer Turn) is a 14th-century castle on the northern outskirts of Hrastje in the Šentjernej municipality in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Gracar Turn	Slovenia
country	Zalingei Airport (IATA: ZLX, ICAO: HSZA) is an airport serving the city of Zalingei in the Central Darfur region of Sudan.	Zalingei Airport	Sudan
country	The Auckland volcanic field is an area of monogenetic volcanoes underlying much of the metropolitan area of Auckland, New Zealand's largest city, located in the North Island.	Auckland volcanic field	New Zealand
country	Hasankeyf (Northern Kurdish: Heskîf, Arabic: حصن كيفا‎, Greek: Κιφας, Latin: Cepha, from Syriac: ܚܨܢ ܟܐܦܐ‎ Ḥéṣn Kayfa) is an ancient town and district located along the Tigris River in the Batman Province in southeastern Turkey.	Hasankeyf	Turkey
country	Geilo Station (Norwegian: Geilo stasjon) is a railway station located at Geilo, Norway.	Geilo Station	Norway
country	Raimon Land Plc (/ˈraɪmɒn/; Thai: ไรมอน แลนด์) is a real estate developer in Thailand.	Raimon Land	Thailand
country	Força Réal is a rocky peak overlooking the region of Roussillon in Southern France.	Força Réal	France
country	Medinaceli (pronounced: (meðinaˈθeli)) is a municipality and town in the province of Soria (Spain).	Medinaceli	Spain
country	Nelson Mandela African Institute of Science and Technology (NM-AIST) is a public university in northern Tanzania based in Arusha City.	Nelson Mandela African Institute of Science and Technology	Tanzania
country	Achada Fazenda is a settlement in the eastern part of the island of Santiago, Cape Verde.	Achada Fazenda	Cape Verde
country	Tudjaat are Madeleine Allakariallak and Phoebe Atagotaaluk, two Inuit women from Nunavut, Canada who are keeping the ancient tradition of Inuit throat singing alive.	Tudjaat	Canada
country	Pizak Khalifehi (Persian: پيزك خليفه اي‎, also Romanized as Pīzak Khalīfeh'ī) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pizak Khalifehi	Iran
country	Deh Now-e Salar (Persian: ده نو سالار‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sālār; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Takab Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Salar	Iran
country	Ujazd-Huby (ˈujast ˈxubɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamieniec, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ujazd-Huby	Poland
country	Huchuy Qosqo is an archaeological site north of Cuzco, Peru.	Huchuy Qosqo	Peru
country	Masjid Al-Istiqamah, or Al-Istiqamah Mosque (Arabic: المسجد الإستقامة‎), is a mosque in Singapore which was completed in 1999.	Masjid Al-Istiqamah	Singapore
country	Osaka International School of Kwansei Gakuin (OIS, 関西学院大学インターナショナルスクール) is a coeducational international school, located in Minoh, Osaka Prefecture, Japan.	Osaka International School	Japan
country	Greater Union Organisation Pty Ltd, operating as Event Cinemas, Greater Union and Birch Carroll & Coyle (now BCC Cinemas), is a group of cinema multiplexes across Australia, New Zealand and Fiji.	Event Cinemas	Australia
country	Krümmel Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power plant in Geesthacht near Hamburg, Germany.	Krümmel Nuclear Power Plant	Germany
country	The Hammond School, is a specialist co-educational performing arts school based in Chester in the United Kingdom.	The Hammond School	United Kingdom
country	Pacific Western Airlines Ltd (IATA: PW, ICAO: PWA, Call sign: Pacific Western) was an airline that operated scheduled flights throughout western Canada and charter services around the world from the 1950s through the 1980s.	Pacific Western Airlines	Canada
country	The Spetses Museum is a diachronic museum in Spetses, Greece.	Spetses Museum	Greece
country	Xinyang (simplified Chinese: 信阳; traditional Chinese: 信陽; pinyin: Xìnyáng; postal: Sinyang) is a prefecture-level city in southeastern Henan province, People's Republic of China, the southernmost administrative division in the province.	Xinyang	People's Republic of China
country	Dragsmark Abbey (Swedish: Dragsmarks kloster) was a Premonstratensian canonry in Båhuslen, formerly Norway, now Bohuslän, Sweden.	Dragsmark Abbey	Sweden
country	Extertal is a municipality in the Lippe district of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, with c. 11,500 inhabitants (2013).	Extertal	Germany
country	But Airfield, also known as But West and But Drome, is a former World War II airfield near But, Papua New Guinea.	But Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Višķi (Latgalian:Vyški) is a village in Višķi Parish, Daugavpils Municipality in the Latgale region of Latvia.	Višķi	Latvia
country	Dourtenga is a small town in the Dourtenga Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso.	Dourtenga	Burkina Faso
country	Sirot Island is an island of Papua New Guinea, located in the Green Islands, east of New Ireland.	Sirot Island	Papua New Guinea
country	Titelberg (Luxembourgish: Tëtelbierg) is the site of a large Celtic settlement or oppidum in the extreme south west of Luxembourg.	Titelberg	Luxembourg
country	Kamień Krajeński (ˈkamʲɛɲ kraˈjɛɲskʲi) (Kamień Pomorski 1920-1945; German: Kamin in Westpreußen) is a town in Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,276 inhabitants (2004).	Kamień Krajeński	Poland
country	The Battle of Diabaly was fought between government forces of Mali, against groups of Islamists militants such as the AQIM and Ansar Dine.	Battle of Diabaly	Mali
country	The Military Hospital Rawalpindi is the largest hospital of the Pakistan Armed Forces, being one of the hospitals in the Pakistan Army with an ISO certification, located in the city of Rawalpindi.	Military Hospital Rawalpindi	Pakistan
country	Guiscriff (Breton: Gwiskri) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north-western France.	Guiscriff	France
country	The Exumas are known for fresh food and cultural significance to The Bahamas.	Exuma	The Bahamas
country	Selishtë is a village and a former municipality in the Dibër County, northeastern Albania.	Selishtë	Albania
country	Aukštupėnai mound or Kupiškis mound (Lithuanian: Aukštupėnų piliakalnis) is a hill fort in Kupiškis, Lithuania.	Aukštupėnai mound	Lithuania
country	Wałbrzych (ˈvau̯bʐɨx) (former German name: Waldenburg; Lower Silesian: Walmbrig or Walmbrich; Czech: Valbřich or Valdenburk) is a city in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland, with 120,197 inhabitants (31 December 2010).	Wałbrzych	Poland
country	The Château de Ham (also called fort or forteresse de Ham) is a castle in the commune of Ham in the Somme département in Picardy, France.	Château de Ham	France
country	Lake Engure Nature Park is a protected park in Latvia covering 197.62 km2 (76.30 sq mi).	Lake Engure Nature Park	Latvia
country	Yamethin is a town in central Burma (Myanmar) in Yamethin District, Mandalay Region.	Yamethin	Myanmar
country	Baljkovac (Serbian: Баљковац) is a village in Pivara municipality of Kragujevac in the Šumadija District of central Serbia.	Baljkovac	Serbia
country	Sangan-e Bala Khvaf (Persian: سنگان بالاخواف‎, also Romanized as Sangān-e Bālā Khvāf; also known as Sangān, Sangūn, and Sāngūn-e Bālā) is a village in Astaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Rashtkhvar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sangan-e Bala Khvaf	Iran
country	Monestiés (Occitan: Monestièr, meaning monastery) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.	Monestiés	France
country	J&L Supply Co. Ltd. is an oil supply company based in Canada.	J&L Supply Co.	Canada
country	Dharanawas is a Jagir village of varansurya charan caste in Jalore district of Rajasthan, India.	Dharanawas	India
country	Club Street (simplified Chinese: 客纳街; traditional Chinese: 客納街) is a street located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore.	Club Street	Singapore
country	El Pozo is a small town located about 20 minutes northeast of Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico.	El Pozo	Mexico
country	Šušanj (pronounced (ʃûːʃaɲ)) is a small town in Montenegro.	Šušanj	Montenegro
country	Xankeçən (also, Khankechan) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xankeçən	Azerbaijan
country	Nuugaatsiaq (old spelling: Nûgâtsiaq) (IATA: JUU) is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality, in northwestern Greenland, located on an island off the southern coast of Sigguup Nunaa peninsula, in the Uummannaq Fjord basin.	Nuugaatsiaq	Greenland
country	Stone wall in Takanawa seashore (高輪海岸の石垣石, Takanawa kaigan no ishigaki ishi) is a historical place in Takanawa 1 chome, Minato, Tokyo, Japan.	Stone wall in Takanawa seashore	Japan
country	Heydarabad-e Baba Monir (Persian: حيدرابادبابامنير‎, also Romanized as Ḩeydarābād-e Bābā Monīr; also known as Ḩeydarābād) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Heydarabad-e Baba Monir	Iran
country	The Chichester Range is a range in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Chichester Range	Australia
country	Winfrith Atomic Energy Establishment (or AEE Winfrith) was a United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority site near Winfrith Newburgh in Dorset.	Winfrith	United Kingdom
country	Zhangping (Chinese: 漳平; pinyin: Zhāngpíng; POJ: Chiang-pêng) is a city in the southwest of Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Zhangping	People's Republic of China
country	Ugchelen is part of the municipality of Apeldoorn in the Gelderland province of the Netherlands, and is today seen as a neighbourhood of Apeldoorn.	Ugchelen	Netherlands
country	Al-Riqama (Arabic: الرقاما‎, also spelled ar-Raqamah) is a town in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located 34 kilometers southeast of Homs.	Al-Riqama	Syria
country	Skagen Lighthouse (Danish: Skagen Fyr), also known as Skagen's Grey Lighthouse (Det Grå Fyr), is an active lighthouse 4 km (2.5 mi) northeast of Skagen in the far north of Jutland, Denmark.	Skagen Lighthouse	Denmark
country	The Pinacoteca metropolitana di Bari or Painting Gallery of Metropolitan City of Bari is a public gallery of paintings and museum of artworks in the city of Bari, Italy.	Pinacoteca metropolitana di Bari	Italy
country	Calgary-Glenmore formally styled Calgary Glenmore from 1957 to 1971 is a provincial electoral district in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Calgary-Glenmore	Canada
country	Maguire, Ontario was a small agricultural supply based community which formerly stood at what is today the intersection of Adare Drive and Maguire Road, in the municipality of North Middlesex, Ontario Canada, in former McGillivray Township.	Maguire, Ontario	Canada
country	Gozdec (pronounced (ˈɡoːzdəts) or (ɡɔˈzdəts)) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Gozdec	Slovenia
country	The earliest known historical mention of the Pyramid of Ameny Qemau is found in the book of the medieval Arab historian Taqi al-Din Ahmad Al-Maqrizi ``Geography and History of Egypt'' where Al-Maqrizi describes the ``pyramids of Dashur''.	Pyramid of Ameny Qemau	Egypt
country	Jåttå Station (Norwegian: Jåttå holdeplass) is a railway station located at Jåttå in Stavanger, Norway.	Jåttå Station	Norway
country	The Transport and Logistics Centre (TALC) is a national policy and practice research centre based in Sydney, Australia.	Transport and Logistics Centre	Australia
country	Polydendri (Greek: Πολυδένδρι, English: ``Many trees'') is a town and former community of East Attica, Greece.	Polydendri	Greece
country	Rzeszów Voivodeship (Polish: województwo rzeszowskie) can refer to one of two political entities in Poland:	Rzeszów Voivodeship	Poland
country	The Church of St. Francis of Assisi was built in 1661 by the Portuguese in the Portuguese Viceroyalty of India.	Church of St. Francis of Assisi	India
country	Sky Deutschland AG, branded as Sky, is a German media company which operates a Direct Broadcast Satellite Pay TV platform in Germany, Austria and Switzerland (through Teleclub) offering a collection of basic and premium digital subscription television channels of different categories via Satellite and Cable Television.	Sky Deutschland	Germany
country	The Second Gyeongin Expressway(Korean: 제2경인고속도로, Je-I(2) Gyeongin Gosok Doro) is a freeway in South Korea, connecting Incheon to Anyang.	Second Gyeongin Expressway	South Korea
country	Samtse, near the Indian border town of Chamurchi, is a town in Samtse District, Bhutan.	Samtse	Bhutan
country	Östra Södermanlands Järnväg (Ö.Sl.J.), Eastern Södermanland Railway is a 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in) narrow gauge railway in Mariefred, Sweden.	Östra Södermanlands Järnväg	Sweden
country	Ārlava parish (Latvian: Ārlavas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Talsi Municipality, Latvia.	Ārlava parish	Latvia
country	Rakulik (pronounced (ɾaˈkuːlik)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Hruševje in the Municipality of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rakulik	Slovenia
country	Most common surnames in Angus (Forfarshire) at the time of the United Kingdom Census of 1881: 1.	Angus	United Kingdom
country	Rafah (Arabic: رفح‎) is a Palestinian city and refugee camp in the southern Gaza Strip.	Rafah	Gaza Strip
country	The Ashbridges Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant is the city of Toronto's main sewage treatment facility, and the second largest such plant in Canada after Montreal's Jean-R. Marcotte facility.	Ashbridges Bay Wastewater Treatment Plant	Canada
country	Ugniewo (uɡˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrów Mazowiecka, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ugniewo	Poland
country	Shenhu (simplified Chinese: 深沪; traditional Chinese: 深滬; pinyin: Shēnhù) is a town on the southern coast of Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Shenhu	People's Republic of China
country	Shwebo District is a district in south-central Sagaing Division of Burma (Myanmar).	Shwebo District	Myanmar
country	San Antonio de Ibarra is a city in northern Ecuador that lies at the foot of the Imbabura Volcano and on the left bank of the Tahuando River in Imbabura Province.	San Antonio de Ibarra	Ecuador
country	Rzeczków-Kolonia (ˈʐɛt͡ʂkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rzeczków-Kolonia	Poland
country	Nosara is a village and district in the Nicoya canton, Guanacaste province of Costa Rica on the Pacific Coast.	Nosara	Costa Rica
country	Kazan metropolitan area is one of the largest areas, located in Russia, which includes the cities and districts of Tatarstan and Mari El republics.	Kazan metropolitan area	Russia
country	The church of San Biagio Maggiore is a small former religious edifice located in the city center of Naples, Italy, at the intersection of Via San Biagio dei Librai and Via San Gregorio Armeno.	San Biagio Maggiore	Italy
country	Sijilmasa (also Sijilmassa, Sidjilmasa, Sidjilmassa and Sigilmassa) was a medieval Moroccan city and trade entrepôt at the northern edge of the Sahara Desert in Morocco.	Sijilmasa	Morocco
country	La Chapelle-Caro (Chapel-Karozh in Breton) is a former commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	La Chapelle-Caro	France
country	Pethelinos (Greek: Πεθελινός) is a small village in the Serres regional unit of Central Macedonia, Greece 22 km away from the town of Serres, and 2.5 km from the Strymon River.	Pethelinos	Greece
country	Pain Kuyakh (Persian: پايين كويخ‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Kūyakh; also known as Kūyakh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Kuyakh	Iran
country	The ``Stormwater Management And Road Tunnel'' or ``SMART Tunnel'', is a storm drainage and road structure in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and a major national project in the country.	SMART Tunnel	Malaysia
country	The Banks Peninsula Track is a 35 kilometre tramping track on the Banks Peninsula on the South Island of New Zealand in the Canterbury region.	Banks Peninsula Track	New Zealand
country	Lautaro Airport (ICAO: SCLA) is a public use airport located 5 kilometres (3 mi) southeast of Lautaro, La Araucanía, Chile.	Lautaro Airport	Chile
country	Kurram River (Pashto: د کرمې سيند‎) is located in Paktia and Khost provinces of Afghanistan and Kurram Agency, North Waziristan Agency and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Kurram River	Afghanistan	Pakistan
country	Hobhouse Inlet is a body of water in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Hobhouse Inlet	Canada
country	Lwamondo is a village in the Vhembe District Municipality, of Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Lwamondo	South Africa
country	Piz Zupò (3,996 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Italy.	Piz Zupò	Switzerland	Italy
country	Porto Sant'Elpidio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpɔrto santelˈpiːdjo)) is a coastal town in the province of Fermo, Marche, Italy.	Porto Sant'Elpidio	Italy
country	Y Island is a small island located in the Exmouth Gulf of Western Australia.	Y Island	Australia
country	The Parliament of Wallonia (French: Parlement de Wallonie), formerly the Walloon Parliament (Parlement wallon) and previously the Walloon Regional Council (Conseil régional wallon), is the Parliament of Wallonia, one of the self-governing Regions of Belgium with Flanders and the Brussels-Capital Region.	Parliament of Wallonia	Belgium
country	Ilkhchi (Persian: ایلخچی‎‎, also Romanized as Īlkhchī; Azerbaijani: Ilxıçı) is a town in and the capital of Ilkhchi District, in Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ilkhchi	Iran
country	Druskininkai ((ˈd̪rʊs̪ʲkʲɪn̪ʲɪŋkɐɪ), Polish: Druskieniki, Belarusian: Друскенiкi) is a spa town on the Nemunas River in southern Lithuania, close to the borders of Belarus and Poland.	Druskininkai	Lithuania
country	Ramułtowice (ramuu̯tɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ramułtowice	Poland
country	San Salvatore a Camaldoli is a Renaissance-style, former Roman Catholic church and convent located in front of Piazza Tasso, in the quartiere of Oltrarno, Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Salvatore a Camaldoli	Italy
country	Alba Adriatica is a town and comune with 12,386 residents (2014) in the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region of central eastern Italy.	Alba Adriatica	Italy
country	Beit Shikma (Hebrew: בֵּית שִׁקְמָה, lit. House of Sycamore) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Beit Shikma	Israel
country	Puzhakkal River is a westward flowing river in Thrissur District of Kerala State in India.	Puzhakkal River	India
country	Weiden an der March is a municipality in the district of Gänserndorf in Lower Austria, Austria.	Weiden an der March	Austria
country	Dębno Poproboszczowskie (ˈdɛmbnɔ pɔprɔbɔʂˈt͡ʂɔfskʲɛ) (German: Bischofseichen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dębno Poproboszczowskie	Poland
country	Wikimedia UK (WMUK) is a registered charity established to support volunteers in the United Kingdom who work on Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia.	Wikimedia UK	United Kingdom
country	Puntiagudo-Cordón Cenizos (Spanish pronunciation: (puntjaˈɣuðo korˈðon seˈnisos)) is a snow-capped volcanic chain located in the Andes, in Los Lagos Region of Chile, near Volcán Osorno.	Puntiagudo-Cordón Cenizos	Chile
country	Vranje (Serbian Cyrillic: Врање, pronounced (ʋrâɲɛ)) is a city and municipality in southern Serbia.	Vranje	Serbia
country	Lawa Anapaike Airstrip (ICAO: SMLA) is an airstrip located near the Indian village of Kawemhakan in Suriname.	Lawa Anapaike Airstrip	Suriname
country	Santiago de Cali (Spanish pronunciation: (sanˈtjaɣo ðe ˈkali)), usually known by its short name ``Cali'', is the capital of the Valle del Cauca department, and the most populous city in Southwestern Colombia, with an estimated 2,319,655 residents according to 2005-2020/DANE population projections.	Cali	Colombia
country	Klíny (German Göhren) is a village and municipality (obec) in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Klíny	Czech Republic
country	Ballons is a commune in the department of Drôme in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.	Ballons	France
country	Finiq (Albanian: Finiq or Finiqi, Greek: Φοινίκη, Finiki or Phoenice) is a town and municipality in southern Albania located 8 km from the Ionian Sea and 20 km north of the Greek border.	Finiq	Albania
country	Skopin (Russian: Скопин) is a town in Ryazan Oblast, Russia, located on the Vyorda River (Oka's basin) 109 kilometers (68 mi) southwest of Ryazan.	Skopin	Russia
country	Gamcheon-dong is a subdivision of Saha-gu district in central-west Busan, South Korea.	Gamcheon-dong	South Korea
country	Krotoszyny (krɔtɔˈʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krotoszyny	Poland
country	Tjärven is the name of a small island and light station surrounded by deep water and located in the sea of Åland, north of the Söderarm archipelago of the coast of Sweden.	Tjärven	Sweden
country	Figure skating at the 1988 Winter Olympics took place at the Stampede Corral, the Olympic Saddledome, and the Father David Bauer Olympic Arena in Calgary, Canada.	Figure skating at the 1988 Winter Olympics	Canada
country	Rosolin (rɔˈsɔlʲin) (Ukrainian: Росолин, Rosolyn) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Rosolin	Poland
country	Madras School of Economics is an institution of higher education in economics, located in Chennai, India.	Madras School of Economics	India
country	The Headwall Lakes are in a valley south-east of Mount Chester in Kananaskis Country in Alberta, Canada.	Headwall Lakes	Canada
country	Minkend (Azerbaijani: Minkənd; and Hak -- Armenian: Հակ) is a village in the Lachin district of Azerbaijan.	Minkend	Azerbaijan
country	Alassoya is a town and sub-prefecture in the Forécariah Prefecture in the Kindia Region of western Guinea.	Alassoya	Guinea
country	Heiss Island (Russian: Остров Хейса; Ostrov Kheysa) is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Heiss Island	Russia
country	Bratuszyn (braˈtuʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bratuszyn	Poland
country	Santa Maria del Sasso, also known as the Sanctuary of Santa Maria del Sasso is a Renaissance church near Bibbiena in Tuscany, Italy.	Santa Maria del Sasso	Italy
country	The Islands Region is one of four regions of Papua New Guinea (PNG) comprising the Bismarck Archipelago and northeastern Solomon Islands Archipelago, located northeast of the mainland on eastern New Guinea island.	Islands Region	Papua New Guinea
country	The Nibelungen Museum Worms in Worms, Germany, started in 2001 and is dedicated to the Nibelungensage.	Nibelungen Museum Worms	Germany
country	The Bank Notes Tax Act 1910 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which imposed a prohibitive tax on banknotes issued by banks.	Bank Notes Tax Act 1910	Australia
country	Brieštie is a village and municipality in Turčianske Teplice District in the Žilina Region of northern central Slovakia.	Brieštie	Slovakia
country	Sabkhat Matti is a dry lake on the border between Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.	Sabkhat Matti	Saudi Arabia	United Arab Emirates
country	Astrolabe Bay is a large body of water off the south coast of Madang Province, Papua New Guinea, located at 5.35°S 145.9166667°E. It is a part of the Bismarck Sea and stretches from the Cape Iris in the south to the Cape Croisilles to the north.	Astrolabe Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	The Yaselda River (Belarusian: Ясельда, (ˈjasʲelʲda)) is a river in Brest Province in south-west Belarus.	Yaselda River	Belarus
country	Grafschaft Abbey (German: Kloster Grafschaft) is a community of the Sisters of Mercy of Saint Charles Borromeo, formerly a Benedictine monastery, in Schmallenberg in the Sauerland, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Grafschaft Abbey	Germany
country	The Gare de Longuerue-Vieux-Manoir (Longuerue-Vieux-Manoir station) is a railway station located in the commune of Vieux-Manoir in the Seine-Maritime department, France, near Longuerue.	Gare de Longuerue-Vieux-Manoir	France
country	Silsangsa Temple (Hangul: 실상사; hanja: 實相寺) is a temple of the Jogye Order located in Namwon, North Jeolla Province, South Korea.	Silsangsa	South Korea
country	Gething Formation is a stratigraphic unit of Lower Cretaceous (Aptian) age in the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin.	Gething Formation	Canada
country	Mohammadeh (Persian: محمده‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadeh and Muhammadeh; also known as Maḩmara) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District, Khav and Mirabad District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mohammadeh	Iran
country	Hagaz (Hagat) is a town in central Eritrea.	Hagaz	Eritrea
country	Alphen Dam is a small dam in the Bonte River near Stellenbosch, Western Cape province of South Africa.	Alphen Dam	South Africa
country	Stare Kurowo (ˈstarɛ kuˈrɔvɔ) is a village in Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Stare Kurowo	Poland
country	Baiae, known in modern Italian as Baia, was a mineral springs and coastal resort on the northwest shore of the Gulf of Naples in ancient Italy.	Baiae	Italy
country	Gammel Køgegård is a manor house located just west of Køge, Denmark.	Gammel Køgegård	Denmark
country	Mbunia is a small town in North Kivu in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mbunia	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Žirovše (pronounced (ˈʒiːɾɔu̯ʃɛ); in older sources also Sirovše, German: Sirousche) is a small settlement east of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žirovše	Slovenia
country	Lacrima di Morro d'Alba is a denominazione di origine controllata red wine that is produced in the province of Ancona, in Marche, Italy.	Lacrima di Morro d'Alba	Italy
country	Tavshut (Armenian: Թավշուտ, also Romanized as T’avshut; formerly, Tazakend and Tazagyukh) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Tavshut	Armenia
country	Papatea Bay is one of numerous small bays which lie between the eastern end of the Bay of Plenty and East Cape in the northeast of New Zealand's North Island.	Papatea Bay	New Zealand
country	Asuny (aˈsunɨ) (German Assaunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Asuny	Poland
country	Curicó (kūrēkō'), meaning ``Black Waters'' in Mapudungun (originally meaning ``Land of Black Water''), is the capital city of the Curicó Province, part of the Maule Region in Chile's central valley.	Curicó	Chile
country	The PS Medway Queen is a paddle driven steamship, the only mobile estuary paddle steamer left in the United Kingdom.	PS Medway Queen	United Kingdom
country	Rovigo railway station (Italian: Stazione di Rovigo) serves the town and comune of Rovigo, in the Veneto region, northeastern Italy.	Rovigo railway station	Italy
country	Barkestad is a fishing village on the island of Dyrøya in the Vesterålen archipelago in Norway.	Barkestad	Norway
country	Logonna-Daoulas (Breton: Logonna-Daoulaz) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Logonna-Daoulas	France
country	Morondava Airport is an airport in Morondava, Menabe Region, Madagascar (IATA: MOQ, ICAO: FMMV).	Morondava Airport	Madagascar
country	Dukwon High School is a high school in Daegu, South Korea.	Dukwon High School	South Korea
country	Cape Apostolos Andreas (Greek: Ακρωτήριο Αποστόλου Ανδρέα; Greek translation Cape Saint Andrew, Turkish: Zafer Burnu; Turkish translation, Cape Victory) is the north-easternmost point (promontory) of the Mediterranean island of Cyprus (35°41.70′N 34°35.20′E).	Cape Apostolos Andreas	Cyprus
country	Ichalkaranji is in western India about 425 kilometres (264 mi) southeast of Mumbai.	Ichalkaranji	India
country	Tarłów (ˈtarwuf) is a village (a town in 1550-1870) in Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tarłów	Poland
country	Emblematic of Portuguese medieval military architecture, the Castle of Santa Maria da Feira is one of the monuments that best reflects the diversity of defenses used during the Middle Ages, having been instrumental in the process of Reconquista and autonomy of the County of Portugal.	Castle of Santa Maria da Feira	Portugal
country	North Wagga Wagga (informally called North Wagga) is an inner northern suburb of Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia, located on the floodplain of the Murrumbidgee River, directly across from the city's Central Business District.	North Wagga Wagga	Australia
country	Złotki-Przeczki (ˈzwɔtki ˈpʂɛt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Złotki-Przeczki	Poland
country	Clervaux railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Klierf, French: Gare de Clervaux, German: Bahnhof Clerf) is a railway station serving Clervaux, in northern Luxembourg.	Clervaux railway station	Luxembourg
country	The river begins at the southern end of Grand Lake at the community of Jemseg, where it is bridged by Route 2, the Trans-Canada Highway, using the new Jemseg River High Level Crossing twin bridges which opened in October 2002.	Jemseg River	Canada
country	Lake Yliki (Greek: Υλίκη Yliki, Ancient Greek: Ὑλικὴ Hylike, Latinised as Hylica) is a large natural lake of Boeotia, central Greece.	Lake Yliki	Greece
country	Mir Hoseynlu (Persian: ميرحسينلو‎, also Romanized as Mīr Ḩoseynlū) is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mir Hoseynlu	Iran
country	Alliance for Veneto (Alleanza per il Veneto, AdV) was a short-lived centrist political party in Veneto, that was the section of Alliance for Italy (ApI) in Veneto.	Alliance for Veneto	Italy
country	Alucheh-ye Fuladlu (Persian: الوچه فولادلو‎, also Romanized as Ālūcheh-ye Fūlādlū; also known as Ālūcheh) is a village in Fuladlui Shomali Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Alucheh-ye Fuladlu	Iran
country	The Calgary International Reggae Festival is an annual event in Calgary, Alberta, Canada that is organized by the Calgary Reggae Festival Society.	Calgary International Reggae Festival	Canada
country	Khanki Headworks is a headworks situated on the River Chenab in Gujranwala District of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khanki Headworks	Pakistan
country	Santhebennur is a panchayat town in the Davanagere district of the state of Karnataka, India.	Santhebennur	India
country	Leskovec pri Krškem (pronounced (lɛˈskɔːʋəts pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm) or (lɛˈskoːʋəts pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm); German: Haselbach) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Leskovec pri Krškem	Slovenia
country	Takisan Tōshō-gū (滝山東照宮) is a Shinto shrine in Okazaki, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.	Takisan Tōshō-gū	Japan
country	The Porsanger Peninsula (Norwegian: Porsangerhalvøya) is a peninsula in Finnmark county, Norway.	Porsanger Peninsula	Norway
country	The Château de Luzech (also known as the Tour de Luzech) is a ruined castle in the commune of Luzech in the Lot département of France.	Château de Luzech	France
country	École secondaire Étienne-Brûlé (French pronunciation: ​(ekɔl səɡɔ̃dɛʁ etjɛn bʁyle)) is a French-language public high school located in North York, Ontario, Canada part of the Conseil scolaire Viamonde.	École secondaire Étienne-Brûlé	Canada
country	Šargovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Шарговац) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Šargovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pudo is a town in Upper West Region in northern Ghana near the border with Burkina Faso.	Pudo	Ghana
country	Saint-Genès-Champanelle (Sant Genèst Champanèla in Occitan) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	Saint-Genès-Champanelle	France
country	Sunway University is a university with a 9 hectare (22 acre) campus in Subang Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia.	Sunway University	Malaysia
country	Jumeirah Bay is a complex containing three skyscrapers in Jumeirah Lake Towers, Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Jumeirah Bay	United Arab Emirates
country	Sandesneben is a village in the district of Lauenburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Sandesneben	Germany
country	Longerakvatnet or Longeraksvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Longerakvatnet	Norway
country	İmambağı (also, Imambagi) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İmambağı	Azerbaijan
country	The Edict of Versailles, commonly known as the Edict of Tolerance, was an official act that gave non-Catholics in France the right to openly practice their religions as well as legal and civil status, which included the right to contract marriages without having to convert to the Catholic faith.	Edict of Versailles	France
country	Dlhá Ves (Hungarian: Gömörhosszúszó) is a village and municipality in the Rožňava District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Dlhá Ves	Slovakia
country	Parga (Greek: Πάργα (ˈpaɾɣa)) is a town and municipality located in the northwestern part of the regional unit of Preveza in Epirus, northwestern Greece.	Parga	Greece
country	You Ping is a village located west of Botou City in Hebei province, People's Republic of China.	You Ping	People's Republic of China
country	Cerovlje (Italian: Cerreto) is both a village and the surrounding municipality (group of villages gathered together for governmental purposes); it is at the centre of the northern boundary of the Istrian peninsula in Croatia.	Cerovlje	Croatia
country	Ko Tao (also often Koh Tao, Thai: เกาะเต่า, Thai pronunciation: (kɔ̀ʔ tàw), lit. ``Turtle Island'') is an island in Thailand and forms part of the Chumphon Archipelago on the western shore of the Gulf of Thailand.	Ko Tao	Thailand
country	The Summit railway station is located on the Southern line in Queensland, Australia.	The Summit railway station	Australia
country	The ruins of Spiš Castle (Slovak: Spišský hrad, pronunciation ; Hungarian: Szepesi vár; German: Zipser Burg) in eastern Slovakia form one of the largest castle sites in Central Europe.	Spiš Castle	Slovakia
country	CHNU-DT, virtual channel 66 (UHF digital channel 47), is an Independent television station serving southwestern British Columbia, Canada, including Metro Vancouver, Victoria, the Fraser Valley and surrounding areas.	CHNU-DT	Canada
country	Chamarel is a village in Mauritius located in Rivière Noire District, the eastern part of the village also lies in the Savanne District.	Chamarel	Mauritius
country	Cayurruca is a hamlet (Spanish: caserío) located in the commune of Río Bueno in Los Ríos Region, southern Chile.	Cayurruca	Chile
country	Bnei Netzarim (Hebrew: בְּנֵי נְצָרִים, lit. Sons of Netzarim) is a moshav in the southern Hevel Shalom area in Israel.	Bnei Netzarim	Israel
country	Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus or Shree Chhattrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus is the main railway terminus in the city of Kolhapur, India.	Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj Terminus	India
country	The Sheepdogs became the first unsigned band to make the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine in 2011 and have since grown to popularity in Canada and the United States.	The Sheepdogs	Canada
country	Karadžićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Караџићево) is village in Croatia, municipality Markušica, Vukovar-Srijem County.	Karadžićevo	Croatia
country	The Victorian Ranger Association (VRA) was established in the early 1980s to represent Park Rangers and their professional interests in the management of natural and cultural assets in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Ranger Association	Australia
country	Yekkeh Tut-e Sofla (Persian: يكه توت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Yekkeh Tūt-e Soflá; also known as Yekkeh Tūt) is a village in Kabud Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Yekkeh Tut-e Sofla	Iran
country	Ramanathan College (Tamil: இராமநாதன் கல்லூரி Irāmanātaṉ Kallūri) is a provincial school in Maruthanarmadam near Chunnakam, Sri Lanka.	Ramanathan College	Sri Lanka
country	Sukhteh Chal (Persian: سوخته چال‎, also Romanized as Sūkhteh Chāl) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sukhteh Chal	Iran
country	Robben Island (Afrikaans: Robbeneiland) is an island in Table Bay, 6.9 km west of the coast of Bloubergstrand, Cape Town, South Africa.	Robben Island	South Africa
country	Grey Gull Records was a record label based in Boston, Massachusetts, United States of America from 1919 through 1930.	Grey Gull Records	United States of America
country	The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine (Ukrainian: Верхо́вна Ра́да Украї́ни, Ukrainian abbreviation ВРУ; literally Supreme Council of Ukraine), often simply Verkhovna Rada or just Rada, is the unicameral parliament of Ukraine.	Verkhovna Rada	Ukraine
country	Farol da Lapa or Lapa Light is a lighthouse in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal, on the seaport of Póvoa de Varzim in Póvoa Bay.	Farol da Lapa	Portugal
country	The Palinkopf (also spelled Paliner Kopf) (2,864 m) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps, located on the border between Switzerland and Austria.	Palinkopf	Switzerland	Austria
country	Puncak Alam is a main township in Kuala Selangor district in Selangor, Malaysia.	Puncak Alam	Malaysia
country	Gradišče pri Trebnjem (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdiːʃtʃɛ pɾi ˈtɾeːbnjɛm)) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gradišče pri Trebnjem	Slovenia
country	The Arboretum Vilmorin (4 hectares) is a private arboretum located at 2 rue d'Estienne d'Orves, Verrières-le-Buisson, Essonne, Île-de-France, France.	Arboretum Vilmorin	France
country	Vallensbæk is a seaside western suburb of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vallensbæk	Denmark
country	Poniatowa concentration camp in the town of Poniatowa in occupied Poland, 36 kilometres (22 mi) west of Lublin, was established by the SS in the latter half of 1941 initially, to hold Soviet prisoners of war following Operation Barbarossa.	Poniatowa concentration camp	Poland
country	Korase is a small village in Minuwangoda Divisional Secretariat of Sri Lanka, with lush green surroundings.	Korase	Sri Lanka
country	Hülscheid is a village in district Märkischer Kreis, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hülscheid	Germany
country	Niekrasów (ɲeˈkrasuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Niekrasów	Poland
country	Kalachah (Persian: كلاچاه‎, also Romanized as Kalāchāh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalachah	Iran
country	The Canton of Roquevaire is a former canton located within the Bouches-du-Rhône department of France.	Canton of Roquevaire	France
country	Hadzhidimitrovo (or Hadzhi Dimitrovo) is an archaeological site near the city of Jambol in the southeast of Bulgaria where polished stone tools from the Late Neolithic were found.	Hadzhidimitrovo	Bulgaria
country	Racha (also Račha, Georgian: რაჭა, Račʼa) is a highland area in western Georgia, located in the upper Rioni river valley and hemmed in by the Greater Caucasus mountains.	Racha	Georgia
country	Cártama is a town and municipality in the province of Málaga, part of the autonomous community of Andalusia, southern Spain.	Cártama	Spain
country	The MV Krait is a wooden hulled vessel famous for its use during World War II by the Z Special Unit (Z Force) of Australia during the raid against Japanese ships anchored in Singapore Harbour.	MV Krait	Australia
country	Greek National Road 38 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 38, abbreviated as EO38) is a single carriageway road in western and central Greece.	Greek National Road 38	Greece
country	Dueodde Lighthouse is Denmark's tallest lighthouse and one of the most important lighthouses of the Baltic Sea.	Dueodde Lighthouse	Denmark
country	Bučečovci (pronounced (butʃɛˈtʃoːu̯tsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Bučečovci	Slovenia
country	Livny (Russian: Ливны; IPA: (ˈlʲivnɨ)) is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia.	Livny	Russia
country	Dul Golab (Persian: دول گلاب‎, also Romanized as Dūl Golāb) is a village in Hendmini Rural District, Badreh District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Dul Golab	Iran
country	Möðrudalur is a farm settlement in Norður-Múlasýsla in Eastern Iceland, and the highest inhabited place in the country, at 469 m (1,539 ft) above sea level.	Möðrudalur	Iceland
country	Lothey (Breton: Lotei) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.	Lothey	France
country	Farallones de Cali is a cluster of mountains in the West Andes of Colombia.	Farallones de Cali	Colombia
country	Tullisaari (Finnish), Turholm (Swedish) is a southeastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Tullisaari	Finland
country	Jarusan (Persian: جاروسان‎, also Romanized as Jārusān) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Jarusan	Iran
country	The Teatro Nacional de São Carlos (Portuguese pronunciation: (tiˈatɾu nɐsiuˈnaɫ dɨ sɐ̃w̃ ˈkaɾluʃ)) (National Theatre of Saint Charles) is an opera house in Lisbon, Portugal.	Teatro Nacional de São Carlos	Portugal
country	The Château de Dinan consists of a keep, in the town of Dinan, in the Côtes-d'Armor département of the Brittany region of France.	Château de Dinan	France
country	Raymond Terrace is a town in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia, about 26 km (16 mi) by road north of Newcastle on the Pacific Highway.	Raymond Terrace	Australia
country	Galaro (Greek: Γαλάρο) is a settlement on the island of Zakynthos, Greece.	Galaro	Greece
country	Bétera (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈbeteɾa)) is a municipality in the comarca of Camp de Túria in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Bétera	Spain
country	Panikoili is a city in Jajapur district of Odisha state of eastern India.	Panikoili	India
country	Komazawa Olympic Park Stadium (駒沢オリンピック公園総合運動場陸上競技場) is a multi-purpose stadium in Setagaya, Tokyo, Japan.	Komazawa Olympic Park Stadium	Japan
country	1Borneo Hypermall also known as 1Borneo is a shopping centre in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Malaysia.	1Borneo Hypermall	Malaysia
country	Kardašova Řečice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkardaʃova ˈr̝ɛtʃɪtsɛ)) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Kardašova Řečice	Czech Republic
country	The Dandenong railway line triplication project was an initiative of the state government of Victoria, Australia, to add sections of a third railway line from Caulfield to Dandenong to expand the capacity of and relieve congestion on the Pakenham railway line, part of the Melbourne suburban rail network.	Dandenong railway line triplication	Australia
country	Mala Vas pri Grosupljem (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈʋaːs pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm); Slovene: Mala vas pri Grosupljem) is a village just north of Sveti Jurij in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Mala Vas pri Grosupljem	Slovenia
country	Knocknarea (/nɒknəˈreɪ/; Irish: Cnoc na Riabh) is a large hill west of Sligo town in County Sligo, Republic of Ireland.	Knocknarea	Ireland
country	Ossian Sars Nature Reserve (Norwegian: Ossian Sars naturreservat) is located at the inner-most part of Kongsfjorden on Spitsbergen in Svalbard, Norway.	Ossian Sars Nature Reserve	Norway
country	Sidi Moumen (Arabic: سيدي مومن‎) is an arrondissement and northeastern suburb of Casablanca, in the Sidi Bernoussi district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Sidi Moumen	Morocco
country	Banking University of Ho Chi Minh City (Vietnamese: Đại học Ngân hàng Thành phố Hồ Chí Minh) is a university in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.	Banking University of Ho Chi Minh City	Vietnam
country	Ujny (ˈui̯nɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pierzchnica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ujny	Poland
country	Tbilisi Medical Academy is the oldest private institution of higher learning in Georgia.	Tbilisi Medical Academy	Georgia
country	Mowtowr-e Khorram Huti (Persian: موتور خرم هوتي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Khorram Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Khorram Huti	Iran
country	Bridgetown Heliport, (ICAO: TBPO) is found in the city of Bridgetown, Saint Michael on the island of Barbados.	Bridgetown Heliport	Barbados
country	Soshanguve Giant Stadium, commonly referred to as Giant Stadium, is a multi-purpose stadium located in Soshanguve, a suburb of Pretoria, South Africa.	Giant Stadium	South Africa
country	Sheringham (/ˈʃɛrɪŋəm/; population 7,367) is an English seaside town within the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom.	Sheringham	United Kingdom
country	Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartar Pur is a Gurdwara in Kartarpur, Narowal District, Pakistan, 120 km from Lahore.	Gurdwara Darbar Sahib Kartar Pur	Pakistan
country	Over the course of the past 75 years, the Harzwasserwerke have expanded to be the biggest water supply company in Lower Saxony and is among the top ten water companies in Germany.	Harzwasserwerke	Germany
country	Glaam is a village and a municipal district of Hohenroda in Hersfeld-Rotenburg district in eastern Hesse, Germany.	Glaam	Germany
country	Instituto Educativo Olinca, S.C., operating as the Colegio Olinca (``Olinca School''), is a private school system in Mexico.	Colegio Olinca	Mexico
country	Xylokera (Greek: Ξυλοκέρα) is a village in the municipal unit of Iardanos, Elis, Greece.	Xylokera	Greece
country	Medvezhyegorsk (Russian: Медвежьего́рск; Karelian: Karhumägi; Finnish: Karhumäki) is a town and the administrative center of Medvezhyegorsky District of the Republic of Karelia, Russia.	Medvezhyegorsk	Russia
country	The Hamburg Blue Angels are a cheerleading squad for the Hamburg Blue Devils American football team in Hamburg, Germany.	Hamburg Blue Angels	Germany
country	Awaka is a village in northern Owerri, Imo State, southeastern Nigeria.	Awaka	Nigeria
country	Hapdrok River is a small river in Turbat, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Hapdrok River	Pakistan
country	Çan is a town and district of Çanakkale Province in the Marmara region of Turkey.	Çan	Turkey
country	Sir Winston Churchill Avenue is an arterial road in St. Albert, Alberta, Canada, named after British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.	Sir Winston Churchill Avenue	Canada
country	Hønefoss Station (Norwegian: Hønefoss stasjon) is a railway station located at Hønefoss in Ringerike, Norway.	Hønefoss Station	Norway
country	Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Seaplane Base, (TC LID: CKW7), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southeast of Kirkfield and nearBalsam Lake, Ontario, Canada.	Kirkfield/Balsam Lake Seaplane Base	Canada
country	Åram is a village in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Åram	Norway
country	Tanji Bird Reserve is a bird reserve in the Gambia.	Tanji Bird Reserve	Gambia
country	Kilifarevo (Bulgarian: Килифарево) is a small town in central northern Bulgaria, administratively part of Veliko Tarnovo Municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province.	Kilifarevo	Bulgaria
country	Varin-e Pain (Persian: ورين پائين‎, also Romanized as Varīn-e Pā’īn; also known as Var-e Pā’īn, Var-e Soflá, and Varīn-e Soflá) is a village in Khurheh Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Varin-e Pain	Iran
country	Ústí nad Orlicí (Czech pronunciation: (ˈuːsciː ˈnat ʔorlɪtsiː); German: Wildenschwert) is a city in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region in Eastern Bohemia in the Czech Republic.	Ústí nad Orlicí	Czech Republic
country	Kwahu Asafo is a town in the Eastern Region of Ghana	Kwahu Asafo	Ghana
country	BCFM or Bristol Community FM is a community radio station broadcasting to the City of Bristol in the United Kingdom on 93.2 FM.	BCFM	United Kingdom
country	Dzolo (also Ave-Dzolo) is a village with 4,000 residents near the town of Kévé in southwest Togo.	Dzolo	Togo
country	Shinahota (also sometimes spelled Sinahota or Shinaota) is a small town in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Shinahota	Bolivia
country	Black Hall River is a river in the state of Connecticut, United States of America.	Black Hall River	United States of America
country	Hoseynabad-e Alam (Persian: حسين ابادعلم‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e ʿAlam; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Chāh-e Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Alam	Iran
country	The Grinderwald is a mixed forest and a low hill range, up to 101 m above sea level (NN), in Hanover Region and the Lower Saxon district of Nienburg/Weser in Germany.	Grinderwald	Germany
country	Arateh Dasht (Persian: ارطه دشت‎, also Romanized as Araţeh Dasht) is a village in Bisheh Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Arateh Dasht	Iran
country	Buyezo is a small town located near Potes and Picos de Europa in Cantabria, Spain.	Buyezo	Spain
country	Chah Kutah (Persian: چاه كوتاه‎, also Romanized as Chāh Kūtāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Chah Kutah	Iran
country	Besançon (French and Arpitan: (bəzɑ̃sɔ̃); archaic German: Bisanz, Latin: Vesontio) is the capital of the department of Doubs and of the Franche-Comté region in eastern France, close to the border with Switzerland.	Besançon	France
country	One of the earliest evidence of Brahmi script in South India comes from Bhattiprolu.	Bhattiprolu	India
country	Guteborn (Upper Sorbian Wudwor) is a municipality in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district of southern Brandenburg, Germany.	Guteborn	Germany
country	Tolisavac (Serbian Cyrillic: Толисавац) is a village in Serbia.	Tolisavac	Serbia
country	Destrnik (pronounced (ˈdeːstəɾnik)) is a settlement in northeastern Slovenia.	Destrnik	Slovenia
country	In Northern Ethiopia, for instance, an Agew tradition has it that the Arsi Oromo moved to the locality around the sixteenth century.	Arsi Oromo	Ethiopia
country	Kota Buruk, literally mean ``Fort of Ruins'' in Malay is a historic site believed to be located at the today's Kampung Tanjung Selabu, Jorak, Sungai Terap, Bukit Pasir, Pagoh, Muar, Johor, Malaysia.	Kota Buruk	Malaysia
country	Świętokrzyski National Park (Polish: Świętokrzyski Park Narodowy) is a National Park in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship in central Poland.	Świętokrzyski National Park	Poland
country	Vahagni (Armenian: Վահագնի, also romanized as Vaagni; formerly, Shagali) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Vahagni	Armenia
country	Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul (Persian: محمدزمان كمول‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūl; also known as Moḩammad Zamān-e Kamūleh) is a village in Bijnavand Rural District, in the Zagros District of Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mohammad Zaman-e Kamul	Iran
country	Tidal Lagoon Swansea Bay is a tidal lagoon power plant proposed to be constructed in Swansea Bay off the south coast of Wales, United Kingdom.	Tidal Lagoon Swansea Bay	Wales
country	Warahirka or Wara Hirka (Quechua, wara trousers / bee, Ancash Quechua hirka mountain, hispanicized spellings Huarajirca, Huara Jirca) is a mountain with an archaeological site of the same name in Peru.	Warahirka	Peru
country	Barehsar (Persian: بره سر‎, deilami: barasar; pirehsar) is a city in and the capital of khorgam District, in Roudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Barehsar	Iran
country	Amburayan was a former sub-province of the old Mountain Province in the Philippines.	Amburayan	Philippines
country	Glambæk (German: Burg Glambek) was a castle in Femern (German: Fehmarn) on the north-east coast of Schleswig-Holstein in what is now Germany.	Glambæk	Germany
country	Mingende is a populated place in the Chimbu Province of Papua New Guinea.	Mingende	Papua New Guinea
country	Bärwalder See is a lake in Boxberg municipality, Görlitz district, Saxony, Germany.	Bärwalder See	Germany
country	Kretkampis is a village in Lithuania, located 35 km (22 mi) from Kaunas and 2 km (1.2 mi) from Lekėčiai.	Kretkampis	Lithuania
country	Gajedi Taal (Nepali: गजेडी ताल) is one of the renowned lakes of Nepal.	Gajedi Taal	Nepal
country	Amman New Camp, locally known as Wihdat (Arabic: مخيم الوحدات‎), is the second largest Palestinian refugee camp in Jordan with a population of roughly 51,000 registered refugees.	Amman New Camp	Jordan
country	Temizhbekskaya (Russian: Темижбекская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Kavkazsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Kuban River.	Temizhbekskaya	Russia
country	Agenebode is a water-side town located by the banks of the Niger River in Edo State, South South Nigeria.	Agenebode	Nigeria
country	The Balti Triangle is an area of Balti houses clustered along Ladypool Road, Stoney Lane and Stratford Road, to the south of Birmingham city centre, in the United Kingdom.	Balti Triangle	United Kingdom
country	The Băișoara mine is a large open pit mine in the north-western of Romania in Cluj County, 60 km south of Cluj-Napoca and 466 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest.	Băișoara mine	Romania
country	Gotvand (Persian: گتوند‎‎) is a city in and the capital of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gotvand	Iran
country	The Bishopric of the Forces is the Latin-rite Catholic military ordinariate which provides chaplains to the British Armed Forces across the United Kingdom and overseas.	Bishopric of the Forces	United Kingdom
country	As of 2001 India census, Mahapalwas had a population of 1,738 constituting 277 households.	Mahapalwas	India
country	Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University (PSTU) or simply Telugu University, is one of the few language universities in India.	Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University	India
country	Jänhijoki railway bridge is a railway bridge located in the village of Minkiö railway station in Jokioinen municipality, in the Tavastia Proper region of Finland.	Jänhijoki railway bridge	Finland
country	Pannonia was an ancient province of the Roman Empire bounded north and east by the Danube, coterminous westward with Noricum and upper Italy, and southward with Dalmatia and upper Moesia.	Pannonia	Roman Empire
country	Skodsborg Spa Hotel (Danish: Skodsborg Kurbad) is a hotel and health resort in Skodsborg, on the Coast Road, 15 km north of 8Copenhagen, Denmark.	Skodsborg Spa Hotel	Denmark
country	Əngəxaran (also, Angekharan and Engekharan) is a village and municipality in the Shamakhi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əngəxaran	Azerbaijan
country	Taborio is a settlement on the island of Tarawa, Kiribati, where the Immaculate Heart College, a Catholic school, is situated.	Taborio	Kiribati
country	Maritsa Municipality (obshtina) is located in the Plovdiv Province, southern Bulgaria on the northern bank of the Maritsa River.	Maritsa Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Otta Station (Norwegian: Otta stasjon) is a railway station located in the town of Otta in Sel, Norway.	Otta Station	Norway
country	Apeldoorn (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈaːpəldoːrn)) is a municipality and city in the province of Gelderland in the centre of the Netherlands.	Apeldoorn	Netherlands
country	Kwaśniów Dolny (ˈkfaɕɲuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klucze, within Olkusz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kwaśniów Dolny	Poland
country	Pleistocene Park (Russian: Плейстоценовый парк) is a nature reserve on the Kolyma River south of Chersky in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in northeastern Siberia, where an attempt is being made to recreate the northern subarctic steppe grassland ecosystem that flourished in the area during the last glacial period.	Pleistocene Park	Russia
country	The Central Motorway Junction or CMJ (best known as Spaghetti Junction and rarely as Central Motorway Intersection), is the intersection of New Zealand State Highways 1 and 16, just south of the central business district of Auckland.	Central Motorway Junction	New Zealand
country	The Magyar Theatre is a theatre operating in Budapest, Hungary.	Magyar Theatre	Hungary
country	Gisborne Botanical Gardens is a public garden in Gisborne, New Zealand, that dates back to 1874.	Gisborne Botanical Gardens	New Zealand
country	Puthenkavu Bhagavathy Temple (Malayalam:പുത്തൻകാവ് ഭഗവതീ ക്ഷേത്രം) is a Hindu temple dedicated to god Sree Durga Devi, located in the village of Elavoor in Kerala state, India.	Puthenkavu Bhagavathy Temple	India
country	The Bükk National Park (Hungarian: Bükki Nemzeti Park) is a national park in the Bükk Mountains of Northern Hungary, near Miskolc.	Bükk National Park	Hungary
country	Kebnekaise mountain lodge (Kebnekaise fjällstation), elev 690 m, is situated at the base of Mount Kebnekaise, 19 km west of Nikkaluokta, which in turn is situated 66 km west of Kiruna in Lappland, Sweden.	Kebnekaise mountain lodge	Sweden
country	Uzunqazmalar (also, Uzunkazmalar and Uzyunkazmalar) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Uzunqazmalar	Azerbaijan
country	Gugjeh-ye Yeylaq (Persian: گوگجه ييلاق‎, also Romanized as Gūgjeh-ye Yeylāq; also known as Gūgjeh and Gūyjah-ye Yeylāq) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Gugjeh-ye Yeylaq	Iran
country	Ankara Güvercinlik Army Air Base, (Turkish: Ankara Güvercinlik Kara Hava Üssü) (ICAO: LTAB) is a military airport of the Turkish Army located in Güvercinlik of Etimesgut district, 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Ankara in central Turkey.	Ankara Güvercinlik Army Air Base	Turkey
country	The Shoshongo Dum was a periodical river connecting the Omuramba Omatako with the Okavango River in north-eastern Namibia.	Shoshongo Dum	Namibia
country	Landegode Lighthouse (Norwegian: Landegode fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county, Norway.	Landegode Lighthouse	Norway
country	Zohrab Ali Sara (Persian: ظهرابعلي سرا‎, also Romanized as Z̧ohrāb ``Alī Sarā) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 22 families.	Zohrab Ali Sara	Iran
country	The Presbyterian Inland Mission is the successor in the Presbyterian Church of Australia to the work of the Australian Inland Mission, founded by Rev. John Flynn.	Presbyterian Inland Mission	Australia
country	Knurów (ˈknuruf) is a town near Katowice in Silesia, southern Poland.	Knurów	Poland
country	Praia da Rocha (English: ``Rock Beach'') is the beach and built up area on the Atlantic Ocean which is the southern section of the municipality/concelho of Portimão, Algarve, southern Portugal.	Praia da Rocha	Portugal
country	Mount Jamanota (188 m) (620 ft) is the highest point on the island of Aruba and is visible from the entire island.	Mount Jamanota	Aruba
country	Isoma Karyon (Greek: Ίσωμα Καρυών) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Isoma Karyon	Greece
country	The Derjon (Ladin: Derjon; Italian: Rio Gardena; German: Grödner Bach) is a stream in South Tyrol, Italy.	Derjon	Italy
country	Melior International College (MIC) is a private education in Singapore.	Melior International College	Singapore
country	Łazienki Park (Polish: Park Łazienkowski or Łazienki Królewskie, literally ``Baths Park'' or ``Royal Baths''; often rendered ``Royal Baths Park'') is the largest park in Warsaw, Poland, occupying 76 hectares of the city center.	Łazienki Park	Poland
country	Ninashanca is a mostly rocky mountain in the north of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru, 5,607 metres (18,396 ft) high.	Ninashanca	Peru
country	The Istituto Sperimentale per la Zoologia Agraria (Centre for Experimental Agricultural Zoology), located in Florence, Italy, is the oldest phytopathology centre in the world.	Istituto Sperimentale per la Zoologia Agraria	Italy
country	Shah Abu ol Qasem (Persian: شاه ابوالقاسم‎, also Romanized as Shāh Abū ol Qāsem) is a village in Soltanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shah Abu ol Qasem	Iran
country	Bear Family Records is a Germany-based independent record label that specializes in reissues of archival material ranging from country music to 1950s rock and roll to old German movie soundtracks.	Bear Family Records	Germany
country	The Virgin Komi Forests is a natural UNESCO World Heritage site in the Northern Ural Mountains of the Komi Republic, Russia.	Virgin Komi Forests	Russia
country	Circle Drive is a major road constructed as a ring road in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Circle Drive	Canada
country	Formerum (West Frisian: Formearum) is a village on Terschelling in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Formerum	Netherlands
country	Langenhagen is a town in the Hanover district of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Langenhagen	Germany
country	Petro-Slavyanka (Russian: Петро-Славянка) is a municipal settlement in Kolpinsky District of the federal city of St. Petersburg, Russia.	Petro-Slavyanka	Russia
country	Soltan Gah (Persian: سلطانگه‎, also Romanized as Solţān Gah and Solţāngah) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Soltan Gah	Iran
country	The Long Night of the Sciences (German: Lange Nacht der Wissenschaften) has become an established form of public relations activity in Germany.	Long Night of the Sciences	Germany
country	They were renamed to FC Belarus Minsk for the 1992--93 season, and finally to FC Dinamo-93 Minsk in 1993.	FC Dinamo-93 Minsk	Belarus
country	Wikimedia Polska (WMPL; Polish: Stowarzyszenie Wikimedia Polska) is a Polish public benefit organization established to support volunteers in Poland who work on Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia.	Wikimedia Polska	Poland
country	The Quebrada de Ullúm Dam, or simply Ullúm Dam, is an embankment dam on the San Juan River, just west of San Juan in Ullúm Department of the Province of San Juan, Argentina.	Quebrada de Ullúm Dam	Argentina
country	Las Cabañas de Castilla is a hamlet of Osorno la Mayor located in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain.	Las Cabañas de Castilla	Spain
country	The Xacbal Dam (Spanish: Planta Hidroeléctrica Xacbal) is a reinforced concrete gravity dam and power plant spanning the Xacbal River in the municipality of Chajul, Guatemala.	Xacbal Dam	Guatemala
country	The Tavan Bogd (Mongolian: Таван богд, (tɑwɑŋ ˈbɔɡ.dɔ), lit. ``five saints'') is a mountain massif in Mongolia, on the border with China and Russia.	Tavan Bogd	Mongolia	Russia
country	Arena Randers is a complex of sports facilities, located in Randers, Denmark The hall's history goes back to 1952, when Randers Freja constructed Annex Hall.	Arena Randers	Denmark
country	Sanogoszcz (saˈnɔɡɔʂt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sanogoszcz	Poland
country	Geneva Business School (GBS) is a private business school established in 2001 in Geneva Switzerland with presences in Barcelona Spain, United Arab Emirates and Moscow Russia.	Geneva Business School	Switzerland
country	Karori is a suburb located at the western edge of the urban area of Wellington, New Zealand, 4 km from the city centre and is one of New Zealand's biggest suburbs having a population of over 14,000 at the time of the 2013 census.	Karori	New Zealand
country	Kinsale Community School is based in the town of Kinsale, Co. Cork, Ireland.	Kinsale Community School	Ireland
country	Balków (ˈbalkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątek, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Balków	Poland
country	Scholars who believe the legend of Prince Vijaya to be semi-historical have tried to identify the legendary Sinhapura with several modern places in India.	Sinhapura	India
country	The Usumacinta River (Spanish pronunciation: (usumaˈsinta); named after the Howler monkey) is a river in southeastern Mexico and northwestern Guatemala.	Usumacinta River	Mexico
country	Zgornje Gameljne (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈɡaːməlnɛ)) is a settlement north of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Zgornje Gameljne	Slovenia
country	Radwanka (radˈvaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechlinek, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Radwanka	Poland
country	Atsbi (Ge'ez: ኣጽቢ) (officially known as Atsbi Endaselase Ge'ez: ኣጽቢ እንዳስላሴ ) is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Atsbi	Ethiopia
country	Kohvik Moon is a restaurant in Tallinn, Estonia, located near the Viking Line harbour.	Kohvik Moon	Estonia
country	Riga Passenger Terminal (Latvian: Rīgas pasažieru termināls) is a terminal in Riga, Latvia, that services public and private passenger traffic by sea.	Riga Passenger Terminal	Latvia
country	Amaghu (Armenian: Ամաղու), is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia.	Amaghu	Armenia
country	IMPS College of Engineering and Technology (or Impscet) is an engineering and management college located in Malda, West Bengal, India.	IMPS College of Engineering and Technology	India
country	Ritten (Italian: Renon) is a comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Ritten	Italy
country	Águas Lindas de Goiás is a municipality located in central Goiás, Brazil.	Águas Lindas de Goiás	Brazil
country	Simensbråten is a neighborhood in the borough of Nordstrand, Oslo, Norway.	Simensbråten	Norway
country	The Cirque d'Estaubé is a cirque in the central Pyrenees in the Pyrenees National Park, forming the frontier between France and Spain.	Cirque d'Estaubé	France
country	Insurgentes 300, also known by its official original name, Condominio Insurgentes, or also as Edificio de la Canada, is a 19-floor commercial and residential building, now closed and in a state of deterioration at Avenida de los Insurgentes 300, Colonia Roma, Mexico City.	Insurgentes 300	Mexico
country	Ayutla de los Libres (Mixtec: Tatioo) is a city and seat of the municipality of Ayutla de los Libres, in the state of Guerrero, southern Mexico.	Ayutla de los Libres	Mexico
country	The Toyohira River (豊平川 Toyohira-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō prefecture, Japan.	Toyohira River	Japan
country	Tolombeh-ye Doktor Khaleqi (Persian: تلمبه دكترخالقي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Doktor Khāleqī) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Doktor Khaleqi	Iran
country	Fauro Island is an island, part of the Shortland Islands, Solomon Islands, located at 6°55′S 156°4′E.	Fauro Island	Solomon Islands
country	The Harar Wildlife Sanctuary (also known as the Babille Elephant Sanctuary) is a protected area in Ethiopia.	Harar Wildlife Sanctuary	Ethiopia
country	The Sultan Ismail Power Station is the largest gas turbine power station in Malaysia, Located in Paka, Terengganu approximately 100 km from the state capital, Kuala Terengganu.	Sultan Ismail Power Station	Malaysia
country	Kocaeli B.B. Ice Arena (Turkish: Kocaeli B.B. Olimpik Buz Sporları Salonu), formerly Kocaeli Ice Rink, is an indoor ice skating and ice hockey arena located at Şirintepe neighborhood of Izmit in Kocaeli Province, Turkey.	Kocaeli B.B. Ice Arena	Turkey
country	The Asramam Maidan (Malayalam: ആശ്രാമം മൈതാനം) or Ashramam Maidan is an urban park, or maidan, in the city of Kollam, in Kerala, India.	Asramam Maidan	India
country	Kidzania Tokyo is a family edutainment center amusement park, in the LaLaport Toyosu, Tokyo, Japan opened in October 2006.	Kidzania Tokyo	Japan
country	Issigeac is a small medieval village that dates back to Roman times, located in the Périgord and is approximately 20 km (12 mi) southwest of Bergerac in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Issigeac	France
country	Islam Pur Lokari is a small village, situated in the west of Hathi Wind in the Sargodha District of Punjab province, Pakistan.	Islam Pur Lokari	Pakistan
country	Pacific Audio Visual Institute (PAVI) is a private educational institution that specializes in music production and music management located in Vancouver, BC, Canada.	Pacific Audio Visual Institute	Canada
country	Vatne Church (Norwegian: Vatne kyrkje) is a parish church in Haram Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Vatne Church	Norway
country	Koodali and Kanhirode are two small villages on the Kannur-Mysore highway in India.	Koodali and Kanhirode	India
country	Dar Allouch is a town and commune in the Nabeul Governorate, Tunisia, 129 kilometres from Tunis.	Dar Allouch	Tunisia
country	Kolleru Lake is one of the largest freshwater lakes in India located in state of Andhra Pradesh 20 kilometers away from the city of Eluru.	Kolleru Lake	India
country	Nicastro (Greek: Neokastron, new castle) was a small town in the province of Catanzaro, in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Nicastro	Italy
country	The Zaisan Memorial (Mongolian: Зайсан) is a memorial south of the Mongolian capital of Ulaanbaatar that honors Soviet soldiers killed in World War II. Located on a hill south of the city, the memorial features a circular memorial painting that depicts scenes of friendship between the people of the USSR and Mongolia.	Zaisan Memorial	Mongolia
country	Kalleh Maran (Persian: كله ماران‎, also Romanized as Kalleh Mārān) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh Maran	Iran
country	Motir (Persian: مطير‎, also Romanized as Moṭīr; also known as Moţer) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Motir	Iran
country	The Zuiderzee Works (Dutch: Zuiderzeewerken) are a man-made system of dams and dikes, land reclamation and water drainage works, in total the largest hydraulic engineering project undertaken by the Netherlands during the twentieth century.	Zuiderzee Works	Netherlands
country	Mu River (Burmese: မူးမြစ်; MLCTS: mu: mrac; IPA: (mú mjɪʔ)) is a river in upper central Myanmar (Burma), and a tributary of the country's chief river the Ayeyarwady.	Mu River	Myanmar
country	Rybí (could be loosely translated to English as ``belonging to fish'') is a small village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Rybí	Czech Republic
country	The Expo Forum is a convention center and arena complex located in Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico.	Expo Forum	Mexico
country	The Kaisariani Monastery (Greek: Μονή Καισαριανής) is an Eastern Orthodox monastery built on the north side of Mount Hymettus, near Athens, Greece.	Kaisariani Monastery	Greece
country	The Bukit Timah Nature Reserve is a small 1.64 square kilometre (400 acre) nature reserve near the geographic centre of the city-state of Singapore, located on the slopes of Bukit Timah Hill, Singapore's highest hill standing at a height of 163.63 metres, and parts of the surrounding area.	Bukit Timah Nature Reserve	Singapore
country	The College of Medicine & Sagore Dutta Hospital (also known as Sagar Dutta Medical College) is a tertiary referral government hospital, medical college and research institute in the state of West Bengal, India.	College of Medicine & Sagore Dutta Hospital	India
country	Jaliseh (Persian: جليسه‎, also Romanized as Jalīseh; also known as Jalīseh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jaliseh	Iran
country	Korea University Business School located in Seoul, South Korea is the business school of Korea University, a member of the SKY universities.	Korea University Business School	South Korea
country	Grange Royals Hockey Club is a field hockey club in Adelaide, South Australia.	Grange Royals Hockey Club	Australia
country	The Northland temperate kauri forests ecoregion, within the temperate broadleaf and mixed forests Biome, is in northern New Zealand.	Northland temperate kauri forest	New Zealand
country	Sint-Maria-Oudenhove is a village in the Denderstreek and in the Flemish Ardennes, the hilly southern part of the province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Sint-Maria-Oudenhove	Belgium
country	Gombeh (Persian: گمبه‎, also known as Gomeh, Kāgheh, Kambeh, Kameh, and Kūmeh) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gombeh	Iran
country	HaYonim Cave (Hebrew: מערת היונים, Me'arat HaYonim, lit. Cave of the Pigeons) is a cave located in a limestone bluff about 250 meters above modern sea level, in the Upper Galilee, Israel.	HaYonim Cave	Israel
country	Trge (Serbian: Трге) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Trge	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Innvik Church (Norwegian: Innvik kyrkje) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Innvik Church	Norway
country	Sant Carles de Peralta (Spanish: San Carlos) is a village in the north east of Ibiza (Catalan: Eivissa), Spain.	Sant Carles de Peralta	Spain
country	Trévron (Breton: Treveron, Gallo: Terveron) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Trévron	France
country	Radomsko County (Polish: powiat radomszczański) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Radomsko County	Poland
country	Hahei is a small settlement near Cathedral Cove on the eastern side of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand.	Hahei	New Zealand
country	Waqlamarka (local Quechua waqla (waqra) horn, marka settlement / storey, ``horn village'', hispanicized spelling Hacjlasmarca) is an archaeological site with walls and round burial towers (chullpa) in Peru.	Waqlamarka	Peru
country	Peteranec is a municipality in the Koprivnica-Križevci County in Croatia, population 2704 (2011 census).	Peteranec	Croatia
country	St. Lucia's Cathedral is the seat of the Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Colombo in Sri Lanka.	St. Lucia's Cathedral	Sri Lanka
country	In Northern Sri Lanka, Chunnakam is only second to Jaffna in terms of population density and commercial activities in and around its neighborhoods.	Chunnakam	Sri Lanka
country	Værøy Church (Norwegian: Værøy kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Værøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Værøy Church	Norway
country	Fredenbeck is a municipality northwest of Hamburg (Germany) in the district of Stade in Lower Saxony.	Fredenbeck	Germany
country	Buqay` al Qababi`ah is a town in the Madaba Governorate of western Jordan.	Buqay` al Qababi`ah	Jordan
country	Aşağı Əndəmic (also, Aşağı Əndəmiç, Ashagy Andamich, and Ashaga Andamish) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Əndəmic	Azerbaijan
country	Tacna Historical Museum, is a museum, located in the center of the city of Tacna, Peru.	Tacna Historical Museum	Peru
country	Parak-e Sheykhan (Persian: پارك شيخان‎, also Romanized as Pārak-e Sheykhān) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parak-e Sheykhan	Iran
country	Castleknock Castle is a ruined Norman castle located on the grounds of present-day Castleknock College, Castleknock, Dublin, Ireland.	Castleknock Castle	Ireland
country	The Chepino Valley (Bulgarian: Чепинска котловина, Chepinska kotlovina) or Chepino (Чепино) is the largest valley in the Rhodope Mountains in southern Bulgaria.	Chepino Valley	Bulgaria
country	The Oleska shale gas deposit is an unconventional gas area in Lviv, Ivano-Frankivsk and Ternopil oblasts in Ukraine.	Oleska shale gas deposit	Ukraine
country	The Combatant's Cross (French: ``Croix du combattant'') is a French decoration that recognizes, as its name implies, those who fought in combat for France.	Combatant's Cross	France
country	The Yerevan Botanical Garden (Armenian: Երևանի բուսաբանական այգի) of the Armenian National Academy of Sciences is the responsible body for plant collections in Armenia.	Yerevan Botanical Garden	Armenia
country	REG WindPower is a renewable energy company, in the United Kingdom.	REG WindPower	United Kingdom
country	Agialexiotissa (Greek: Αγιαλεξιώτισσα) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Agialexiotissa	Greece
country	The METI Handmade School, a primary school for 168 students located in Rudrapur in northern Bangladesh, was built with the assistance of local craftsmen making use of traditional materials, primarily mud and bamboo.	METI Handmade School	Bangladesh
country	Liepāja District (Latvian: Liepājas rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Courland region, in the country's west.	Liepāja District	Latvia
country	Port Moody-Westwood was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.	Port Moody-Westwood	Canada
country	Phổ Minh Temple (Vietnamese: Chùa Phổ Minh, Chinese: 普明寺) is a Buddhist temple in Tức Mặc village, 5 kilometres north of Nam Định city, Vietnam, the home town of the Trần Dynasty.	Phổ Minh Temple	Vietnam
country	Nazilli is the second largest town in Aydın Province in the Aegean region of western Turkey, 47 km (29 mi) east of the city of Aydın, on the road to Denizli.	Nazilli	Turkey
country	Dragon Island is a privately owned island off the northeast coast of New Zealand's Great Barrier Island, located 95 kilometres (59 mi) to the northeast of Auckland.	Dragon Island	New Zealand
country	The Forum Media Group (FMG) is an international publishing company with headquarters in Bavaria, Germany, founded in 1988.	Forum Media Group	Germany
country	Pleucadeuc (Breton: Plegadeg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Pleucadeuc	France
country	Sausvatnet is a lake that is located in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Sausvatnet	Norway
country	The Flora und Botanischer Garten Köln (11.5 hectares) is a municipal formal park and botanical garden located adjacent to Cologne Zoological Garden at Amsterdamer Straße 34, Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Flora und Botanischer Garten Köln	Germany
country	Kramim (Hebrew: כְּרָמִים, lit. Vineyards) is a kibbutz in southern Israel founded in 1980 by an urban society group organized by the kibbutz movement.	Kramim	Israel
country	Queensland Community Care Network Inc. (QCCN) is a charity organisation based in Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Community Care Network	Australia
country	The Pointe Allobrogia is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, overlooking the Col Ferret on the border between Italy and Switzerland.	Pointe Allobrogia	Italy	Switzerland
country	Altanshiree (Mongolian: Алтанширээ) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Altanshiree	Mongolia
country	Los Trancos Creek (meaning ``barriers'' or ``cattle guards'' from the Spanish ``Las Trancas'') is a creek that flows northerly from Monte Bello Ridge on the northeast slope of the Santa Cruz Mountains to its confluence with San Francisquito Creek at Stanford University in California, United States of America.	Los Trancos Creek	United States of America
country	Burwood Park is a residential estate in Hersham, Surrey in the United Kingdom.	Burwood Park	United Kingdom
country	Ahlowal is a town in the province of Punjab, Pakistan, 80 km from Lahore.	Ahlowal	Pakistan
country	Dehkuyeh (Persian: دهكويه‎, also Romanized as Dehkūyeh, Deh Kūyeh, and Deh Kooyeh; also known as Dehkūh) is a village in Dehkuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehkuyeh	Iran
country	Mowtowr-e Owrang Huti (Persian: موتور اورنگ هوتي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Owrang Hūtī) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Owrang Huti	Iran
country	The Porcupine Hills refer to geographical features located in the prairie provinces of Canada.	Porcupine Hills	Canada
country	Sedlejov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsɛdlɛjof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Sedlejov	Czech Republic
country	Muralla de Santiago de Compostela is a fort in Santiago de Compostela, Province of A Coruña, Galicia, Spain.	Muralla de Santiago de Compostela	Spain
country	Marianne Island is a small (238 acres) granitic island of the Seychelles.	Marianne Island	Seychelles
country	Montacute Conservation Park is a protected area located in South Australia about 17 kilometres (11 mi) north-east of the Adelaide city centre.	Montacute Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Burgdorf-Peine Geest (German: Burgdorf-Peiner Geest) is a geest landscape, dominated by end and ground moraines, between Hanover and Brunswick in North Germany, with an area of about 550 square kilometres (210 sq mi).	Burgdorf-Peine Geest	Germany
country	Bymidten is a central neighbourhood of Odense, in Funen, Denmark.	Bymidten	Denmark
country	Šentjurje (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtjuːɾjɛ) or (ʃənˈtjuːɾjɛ); German: Sankt Georgen) is a small settlement to the east of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Šentjurje	Slovenia
country	The Toți River is a tributary of the Sărata River is Romania.	Toți River	Romania
country	Pachat-e Charbiyun (Persian: پاچات چربيون‎, also Romanized as Pāchāt-e Charbīyūn; also known as Pāchāt) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pachat-e Charbiyun	Iran
country	Sowrand (Persian: سورند‎, also Romanized as Sūrand) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sowrand	Iran
country	Sparbu Station (Norwegian: Sparbu stasjon) is a railway station located in the village of Sparbu in the municipality of Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sparbu Station	Norway
country	Mae Na Chang (Thai: แม่นาจาง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mae La Noi District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae Na Chang	Thailand
country	Grimbergen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣrɪmbɛrɣə(n))) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.	Grimbergen	Belgium
country	San Martino del Vescovo, also known as the Oratorio dei Buonomini di San Martino, is a Roman Catholic parish church, located in the small piazza of the same name, at the end of via de' Magazzini, corner via Dante Alighieri, Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Martino del Vescovo	Italy
country	Mangawhai is a locality in Northland, New Zealand around the Mangawhai Harbour.	Mangawhai	New Zealand
country	Killeagh (Irish: Cill Ia) is a small village located in east County Cork, Munster, Ireland.	Killeagh	Ireland
country	Lucens Castle is a castle in the municipality of Lucens in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Lucens Castle	Switzerland
country	Ikot Okoro is a rural settlement of Akwa Ibom State and was one of the larger population concentrations in the now defunct South Eastern Nigeria.	Ikot Okoro	Nigeria
country	Ciudad Antigua (Spanish pronunciation: (sjuˈðað anˈtiɣwa)) is a municipality in the Nueva Segovia department of Nicaragua.	Ciudad Antigua	Nicaragua
country	Skłody-Piotrowice (ˈskwɔdɨ pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Skłody-Piotrowice	Poland
country	Åsane Fotball Damer is a Norwegian women's football club located in Åsane, Bergen, Norway.	Åsane Fotball	Norway
country	Assos (/ˈæsɒs/; Greek: Ἄσσος), also known as Behramkale or for short Behram, is a small historically rich town in the Ayvacık district of the Çanakkale Province, Turkey.	Assos	Turkey
country	Ojsławice (ɔi̯swaˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Ojsławice	Poland
country	Petkovec (pronounced (pɛˈtkɔːʋəts) or (pɛˈtkoːʋəts)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Petkovec	Slovenia
country	The Kahle Klippe is a rock formation in the High Harz in central Germany on the eastern slope of the Brocken above the valley of the Ecker.	Kahle Klippe	Germany
country	Illorsuit Island (Greenlandic: Illorsuip qeqertaat, Danish: Ubekendt Ejland) is an island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Illorsuit Island	Greenland
country	Kota Gandredu is a village panchayat in Gurla mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kota Gandredu	India
country	Paasselkä (earlier Paasivesi, both names roughly mean 'Stone lake') is an oval-shaped lake formed in an eroded impact crater in Southern Savonia, Finland.	Paasselkä	Finland
country	Sečje Selo (pronounced (ˈseːtʃjɛ ˈsɛːlɔ); Slovene: Sečje selo) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River west of Vinica in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Sečje Selo	Slovenia
country	Duf Falls near the village of Rostuša is located in Mavrovo National Park in the western region of the Republic of Macedonia.	Duf Falls	Macedonia
country	Kapeleto (Greek: Καπελέτο) is a village and a community in the municipal unit Vouprasia, Elis, Greece.	Kapeleto	Greece
country	The Canton of Glarus (German pronunciation: (ˈɡlarʊs)) is a canton in east central Switzerland.	Canton of Glarus	Switzerland
country	Legęzów (lɛˈɡɛ̃zuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Legęzów	Poland
country	Balamta (बलम्ता ) is a small Village Development Committee in eastern Nepal, located at northern part of the Udayapur District.	Balamta	Nepal
country	Kyzyl (Russian: Кызыл; IPA: (kɨˈzɨl); Tuvan: Кызыл) is the capital city of the Tuva Republic, Russia.	Kyzyl	Russia
country	Drobočnik (pronounced (dɾɔˈboːtʃnik)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Soča River south of Most na Soči in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Drobočnik	Slovenia
country	Eedu is a village in Karkala, Udupi district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Eedu	India
country	N. Zahle's School (Danish: N. Zahles Skole) is a private school located on Nørre Voldgade in Copenhagen, Denmark.	N. Zahle's School	Denmark
country	Kormandar (Persian: كرمندار‎, also Romanized as Kormandār) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kormandar	Iran
country	Mian Talak (Persian: ميان تلك‎, also Romanized as Mīān Talak) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mian Talak	Iran
country	The SPICE Arena, previously known as the Penang International Sports Arena (PISA), is an indoor arena located in Penang, Malaysia.	SPICE Arena	Malaysia
country	Hubert Burda Media began as an Offenburg, Germany, printing facility in 1898, founded by Franz Burda I. The company expanded between 1898 and 1945 to include the production of dressmaking patterns and magazines.	Hubert Burda Media	Germany
country	Harrat al Birk is an ancient lava field located along Saudi Arabia's Red Sea coastline.	Harrat al Birk	Saudi Arabia
country	The Central Armed Police Forces (CAPF) (Hindi: केंद्रीय सशस्त्र पुलिस बल) refers to uniform nomenclature of five security forces in India under the authority of Ministry of Home Affairs.	Central Armed Police Forces	India
country	The Huerta de la Alcurnia was a Moorish garden in medieval Islamic Toledo, in Al-Andalus, present day Spain.	Huerta de la Alcurnia	Spain
country	Francisco Primo de Verdad National Airport (sometimes abbreviated as Francisco P.V. y R. Airport) (IATA: LOM) is a domestic airport serving Lagos de Moreno, in the Jalisco province of Mexico.	Francisco Primo de Verdad National Airport	Mexico
country	Defkandar (Persian: دفكاندر‎, also Romanized as Defkāndar; also known as Defkūndar and Defqāndar) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Defkandar	Iran
country	Bessastaðir (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈpɛsaˌstaːðɪr̥)) is today the official residence of the President of Iceland and is situated on Garðabær, not far from the capital city, Reykjavík.	Bessastaðir	Iceland
country	The Alexander Dennis Enviro500 (previously known as the TransBus Enviro500) is a three-axle double-decker bus built by Alexander Dennis (formerly by TransBus) in the United Kingdom.	Alexander Dennis Enviro500	United Kingdom
country	Widełki (viˈdɛu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Widełki	Poland
country	Boudh (also known as Baudhgarh) is a town and a notified area committee in Boudh district in the state of Odisha, India.	Boudh	India
country	The Shiba-Baranai-Gurnai River is located in western Bangladesh.	Shiba-Baranai-Gurnai River	Bangladesh
country	Isla Pavón (Pavon Island) is an island in the Santa Cruz River in the department of Corpen Aike in Santa Cruz province in southern Argentina.	Isla Pavón	Argentina
country	The Dwars door de Vlaamse Ardennen is a cycling race held annually in the province of East Flanders, Belgium.	Dwars door de Vlaamse Ardennen	Belgium
country	Furmanów (furˈmanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Furmanów	Poland
country	Ljusdal ((ˈjʉ́sdɑ̀ːl)) is a locality and the seat of Ljusdal Municipality, Gävleborg County, Sweden with 6,230 inhabitants in 2010.	Ljusdal	Sweden
country	The Metuje (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɛtujɛ); German: Mettau) is a river in north-eastern Czech Republic.	Metuje	Czech Republic
country	Lelis (ˈlɛlis) is a village in Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lelis	Poland
country	Arthez-d'Asson (Occitan: Artés d'Asson) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Arthez-d'Asson	France
country	Torre del Bierzo (Galician: Torre do Bierzo) is a village and municipality in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).	Torre del Bierzo	Spain
country	Örebro Airport (IATA: ORB, ICAO: ESOE) is located 10 kilometers southwest of Örebro and is Sweden's 23rd largest passenger airport and the 4th largest cargo airport.	Örebro Airport	Sweden
country	Tambacounda is the largest city in eastern Senegal, 400 kilometres (250 mi) southeast of Dakar, and is the Regional capital of the province of the same name.	Tambacounda	Senegal
country	Planplatten (2,245 m) is a mountain situated above Meiringen in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland.	Planplatten	Switzerland
country	Rostov-on-Don (Russian: Росто́в-на-Дону́, tr. Rostov-na-Donu; IPA: (rɐˈstof nə dɐˈnu)) is a port city and the administrative center of Rostov Oblast and the Southern Federal District of Russia.	Rostov-on-Don	Russia
country	Trikāta parish (Latvian: Trikātas pagasts) is a constituent part of Beverīna Municipality (formerly of Valka District, Latvia, before the July 1, 2009, administrative reform).	Trikāta parish	Latvia
country	Serra d'En Galceran (Valencian pronunciation: (ˈsɛra ðeŋ ɡaɫseˈɾan), Spanish: Sierra de Engarcerán) is a mountain range of the Valencian Community, Spain.	Serra d'En Galceran	Spain
country	Boulcott is a central suburb of Lower Hutt City situated in the south of the North Island of New Zealand.	Boulcott	New Zealand
country	Redwood Castle (also known as Egan Castle or Caislean Choillte Rua in Irish) is a Norman castle near Lorrha in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Redwood Castle	Ireland
country	The Leyte Normal University is a public university in the Philippines.	Leyte Normal University	Philippines
country	Lake Robe Game Reserve is a protected area located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of the town of Robe in South Australia.	Lake Robe Game Reserve	Australia
country	2005 S.League was the tenth season of Singapore's professional football league.	2005 S.League	Singapore
country	Tubli (Arabic: توبلي‎) is a village in Bahrain.	Tubli	Bahrain
country	Felege Selam (formerly known as Mender 4) is a town in western Ethiopia.	Felege Selam	Ethiopia
country	Steinfort (Luxembourgish: Stengefort) is a commune and town in western Luxembourg.	Steinfort	Luxembourg
country	The Kentish Hotel is a tavern in Waiuku, New Zealand that lays claim to the longest continuous liquor license in the country.	The Kentish Hotel	New Zealand
country	The Universidad del Nuevo Mundo (UNUM, New World university) belongs to the Albatros College system, and is remarked as a high-class school in Mexico City's private zone.	Universidad del Nuevo Mundo	Mexico
country	Mahseya (Hebrew: מַחְסֵיָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Mahseya	Israel
country	Spišská Belá (German: Zipser Bela; Hungarian: Szepesbéla; Polish: Biała Spiska) is a town in the Kežmarok District in the Prešov Region in Spiš in northern Slovakia.	Spišská Belá	Slovakia
country	The Casma River which upstream is called Río Grande is a river that crosses northern Casma province in the Ancash Region of Peru.	Casma River	Peru
country	Nehenjeh (Persian: نهنجه‎, also Romanized as Nahenjeh; also known as Nanjeh and Nenjeh) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nehenjeh	Iran
country	Gaga'emauga is an district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Gaga'emauga	Samoa
country	Ņukši parish (Latvian: Ņukšu pagasts) was an administrative unit of the Ludza District, Latvia.	Ņukši parish	Latvia
country	Wola Dębowiecka (ˈvɔla dɛmbɔˈvjɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Dębowiecka	Poland
country	Mallakottai (Tamil: மல்லாகோட்டை) is the name of a panchayat village in Sivagangai district of Tamil Nadu state in South India.	Mallakottai	India
country	Repulse Bay is a bay in the southern part of Hong Kong Island, located in the Southern District, Hong Kong.	Repulse Bay	Hong Kong
country	The Abbey of San Guglielmo al Goleto in what is now Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi, Italy, was founded by Saint William of Vercelli in the year 1114.	Abbey of San Guglielmo al Goleto	Italy
country	The Cercle Gaulois became Cercle Royal Gaulois (``Gallic Royal Cercle'') by authorization of his Majesty King Leopold III of Belgium on 16 February 1937.	Cercle Gaulois	Belgium
country	Purgałki (purˈɡau̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłowo-Osada, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Purgałki	Poland
country	Kilindini Harbour is a large, natural deep-water inlet extending inland from Mombasa, Kenya.	Kilindini Harbour	Kenya
country	Whitesands or White Sands is a village on the island of Tanna in Vanuatu.	Whitesands	Vanuatu
country	Souk Lahad (Arabic: سوق الأحد‎ Sūq al Aḥad) is an oasis town and commune in the Kébili Governorate, Tunisia, about 15 kilometers northwest of the town of Kébili.	Souk Lahad	Tunisia
country	The Miravalles Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in Costa Rica.	Miravalles Volcano	Costa Rica
country	The Giudecca Canal is a body of water that flows into the San Marco basin in Venice, Italy.	Giudecca Canal	Italy
country	Comisarovca Nouă (Ukrainian: Нова Комісарівка, Nova Komisarivka Russian: Новокомиссаровка, Novokomissarovka) is a commune in the Dubăsari District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Comisarovca Nouă	Moldova
country	Pasgah Hudian (Persian: پاسگاه هوديان‎, also Romanized as Pāsgāh Hūdīān) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Pasgah Hudian	Iran
country	Primož pri Ljubnem (pronounced (ˈpriːmɔʃ pri ˈljuːbnɛm)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Ljubno ob Savinji in Slovenia.	Primož pri Ljubnem	Slovenia
country	The Paradesi Synagogue is the oldest active synagogue in the Commonwealth of Nations, located in Kochi, Kerala, in South India.	Paradesi Synagogue	India
country	The Hermitage Hunting Lodge (Danish: Eremitageslottet or Eremitagen) is located in Dyrehaven north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Hermitage Hunting Lodge	Denmark
country	Guranabad-e Qazi (Persian: گوران ابادقاضي‎, also Romanized as Gūrānābād-e Qāẕī) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Guranabad-e Qazi	Iran
country	The Village Defence Party (VDPs) is a law enforcement force in Bangladesh, organised in distinct units at the level of individual villages and urban towns.	Village Defence Party	Bangladesh
country	Orsay (pronounced: (ɔʁ.sɛ)) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Orsay	France
country	Sela pri Šumberku (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈʃuːmbɛɾku)) is a village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Šumberku	Slovenia
country	Lanwaley (Somali: Laanwaaleey) is a town in the north-central Mudug region of Somalia.	Lanwaley	Somalia
country	Juklevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Hemsedal (in Buskerud county) and Lærdal (in Sogn og Fjordane county), Norway.	Juklevatnet	Norway
country	Stanatovići (Cyrillic: Станатовићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Stanatovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Clash achieved commercial success in the United Kingdom with the release of their debut album, The Clash, in 1977.	The Clash	United Kingdom
country	Ländchen Friesack is a small ridge, up to 77 metres above sea level (NN), northwest of Germany's capital city, Berlin, and southwest of the town of Friesack.	Ländchen Friesack	Germany
country	Iglesia de Santa Eulalia (Selorio) is a church in Asturias, Spain.	Iglesia de Santa Eulalia (Selorio)	Spain
country	Masidar-e Sofla (Persian: ماسيدرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Māsīdar-e Soflá; also known as Māsīdar and Māsīdar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Masidar-e Sofla	Iran
country	Bondoukou (var. Bonduku, Bontuku) is a city in north-eastern Ivory Coast, 420 km northeast of Abidjan.	Bondoukou	Ivory Coast
country	Paroreio (Greek: Παρόρειο, before 1926 Μπίτουσα, Macedonian Slavic/Bulgarian: Битуша, Bituša/Bitusha) is a small village located about 15 kilometres north of Florina, the capital of the regional unit of Florina in northwestern Greece.	Paroreio	Greece
country	Maolin District (Chinese: 茂林區; pinyin: Màolín Qū) is a mountain indigenous district of Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Maolin District	Taiwan
country	The White Hill Wind Farm is a wind farm in New Zealand operated by Meridian Energy.	White Hill Wind Farm	New Zealand
country	Santa Maria delle Vigne is a Roman Catholic basilica church in Genoa, northern Italy.	Santa Maria delle Vigne	Italy
country	The Arabian Sea Country Club (A.S.C.C.L.), is a recreational club with a golf course and several other sporting facilities, located in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Arabian Sea Country Club	Pakistan
country	Bourke Airport (IATA: BRK, ICAO: YBKE) is an airport located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) north of Bourke, New South Wales, Australia.	Bourke Airport	Australia
country	Polus City Center is a shopping mall in Bratislava, opened in November 2000 it was the first modern shopping mall in Slovakia.	Polus City Center	Slovakia
country	Sorkheh Hesar (Persian: سرخه حصار‎, also Romanized as Sorkheh Ḩeşār) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sorkheh Hesar	Iran
country	Nishiogikubo (西荻窪) is a district within Suginami Ward of Tokyo in Japan.	Nishiogikubo	Japan
country	The Soboth Pass (elevation 1347 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps, located north of the border between Austria and Slovenia in the Austrian states of Styria and Carinthia connecting Soboth and Lavamünd.	Soboth Pass	Austria
country	Sibbald Point Provincial Park is a provincial park located in Sutton West, Ontario, Canada on the southern shores of Lake Simcoe, 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Toronto.	Sibbald Point Provincial Park	Canada
country	Higashi-Kakogawa is the second city centre of Kakogawa City in Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.	Higashi-Kakogawa	Japan
country	The Savonlinja Group is the most important bus-service provider in Eastern Finland, and is building an ever-stronger presence in public transport in Southern Finland.	Savonlinja	Finland
country	The ancient temple-complex, perhaps of Huzirina, now represented by the tell of Sultantepe, is a Late Assyrian archeological site at the edge of the Neo-Assyrian empire, now in Şanlıurfa Province, Turkey.	Sultantepe	Turkey
country	The Clarke Medal is awarded by the Royal Society of New South Wales, the oldest learned society in Australia and in the Southern Hemisphere, for distinguished work in the Natural sciences.	Clarke Medal	Australia
country	Rustenburg Airfield (ICAO: FARG), licensed according to South African Civil Aviation Authority standards, is a municipal airport situated near Rustenburg in the North West province of South Africa.	Rustenburg Airfield	South Africa
country	After their arrival in India, the people of Goraya (known as Manchester of Punjab, for no clear reason) of Jats founded another village on G.T, Road between Ludhiana and Jalandhar, and named it after old principal city in Central Asia as Goraya.	Goraya	India
country	Dembidolo (or Dembi Dolo; formerly Sayo) is a market town and separate woreda in south-western Ethiopia.	Dembidolo	Ethiopia
country	Place de Ville is a complex of office towers in downtown Ottawa, Canada.	Place de Ville	Canada
country	Wendron (Cornish: Gwendron) is a village and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Wendron	United Kingdom
country	Analamanga is a region in central Madagascar, containing the capital Antananarivo and its surrounding metropolitan area.	Analamanga	Madagascar
country	Ouchy is a port, and popular lakeside resort located south of the city of Lausanne in Switzerland at the edge of Lake Geneva (French: lac Léman).	Ouchy	Switzerland
country	Dapparay (Russian: Даппарай) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Kyllakh, in Kyllakhsky Rural Okrug of Olyokminsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Dapparay	Russia
country	San Pablo La Laguna (Spanish pronunciation: (sam ˈpaβlo la laˈɣuna)) is a municipality in the Sololá department of Guatemala.	San Pablo La Laguna	Guatemala
country	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, comprising the lands of the region of Sayn.	Sayn-Wittgenstein-Sayn	Germany
country	Velyki Ozera (Ukrainian: Великі Озера; Polish: Jeziory) is a village in the Polesia region of Ukraine.	Velyki Ozera	Ukraine
country	Makoura College (spelled Makora College prior to 1990) is a state co-educational secondary school located in Masterton, New Zealand.	Makoura College	New Zealand
country	The Hardrada dynasty (Norwegian: Hardrådeætta) was a powerful royal ``house'' or ``dynasty'' which ruled, at various times in history, Kingdom of Norway, Kingdom of Mann and the Isles, Earldom of Orkney.	Hardrada dynasty	Norway
country	Dashak (Persian: داشك‎, also Romanized as Dāshak) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dashak	Iran
country	Now Deh-e Gonabad (Persian: نوده گناباد‎, also Romanized as Now Deh-e Gonābād; also known as Now Deh and Naudeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Now Deh-e Gonabad	Iran
country	Stare Glinki (ˈstarɛ ˈɡliŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sypniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Glinki	Poland
country	Crasnoe (Russian: Красное, Krasnoye, Ukrainian: Красне, Krasne) is a town in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Crasnoe	Moldova
country	The Rivne Nuclear Power Plant (Ukrainian: Рівненьська АЕС) is a nuclear power plant in Kuznetsovsk, Rivne Oblast, Ukraine.	Rivne Nuclear Power Plant	Ukraine
country	Bajram Curri Boulevard is a major boulevard of Tirana, Albania.	Bajram Curri Boulevard	Albania
country	Lubosina (lubɔˈɕina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lubosina	Poland
country	Mamburao Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Mamburao) (IATA: MBO, ICAO: RPUM) is an airport serving Mamburao, a municipality in and the capital of the province of Occidental Mindoro in the Philippines.	Mamburao Airport	Philippines
country	Mindszentkálla is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary, with a population of 327.	Mindszentkálla	Hungary
country	Islam Pura (Urdu: اسلام پورہ ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Saddar Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Islam Pura	Pakistan
country	Zabirah is a locality in northern Saudi Arabia.	Zabirah	Saudi Arabia
country	Diphu Pass is a mountain pass at the tri-point of the borders of India, China, and Myanmar.	Diphu Pass	India	Myanmar
country	Bongseong-myeon (Hangeul: 봉성면, Hanja: 鳳城面) is a myeon or a township in Bonghwa county of North Gyeongsang province in South Korea.	Bongseong-myeon	South Korea
country	Marlborough Girls' College is a single-sex secondary school in Blenheim, New Zealand.	Marlborough Girls' College	New Zealand
country	The Andrew Johnston Big Scrub Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.	Andrew Johnston Big Scrub Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Lontov (Hungarian: Lontó) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia.	Lontov	Slovakia
country	Netiv HaShayara (Hebrew: נְתִיב הַשַּׁיָּרָה, lit. Path of the Convoy) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Netiv HaShayara	Israel
country	Ölüdeniz (literally Dead Sea, due to its calm waters even during storms; official translation name Blue Lagoon) is a small village and beach resort in the Fethiye district of Muğla Province, on the Turquoise Coast of southwestern Turkey, at the conjunction point of the Aegean and Mediterranean seas.	Ölüdeniz	Turkey
country	Kunturqucha (Quechua hatun big, tipiy to husk maize, to snap, to break, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Condorccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Paucar del Sara Sara Province, Oyolo District.	Kunturqucha	Peru
country	Mole Beach (Portuguese: (ˈpɾaj.ɐ ˈmɔli), Praia Mole) is located in the city of Florianópolis, Brazil.	Mole Beach	Brazil
country	The Kelkit River (Turkish: Kelkit Irmağı or Kelkit Çayı; Latin Lykus), is a river in the Black Sea Region of Turkey.	Kelkit River	Turkey
country	Le Boulou (French: (lə bu.lu); Catalan: El Voló (əl βuˈlo)) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Le Boulou	France
country	Torrens Island is located in the Port River Estuary between the Port River and Barker Inlet, about 15 km northwest of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia.	Torrens Island	Australia
country	Chol (Choll) is a village at the northern end of Ngaraard State in the Republic of Palau.	Choll	Palau
country	Mont Saint-Sauveur (French pronunciation: ​(mɔ̃ sɛ̃ sovœʁ)) is a ski mountain and resort located in Saint-Sauveur, Quebec, 45 minutes north of Montreal, Canada, in the Laurentian mountains.	Mont Saint-Sauveur	Canada
country	Albino Rock, formerly White Rock, is an island east of Great Palm Island, part of the Greater Palm group in Queensland, Australia.	Albino Rock	Australia
country	Quti Darreh-ye Bala (Persian: قوطي دره بالا‎, also Romanized as Qūţī Darreh-ye Bālā) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Quti Darreh-ye Bala	Iran
country	The Constitution House of Tabriz, also known as Khaneh Mashrouteh, is a historical edifice located next to the Great Bazaar of Tabriz, on Motahari Ave in Tabriz, Iran.	Constitution House of Tabriz	Iran
country	Mountains Christian Academy (MCA) was a small private school attached to a church community in Blackheath, New South Wales, Australia known as the Covenant Evangelical Church.	Mountains Christian Academy	Australia
country	Kljajićevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Кљајићево) is a village in Serbia.	Kljajićevo	Serbia
country	The Topkapı Palace (Turkish: Topkapı Sarayı or in Ottoman: طوپقاپو سرايى) or the Seraglio is a large palace in Istanbul, Turkey, that was one of the major residences of the Ottoman sultans for almost 400 years (1465--1856) of their 624-year reign.	Topkapı Palace	Turkey
country	The Pișcolt oil field is located in Pișcolt, Satu Mare County, Romania.	Pișcolt oil field	Romania
country	Comacchio (koˈmakkjo) is a town and comune of Emilia Romagna, Italy, in the province of Ferrara, 48 kilometres (30 mi) from the provincial capital Ferrara.	Comacchio	Italy
country	Rockenhausen is a town in the Donnersbergkreis, in Rheinland Pfalz, Germany.	Rockenhausen	Germany
country	Shaikh Zayed International Airport (IATA: RYK, ICAO: OPRK), also known as Rahim Yar Khan Airport, is located at Rahim Yar Khan, in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Shaikh Zayed International Airport	Pakistan
country	Ukai Thermal Power Station of the Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited, India, is a power station with an installed capacity of 850 MW.	Ukai Thermal Power Station	India
country	The Association of the Three Rivers communes (French: Communauté de communes des Trois Rivières) is a French administrative association of rural communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Lorraine.	Association of the Three Rivers communes	France
country	Avber (pronounced (ˈaːu̯bəɾ); Italian: Alber) is a village in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Avber	Slovenia
country	Khak Mardan (Persian: خاكمردان‎, also Romanized as Khāk Mardān and Khākmardān; also known as Khaimar Dan, Khaymardan, and Kheymardan) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khak Mardan	Iran
country	Dulene (Serbian: Дулене) is a village in Pivara municipality in Kragujevac city district in the Šumadija District of central Serbia.	Dulene	Serbia
country	Zarrentin am Schaalsee, until 2004 simply Zarrentin, is a town in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Zarrentin am Schaalsee	Germany
country	Lama River (Russian: Ла́ма) is a river in the Moscow and Tver Oblasts in Russia, a tributary of the Shosha River.	Lama River	Russia
country	Kushat-e Sum (Persian: كوشات سوم‎, also Romanized as Kūshāt-e Sūm) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kushat-e Sum	Iran
country	Machadodorp, also known by its official name eNtokozweni, is a small town situated near the edge of the escarpment in the Mpumalanga province, South Africa.	Machadodorp	South Africa
country	Or HaNer (Hebrew: אוֹר הַנֵּר, lit. Light of the Candle) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Or HaNer	Israel
country	Lay Gerdular (Persian: لاي گردولر‎, also Romanized as Lāy Gerdūlar; also known as Lāy Gerdū) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Rostaq District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lay Gerdular	Iran
country	Hospital de Órbigo (Spanish pronunciation: (ospiˈtal de ˈorβiɣo)) is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Hospital de Órbigo	Spain
country	Mazraeh-ye Shariati (Persian: مزرعه شريعتي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sharī``atī) is a village in Dowbaran Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Shariati	Iran
country	Wakes Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in the northeast corner of Valdes Island, located in the Gulf Islands in British Columbia, Canada.	Wakes Cove Provincial Park	Canada
country	Kassowal railway station (Urdu: کسووال ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎)is located in Kassowal town, Sahiwal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Kassowal railway station	Pakistan
country	Sucé-sur-Erdre (Breton: Sulieg) is a commune in the Loire-Atlantique department in western France.	Sucé-sur-Erdre	France
country	St Mark's Church School is the only independent Anglican co-educational school in Wellington, New Zealand for children aged from two (Early Childhood) to Year 8.	St Mark's Church School	New Zealand
country	The Metropolitan Region of Campinas (Portuguese: Região Metropolitana de Campinas) is an administrative division of the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Metropolitan Region of Campinas	Brazil
country	Belledonne (French: La chaine de Belledonne) is a mountain range (French: massif) in the Dauphiné Alps (part of the French Alps) in southeast France.	Belledonne	France
country	Sherathang is a town in Sikkim near the Nathula Pass in India.	Sherathang	India
country	The Municipality of Radovljica (Slovene: Občina Radovljica) is a municipality in the Upper Carniola region of northern Slovenia.	Municipality of Radovljica	Slovenia
country	Campo Atlético Charles H. Terry (English: Charles H. Terry Athletic Field), or simply, El Charles H. Terry is the oldest continuously-functioning athletic field and baseball park in Puerto Rico, and the second oldest in the Caribbean.	Campo Atlético Charles H. Terry	Puerto Rico
country	The North Kara basin is a sedimentary basin, a part of the Arctic shelf of Russia, associated with the Kara Sea.	North Kara basin	Russia
country	Plovdiv Airport (Bulgarian: Летище Пловдив, Letishte Plovdiv) (IATA: PDV, ICAO: LBPD) is the airport of the second largest city in Bulgaria, Plovdiv and is the country's 4th busiest behind Sofia, Burgas & Varna.	Plovdiv Airport	Bulgaria
country	The 1913 Asmara earthquake took place outside Asmara, Eritrea on 27 February.	1913 Asmara earthquake	Eritrea
country	The Château d'Apremont is a ruined 16th century château in the commune of Apremont in the Vendée département of France.	Château d'Apremont	France
country	The Gare de Persan-Beaumont (Persan-Beaumont Station) is a railway station in Persan (Val-d'Oise department), France, near Beaumont-sur-Oise.	Gare de Persan-Beaumont	France
country	Vácrátót Botanical Garden (Hungarian: Vácrátóti botanikus kert) is a botanical garden in Hungary maintained by the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Vácrátót Botanical Garden	Hungary
country	Beirut Municipal Stadium (Arabic: ملعب بيروت البلدي‎) is an 18,000 capacity multi-purpose stadium in Beirut, Lebanon.	Beirut Municipal Stadium	Lebanon
country	Lule River (Swedish: Lule älv, Luleälven) is a major river in Sweden, rising in northern Sweden and flowing southeast for 460 km (290 mi) before reaching the Gulf of Bothnia at Luleå.	Lule River	Sweden
country	Geneina Airport (IATA: EGN, ICAO: HSGN) is an airport serving Geneina, in the Darfur region of Sudan.	Geneina Airport	Sudan
country	Montenegrin Ground Army is the primary component of Military of Montenegro.	Montenegrin Ground Army	Montenegro
country	Atlantis Marine Park was a theme park built in 1981 in Two Rocks, a small fishing community 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Perth, the capital of Western Australia.	Atlantis Marine Park	Australia
country	Somali Airlines was the flag carrier of Somalia.	Somali Airlines	Somalia
country	Mount Sapo is a fictional mountain supposed to exist somewhere near Rome, presumably in Italy.	Mount Sapo	Italy
country	Pigany (pʲiˈɡanɨ) (Ukrainian: Пігани, Pihany) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieniawa, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Pigany	Poland
country	Lake Miyagase (宮ヶ瀬湖) is a lake within the Aiko District of Kanagawa, Japan, located between Sagamihara and Atsugi.	Lake Miyagase	Japan
country	Nxai Pan National Park is a national park in north-eastern Botswana, consisting of Nxai Pan, which is one of the Makgadikgadi Pan salt flats.	Nxai Pan National Park	Botswana
country	The Stikine Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Stikine Plateau	Canada
country	Žale Central Cemetery (Slovene: Centralno pokopališče Žale), often abbreviated to Žale, is the largest and the central cemetery in Ljubljana and Slovenia.	Žale	Slovenia
country	Haast Pass is a mountain pass in the Southern Alps of the South Island of New Zealand.	Haast Pass	New Zealand
country	Polemi (Greek: Πολέμι) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus.	Polemi	Cyprus
country	Oldchurch Hospital was a hospital in London, United Kingdom, located in Romford, in the London Borough of Havering and part of the Barking, Havering and Redbridge Hospitals NHS Trust.	Oldchurch Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Bukuru is located on the Jos Plateau in Nigeria.	Bukuru	Nigeria
country	Zoravan (Armenian: Զորավան; formerly, Ghargavank and Pokravan; historically and prior to 1972-80, Khacho) is a village situated along the lower slopes of Mount Ara in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Zoravan	Armenia
country	Queen Juliana Bridge is a four lane road bridge across St. Anna Bay in Willemstad, the capital of Curaçao and formerly, the Netherlands Antilles.	Queen Juliana Bridge	Curaçao
country	Kyunhla (Burmese: ကျွန်းလှ) is a town in Shwebo District, Sagaing Division in north-western Burma (Myanmar) about 70 kilometres east of Mawlaik.	Kyunhla	Myanmar
country	The Protezione Civile (Civil Protection) department is the national body in Italy that deals with the prediction, prevention and management of exceptional events.	Protezione Civile	Italy
country	Dasht-e Qir (Persian: دشتقير‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Qīr) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Qir	Iran
country	Hojr Rural District (Persian: دهستان هجر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hojr Rural District	Iran
country	Worser Bay in Wellington, New Zealand is along the beach from Seatoun and over the hill from Miramar on the Miramar Peninsula.	Worser Bay	New Zealand
country	Sadat-e Sharqi (Persian: سادات شرقي‎, also Romanized as Sādāt-e Sharqī) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadat-e Sharqi	Iran
country	Schlindermanderscheid (Luxembourgish: Schlënnermanescht) is a village in the commune of Bourscheid, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Schlindermanderscheid	Luxembourg
country	The Vanil Noir is a mountain of the Fribourg Prealps, located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in western Switzerland.	Vanil Noir	Switzerland
country	Avdalen is a small side valley of the main Utladalen valley in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Avdalen	Norway
country	Bank Negara Komuter station is a KTM Komuter train station in central Kuala Lumpur, named after the Central Bank of Malaysia headquarters located nearby.	Bank Negara Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Malsheykh (Persian: مال شيخ‎, also Romanized as Mālsheykh) is a village in Tayebi-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Malsheykh	Iran
country	Rusinovo (Macedonian: Русиново) is a village in the Berovo Municipality of Macedonia	Rusinovo	Macedonia
country	Donje Crniljevo (Serbian Cyrillic: Доње Срниљево) is a village in Serbia.	Donje Crniljevo	Serbia
country	Kiteenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in North Karelia region in Finland.	Kiteenjärvi	Finland
country	Qarah Gozlu (Persian: قره گزلو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Gozlū; also known as Qaraguzlu, Qareh Gowzlū, Shamsābād-e Qareh Gozlū, and Shamsābād-e Qoroq) is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qarah Gozlu	Iran
country	Yakawlang (also romanized as Yakaolang) was a city of 65,000 people (est. 2000) in Yakawlang District, Bamyan Province, Afghanistan.	Yakawlang	Afghanistan
country	Mahendranagar Airport (IATA: XMG, ICAO: VNMN) is an airport serving Mahendranagar, a city in the Kanchanpur district of the Mahakali zone in western Nepal.	Mahendranagar Airport	Nepal
country	The Seregovo mine is a large salt mine located in north-western Russia in Komi Republic.	Seregovo mine	Russia
country	Sidi Zahar (Arabic: سيدي الزهار) is a town and commune in Médéa Province, Algeria.	Sidi Zahar	Algeria
country	Observation Post Alpha, OP Alpha or Point Alpha was a Cold War observation post between Rasdorf, Hesse, in what was then West Germany and Geisa, Thuringia, then part of East Germany.	Observation Post Alpha	Germany
country	Thumba is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram city, capital of Kerala, India.	Thumba	India
country	Manggar (芒加尔) is a town in the Indonesian province of Bangka-Belitung, Indonesia.	Manggar	Indonesia
country	The Engeløy Bridges (Norwegian: Engeløybruene) are two bridges in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county, Norway.	Engeløy Bridges	Norway
country	Bad Vöslau Airport (German: Flugplatz Bad Vöslau, ICAO: LOAV) is a public airport located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Bad Vöslau, Niederösterreich, Austria.	Bad Vöslau Airport	Austria
country	Progressive Enterprises is the second largest grocery company in New Zealand (behind Foodstuffs), with a revenue of NZ$4,957 million for the year to June 2009.	Progressive Enterprises	New Zealand
country	Dasty or Dispy was a village in Badakhshan Province, Afghanistan.	Dasty	Afghanistan
country	Łebsko Lake (German: Lebasee) is a coastal lake in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland.	Łebsko Lake	Poland
country	The Rotorua Museum of Art and History is a local museum and art gallery located in Rotorua, Bay of Plenty, North Island, New Zealand.	Rotorua Museum	New Zealand
country	Blaouza (Arabic: بلوزا‎, also spelt Blawza and Blouza), is a Maronite Christian village in the Bsharri District of the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Blaouza	Lebanon
country	Vellarimala is a mountain range in Kerala, India, spread across Thiruvambady Panchayat in Kozhikode district and Meppadi Panchayat in Wayanad district.	Vellarimala	India
country	Dastejeh (Persian: دستجه‎, also Romanized as Dastjeh; also known as Dasteḩeh and Deh Dashteh) is a village in Sahrarud Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dastejeh	Iran
country	Baguiati lies off the Kazi Nazrul Islam Sarani, popularly known as VIP Road, in the north-eastern periphery of Kolkata city, in the state of West Bengal, India .	Baguiati	India
country	Jolalpan Municipality is a municipality in Puebla in south-eastern Mexico.	Jolalpan	Mexico
country	Cannon Rocks is a small seaside town on the Indian Ocean in the Eastern Cape Province, South Africa, between Boknes and the boundary of the Greater Addo Elephant Park.	Cannon Rocks	South Africa
country	Rosignano Solvay is a frazione (detached borough) of Rosignano Marittimo, Tuscany, Italy, located some 25 km from Livorno.	Rosignano Solvay	Italy
country	The Casa de Velázquez is a French school in Spain modelled on the Villa Médicis in Rome, and the fr:	Casa de Velázquez	Spain
country	Cherves-Richemont is a French commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.	Cherves-Richemont	France
country	The Nordhordland Bridge (Norwegian: Nordhordlandsbrua) is a combined cable-stayed and pontoon bridge which crosses Salhusfjorden between Klauvaneset and Flatøy in Hordaland, Norway.	Nordhordland Bridge	Norway
country	Chajjwal is very small village located on Satayana road in Faislabad, Pakistan.	Chajjwal	Pakistan
country	Wellawatte has also produced some of the best cricketers and ruggerites in Sri Lanka.	Wellawatte	Sri Lanka
country	Jalaliyeh-ye Hajeri (Persian: جلاليه هجري‎, also Romanized as Jalālīyeh-ye Hajerī; also known as Jalālīyeh) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jalaliyeh-ye Hajeri	Iran
country	Cod Hole is one of the best known dive sites in the world and is located on the northern end of the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland, Australia on ribbon reef number 10.	Cod Hole	Australia
country	Bodagh Mahalleh (Persian: بداغ محله‎, also Romanized as Bodāgh Maḩalleh) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bodagh Mahalleh	Iran
country	Begunjščica was once an important mining area for manganese ore in Slovenia.	Begunjščica	Slovenia
country	The Campeonato Cearense is the football (soccer) league of the state of Ceará, Brazil.	Campeonato Cearense	Brazil
country	Aabybro is a town in Jammerbugt municipality in Denmark.	Aabybro	Denmark
country	The Bridge at Nimreh is a Roman bridge in the vicinity of Shahba (ancient Philippopolis), Syria, dating to the 3rd or 4th century AD.	Bridge at Nimreh	Syria
country	Shanehband (Persian: شانه بند‎, also Romanized as Shānehband) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shanehband	Iran
country	Jraber (Armenian: Ջրաբեր, also Romanized as Dzhraber and Djraber; formerly, Nikolayevka) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Jraber	Armenia
country	Teofipol Raion (Ukrainian: Теофіпольський район, Teofipol's'kyi raion) is one of the 20 administrative raions (a district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Teofipol Raion	Ukraine
country	The Ocoña River (Spanish: Río Ocoña) is a river located in the Arequipa region in southern Peru.	Ocoña River	Peru
country	Asesewa is a small town and the capital of Upper Manya Krobo district in the Eastern region of southern Ghana.	Asesewa	Ghana
country	Jazz Hot is an influential French quarterly jazz magazine published in Marseille, in the South of France on the Mediterranean coast.	Jazz Hot	France
country	Balgari (Bulgarian: Българи) is a village in Tsarevo Municipality, in Burgas Province, in southeastern Bulgaria.	Balgari	Bulgaria
country	Brokey is the largest island of Breiðafjörður, Iceland.	Brokey	Iceland
country	Sikh Ajaibghar or Sikh Museum is situated at Balongi village, near SAS Nagar (formerly Mohali) Punjab, India.	Sikh Ajaibghar	India
country	Lake Louise railway station in Lake Louise, Alberta, Canada, is a railway station used by the Royal Canadian Pacific train service.	Lake Louise railway station	Canada
country	The Seerenbach Falls (German: Seerenbachfälle) are a cascading set of three waterfalls near Betlis of the Amden municipality near the Walensee, Switzerland.	Seerenbach Falls	Switzerland
country	Pukë is a town and municipality in northern Albania.	Pukë	Albania
country	Palliser Bay is at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand, to the southeast of Wellington.	Palliser Bay	New Zealand
country	Periyar Nagar (Tamil: பெரியார் நகர்), named after the Tamil leader Periyar E. V. Ramasamy is a developed residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India.	Periyar Nagar	India
country	Qaen (Persian: قائن‎, also Romanized as Ghayen, Qayen or Ghaen) is a city in and the capital of Qaen County, in South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qaen	Iran
country	Upernavik (Kalaallisut: ``Springtime Place'') is a small town in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland, located on a small island of the same name.	Upernavik	Greenland
country	County Offaly (Irish: Contae Uíbh Fhailí) is a county in Ireland.	County Offaly	Ireland
country	Cadalso is a small village in the west of Spain, near Portugal.	Cadalso	Spain
country	Harindanga (Bengali : হরিণডাঙা ) is a village under Falta Block, South 24 Parganas district, in West Bengal, India.	Harindanga	India
country	Kunka (Aymara and Quechua for throat, gullet, neck, voice, hispanicized spelling Cunca) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru.	Kunka	Peru
country	Tsaghkahovit (Armenian: Ծաղկահովիտ), known as Haji Khalil until 1946, is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Tsaghkahovit	Armenia
country	Bourg-Bruche (German: Breuscheburg or Burg-Breusch) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Bourg-Bruche	France
country	Attock-Khurd railway station (Urdu: اٹک-خرد ریلوے اسٹیشن‎) is located in Pakistan.	Attock-Khurd railway station	Pakistan
country	Muthuvara Mahadeva Temple (Malayalam: മുതുവറ മഹാദേവക്ഷേത്രം) is a Shiv temple located in Muthuvara, Thrissur city of India.	Muthuvara Mahadeva Temple	India
country	The Lake Sylvester System comprises a system of ephemeral lakes on the Barkly Tableland of the Northern Territory of Australia about 180 km north-east of Tennant Creek.	Lake Sylvester System	Australia
country	Keshel Varzal (Persian: كشل ورزل‎; also known as Keshel) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Keshel Varzal	Iran
country	The Port of Constanța is located in Constanța, Romania, on the western coast of the Black Sea, 179 nautical miles (332 km) from the Bosphorus Strait and 85 nmi (157 km) from the Sulina Branch, through which the Danube river flows into the sea.	Port of Constanța	Romania
country	Alhama de Almería is a municipality of Almería province, in Spain, in the autonomous community of Andalusia.	Alhama de Almería	Spain
country	Pioneer Secondary School (abbreviation: PSS) is a government co-educational secondary school in Jurong West, Singapore.	Pioneer Secondary School	Singapore
country	Monte Arcosu is a mountain in the Sulcis massif, in southern Sardinia, Italy.	Monte Arcosu	Italy
country	Hantumeruitburen (West Frisian: Hantumerútbuorren) is a small village in Dongeradeel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Hantumeruitburen	Netherlands
country	Gambaga Witch camp is a segregated community within Gambaga township in the Northern Region of Ghana established in the 18th century to accommodate alleged witches and wizards who are banished from their communities.	Gambaga Witch camp	Ghana
country	Mailsi (Punjabi,Urdu: میلسی‎) is a city located Punjab, Pakistan.	Mailsi	Pakistan
country	GlobalFest is an annual cultural celebration in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	GlobalFest	Canada
country	The 2007 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on June 10, 2007, at Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada.	2007 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	The Victorian Architecture Awards are architecture awards that are annually awarded to buildings in the state Victoria, Australia.	Victorian Architecture Awards	Australia
country	Bakkehuset (lit. ``The Hill House) is a historic house museum in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bakkehuset	Denmark
country	The Zufrittspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino, Italy.	Zufrittspitze	Italy
country	The Kiev Academic Youth Theatre (Ukrainian: Київський академічний Молодий театр) is a youth theatre in Kiev in Ukraine.	Kiev Academic Youth Theatre	Ukraine
country	The Gaya Line is a short railway line serving Busan, South Korea.	Gaya Line	South Korea
country	Senhora das Dores Church (Portuguese: Igreja de Nossa Senhora das Dores, also referred to as Capela, chapel) is a Roman Catholic church in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Senhora das Dores Church	Portugal
country	EDINA is a UK-based data centre (funded by Jisc), which provides data applications delivered over the Internet and aimed primarily at Higher Education staff and students in the United Kingdom.	EDINA	United Kingdom
country	Harold Cressy High School is a secondary school in District Six of Cape Town in South Africa.	Harold Cressy High School	South Africa
country	Fish Pool is an international commodity exchange located in Bergen, Norway that trades salmon futures.	Fish Pool	Norway
country	Bušinja Vas (pronounced (buˈʃiːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Bušinja vas, German: Wuschinsdorf) is a settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Bušinja Vas	Slovenia
country	Wyźrał (ˈvɨʑrau̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wyźrał	Poland
country	Isla de Janitzio is the main island of Lake Pátzcuaro in the state of Michoacán, Mexico.	Janitzio	Mexico
country	Mount Lyndon is a mountain in the Southern Alps of the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	Mount Lyndon	New Zealand
country	Rahmaniyeh-ye Zabun (Persian: رحمانيه زبون‎, also Romanized as Raḥmānīyeh-ye Zabūn) is a village in Gharb-e Karun Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Rahmaniyeh-ye Zabun	Iran
country	Grayvoron (Russian: Гра́йворон) is a town and the administrative center of Grayvoronsky District in Belgorod Oblast, Russia, located on the shores of the Vorskla (a tributary of the Dnieper) and Grayvoronka Rivers.	Grayvoron	Russia
country	The Southern Daily Echo, more commonly known as the Daily Echo or simply The Echo, is a regional tabloid newspaper based in Southampton, covering the county of Hampshire in the United Kingdom.	Southern Daily Echo	United Kingdom
country	The 2007 Ford World Men's Curling Championship was held at Rexall Place in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada from March 31 --	2007 Ford World Men's Curling Championship	Canada
country	Neustria was made up of the regions between Aquitaine and the English Channel, approximately the north of present-day France, with Paris and Soissons as its main cities.	Neustria	France
country	Sa'ar (Hebrew: סַעַר, lit. Storm) is a kibbutz in the western Galilee in Israel.	Sa'ar	Israel
country	Hombar (Persian: همبر‎; also known as Hombar-e Pā’īn) is a village in Hombarat Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hombar	Iran
country	Colesberg is a town with 17,354 inhabitants in the Northern Cape province of South Africa, located on the main N1 road from Cape Town to Johannesburg.	Colesberg	South Africa
country	The Cours Mirabeau is a wide thoroughfare in Aix-en-Provence, France.	Cours Mirabeau	France
country	Khanshah (Persian: خانشاه‎, also Romanized as Khānshāh; also known as Khūnshā) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khanshah	Iran
country	The Catholic District School Board of Eastern Ontario administers Catholic education for children up to grade 12, in the easternmost counties of Ontario, Canada (Lanark, Leeds and Grenville, Prescott and Russell, Stormont, Dundas and Glengarry) including the cities of Brockville, Clarence-Rockland, Carleton Place and Cornwall.	Catholic District School Board of Eastern Ontario	Canada
country	Ahwiren is a town in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	Ahwiren	Ghana
country	The A70 road is a major road in Scotland, United Kingdom .	A70 road	United Kingdom
country	Pain Khvaf Rural District (Persian: دهستان پائين خواف‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sangan District, Khvaf County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pain Khvaf Rural District	Iran
country	The Eemmeer (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈeɪ̯.mɪːr)) is a lake situated in the middle of the Netherlands between the provinces of Flevoland, Utrecht, and North Holland.	Eemmeer	Netherlands
country	Dana Abad (Danabad) is a village in Jaranwala Tehsil, Faisalabad District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Dana Abad	Pakistan
country	The Thames Valley is a major tourist destination in the United Kingdom for domestic and international visitors.	Thames Valley	United Kingdom
country	Verden an der Aller, also called Verden (Aller) or simply Verden (German pronunciation: (ˈfeːɐ̯dən)), is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, on the river Aller.	Verden an der Aller	Germany
country	Fraser Range Station is a pastoral lease and sheep station located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Norseman in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.	Fraser Range Station	Australia
country	Northeast Adventist College is a Seventh-day Adventist institution of higher learning near Jowai, India.	Northeast Adventist College	India
country	Setidobhan (Nepali: सेतीदोभान ) is a village development committee in Syangja District in the Gandaki Zone of central Nepal.	Setidobhan	Nepal
country	Gypsou, sometimes also Gypsos (Greek: Γύψου, Turkish: Akova) is a village located in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, near the town of Lefkoniko.	Gypsou	Cyprus
country	The Maraekakaho River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region, New Zealand.	Maraekakaho River	New Zealand
country	Yakhfervazan (Persian: يخفروزان‎, also Romanized as Yakhfervazān, Yakhfarvazān, and Yakh Forūzān) is a village in Owch Hacha Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yakhfervazan	Iran
country	The Church of São Miguel do Castelo (Portuguese: Igreja de São Miguel do Castelo) is a medieval church in the civil parish of Oliveira do Castelo, municipality of Guimarães, in the northern district of Braga of Portugal.	Church of São Miguel do Castelo	Portugal
country	The United Kingdom's first speeding fine was handed out by Tonbridge Petty Sessions court in 1896.	Tonbridge	United Kingdom
country	North Eastern Asmara Administration is an administration of Asmara, Eritrea.	North Eastern Asmara Administration	Eritrea
country	Şirvanmeşə is a village in the municipality of Topçu in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şirvanmeşə	Azerbaijan
country	Nehalim (Hebrew: נְחָלִים, lit. Streams) is a religious moshav in central Israel.	Nehalim	Israel
country	Sanremo or San Remo (san ˈremo) (Ligurian: Sanrœmu) is a city on the Mediterranean coast of western Liguria in north-western Italy.	Sanremo	Italy
country	Jednorożec (jɛdnɔˈrɔʐɛt͡s) is a large village (small town by European standards) in central Poland, in Przasnysz County.	Jednorożec	Poland
country	Amestejan (Persian: امستجان‎, also Romanized as Amestejān, Amastjan, and Amestajān; also known as Anestavān and Anistavan) is a village in Chehregan Rural District, Tasuj District, Shabestar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Amestejan	Iran
country	Onnyos (Russian: Оннёс) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Amgino-Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Amginsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 81 kilometers (50 mi) from Amga, the administrative center of the district.	Onnyos	Russia
country	Parthenay (pronounced: (paʁ.tɛn.ɛ)) is an ancient fortified town and commune in the Deux-Sèvres department of the Poitou-Charentes region in western France.	Parthenay	France
country	The Stachelberg fortress (also known as Ježová hora) is one of the largest fortresses in the Czech Republic.	Stachelberg	Czech Republic
country	Klara Sjö (Swedish for ``Lake Klara'') is a canal in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Klara Sjö	Sweden
country	The Verron Range is a mountain range in the southern part of New Ireland, Papua New Guinea, composed of limestone and volcanic rock.	Verron Range	Papua New Guinea
country	San Paolo all'Orto is a Romanesque-style, former Roman Catholic church in Pisa, region of Tuscany, Italy.	San Paolo all'Orto	Italy
country	Ujjain Engineering College is an engineerng college in Ujjain in the state of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Ujjain Engineering College	India
country	Michael Park School is a Waldorf school located in Auckland, New Zealand The school takes students from age 4 (Kindergarten) to school-leaving age (Form 7/Year 13).	Michael Park School	New Zealand
country	Ljubotići (Serbian: Љуботићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ljubotići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Ngwenya Mine is located on Bomvu Ridge, northwest of Mbabane and near the north-western border of Swaziland.	Ngwenya Mine	Swaziland
country	The Castle of Peracense is a castle in Peracense, Aragon, northern Spain.	Castle of Peracense	Spain
country	Shivnarayanpur is a village in the Pirpainti block of Bhagalpur district of Bihar, India.	Shivnarayanpur	India
country	Mlinše (pronounced (ˈmliːnʃɛ); in older sources also Mlinšče, German: Mlinsche) is a village in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in central Slovenia.	Mlinše	Slovenia
country	Aziziye is a municipality and governed district in Greater Erzurum, Turkey.	Aziziye	Turkey
country	Cabana de Bergantiños or Cabana is a municipality in the Province of A Coruña, in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwestern Spain.	Cabana de Bergantiños	Spain
country	Johansfors is a locality situated in Emmaboda Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 409 inhabitants in 2010.	Johansfors	Sweden
country	German submarine U-977 was a World War II Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine which escaped to Argentina after Germany's surrender.	German submarine U-977	Nazi Germany
country	Warrenben Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Yorke Peninsula of South Australia about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north-east of Marion Bay.	Warrenben Conservation Park	Australia
country	Patk-Milot (also: Patkë-Milot) is a locality situated in the central plains of Albania's Western Lowlands region.	Patk-Milot	Albania
country	Lapinje (pronounced (ˈlaːpinjɛ); German: Neugereuth or Laubbüchel) is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Lapinje	Slovenia
country	Erlangen (German pronunciation: (ˈɛrlaŋən); East Franconian: Erlang) is a Middle Franconian city in Bavaria, Germany.	Erlangen	Germany
country	Chah-e Mobarak District (Persian: بخش چاه مبارک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Chah-e Mobarak District	Iran
country	Hoima Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Hoima Hospital is a hospital in the town of Hoima, in Hoima District, Western Uganda.	Hoima Hospital	Uganda
country	Magnuszewice (maɡnuʂɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Magnuszewice	Poland
country	Ruvubu National Park is the largest national park in Burundi covering 508 square kilometres (196 sq mi).	Ruvubu National Park	Burundi
country	The Caroni Swamp is the second largest mangrove wetland in Trinidad and Tobago.	Caroni Swamp	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Kühlungsborn (German pronunciation: (ˈkyːlʊŋsbɔʁn)) is a Seebad (seaside resort) town in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Kühlungsborn	Germany
country	Divnogorsk (Russian: Дивногорск; IPA: (dʲɪvnɐˈɡorsk)) is a town in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located on the Yenisei River, 40 kilometers (25 mi) southeast of Krasnoyarsk, the administrative center of the krai.	Divnogorsk	Russia
country	Bévenais is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.	Bévenais	France
country	The Basilica of Saint-Martin d'Ainay (French: Basilique Saint-Martin d'Ainay) is a Romanesque church in Ainay in the Presqu'île district in the historic centre of Lyon, France	Basilica of Saint-Martin d'Ainay	France
country	Monte Pelmo is a significant mountain of the Dolomites, in the province of Belluno, Northeastern Italy.	Monte Pelmo	Italy
country	Ferdinandshof is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Ferdinandshof	Germany
country	The Akure Ofosu Forest Reserve is situated in SW Nigeria, and covers 394 km2 (152 sq mi).	Akure Ofosu Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Ijero Ekiti is a town in Ekiti State of Nigeria in West Africa.	Ijero Ekiti	Nigeria
country	The Krabi River (Thai: แม่น้ำกระบี่, rtgs: Maenam Krabi, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm krabìː)) is a river in Southern Thailand.	Krabi River	Thailand
country	Norsewood is a small rural town in the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Norsewood	New Zealand
country	Jan van Eyckplein, also known as Jan van Eyck Square, is a square located at the intersection of Academiestraat, Spiegelrei and Spanjaardstraat in Bruges, the capital and largest city of the West Flanders province in the Flemish Region of Belgium.	Jan van Eyckplein	Belgium
country	Uniradze (uniˈrad͡zɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Uniradze	Poland
country	Podlugovi (Bosnian Cyrillic: Подлугови) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Podlugovi	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Struża-Kolonia (ˈstruʐa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trawniki, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Struża-Kolonia	Poland
country	The lake Sigöldulón is a reservoir in Iceland, also known as Krókslón.	Sigöldulón	Iceland
country	Gyumri Railway Station (Armenian: Գյումրու Երկաթուղղային Կայարան), is the oldest railway station in Armenia and the main station of the city of Gyumri.	Gyumri Railway Station	Armenia
country	Xaçmaç (Armenian: Խաչմաչ - Khachmach)) is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xaçmaç	Azerbaijan
country	Neustadt (Dosse) is a town in the district of Ostprignitz-Ruppin, Brandenburg, Germany with a population of 3,575 (as of 2010).	Neustadt (Dosse)	Germany
country	Garryspillane (Irish: Garraí Uí Spealáin), sometimes spelled ``Garryspellane'', is a village in South County Limerick, Ireland, located near Knocklong on the R513 road.	Garryspillane	Ireland
country	Shahrinaw District or Nohiyai Shahrinaw (Tajik: Ноҳияи Шаҳринав/Persian: ناحیهٔ شهرنو‎; Russian spelling; Shakhrinav) is a district belonging to the Districts of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, lying between Tajikistan's capital Dushanbe and Uzbekistan.	Shahrinaw District	Tajikistan
country	DR-4 is the fourth numbered highway of the Dominican Republic.	DR-4	Dominican Republic
country	Tolombeh-ye Mehdi Sefidkar (Persian: تلمبه مهدي سفيدکار‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Mehdī Sefīdkār; also known as Tolombeh-ye Sefīdkār) is a village in Qanatghestan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Mehdi Sefidkar	Iran
country	The Loita Forest, also known as the Loita Naimina Enkiyio Forest or the Forest of the Lost Child, is an upland forest directly adjacent to the plains of the Masai Mara and the Great Rift Valley, Kenya.	Loita Forest	Kenya
country	Govijeh (Persian: گويجه‎, also Romanized as Govījeh and Gūyjeh; also known as Gowjeh and Gujja) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Govijeh	Iran
country	The Mirusha waterfalls (Albanian: Ujëvarët e Mirushës;) are a series of waterfalls found in the Mirusha Park, in central Kosovo.	Mirusha waterfalls	Kosovo
country	Benny Farm is a residential development in the Notre-Dame-de-Grâce district of Montreal, originally developed in the late 1940s by the Government of Canada for returning veterans of the Second World War and their families.	Benny Farm	Canada
country	Tamana Girls High School (玉名女子高校学校 Tamana joshi kōkōgakkō) is a girls high school in Tamana, Kumamoto, Japan.	Tamana Girls High School	Japan
country	Vezmana (Persian: وزمنا‎, also Romanized as Vezmanā and Vazmenā; also known as Zārmeh Khūnī) is a village in Sardar-e Jangal Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vezmana	Iran
country	Stadthalle Graz is the biggest arrangement hall in Graz, Austria.	Stadthalle Graz	Austria
country	Garmkhan (Persian: گرمخان‎, also Romanized as Garmkhān, Garm Khān and Garma Khān) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Garmkhan	Iran
country	CHIJ Saint Theresa's Convent is an all-girls Catholic secondary school in Singapore.	CHIJ Saint Theresa's Convent	Singapore
country	Carmel Beach Railway Station (Hebrew: תחנת הרכבת חיפה חוף הכרמל‎, Taḥanat HaRakevet Haifa Ḥof HaCarmel, lit. Carmel Coast railway station) is an Israel Railways passenger station serving the city of Haifa, Israel.	Carmel Beach Railway Station	Israel
country	The Chindeni River or Cindeni River (Hungarian: Kis-Heveder-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Chindeni River	Romania
country	Ankamaty (ankaˈmatɨ) (German: Ankemitt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ankamaty	Poland
country	Kotowo-Plac (kɔˈtɔvɔ ˈplat͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kotowo-Plac	Poland
country	Cadet College Jhelum is a military prep school in Jhelum, Pakistan, about 4 km from the city of Dina.	Cadet College Jhelum	Pakistan
country	Çamlıhemşin (Laz: ვიჯა/Vica or ვიჯე/Vice; Georgian: ვიჯა/Vija) is a small town and district of Rize Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.	Çamlıhemşin	Turkey
country	Cortes de Arenoso is a municipality of Spain in the Valencian Community, in the province of Castellón.	Cortes de Arenoso	Spain
country	Hrib nad Ribčami (pronounced (ˈxɾiːp nat ˈɾiːptʃami)) is a settlement above Ribče in central Slovenia.	Hrib nad Ribčami	Slovenia
country	Mto wa Mbu, is an administrative ward in the Monduli district of the Arusha Region of Tanzania.	Mto wa Mbu	Tanzania
country	Al Bada (Arabic: البدع‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Bada	United Arab Emirates
country	Rinnleiret is an area on the border of the municipalities of Levanger and Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Rinnleiret	Norway
country	The Information Centre about Asylum and Refugees (ICAR) is an organisation involved in academic research and information provision on asylum seekers and refugees in the United Kingdom.	Information Centre about Asylum and Refugees	United Kingdom
country	Quintrell Downs railway station serves the village of Quintrell Downs in Cornwall, United Kingdom.	Quintrell Downs railway station	United Kingdom
country	Venets Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Венец) is a municipality (obshtina) in Shumen Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Ludogorie geographical region, part of the Danubian Plain.	Venets Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Stidia is a small town and commune in Hassi Mamèche District, Mostaganem Province, Algeria.	Stidia	Algeria
country	Noqreh Deh (Persian: نقره ده‎; also known as Nakordedi, Noghreh Deh, Noqar Deh, and Nowkhowrdeh) is a village in Kiashahr Rural District, Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Noqreh Deh	Iran
country	Světlá nad Sázavou (Czech pronunciation: (ˈsvjɛtlaː ˈnat saːzavou̯); German: Swietla ob der Sasau) is a town in the Vysočina Region, Czech Republic.	Světlá nad Sázavou	Czech Republic
country	Tekulapalle, Tekulapalli or Tekulapally (Telugu: టేకులపల్లి) is a Mandal in Khammam district of TELANGANA STATE, India.	Tekulapalli	India
country	The Arapaoa River is a northeastern arm of the Kaipara Harbour in Northland, New Zealand.	Arapaoa River	New Zealand
country	Mount Brandon or Brandon Mountain (Irish: Cnoc Bréanainn, meaning ``Brendan's hill'') is a 952 m (3123 ft) mountain on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry, Ireland.	Mount Brandon	Ireland
country	The Jade Emperor Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Ngọc Hoàng; official name: Ngọc Hoàng Điện 玉皇殿, ``Jade Emperor Temple'') is a Taoist pagoda located at 73 Mai Thi Luu Street, District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.	Jade Emperor Pagoda	Vietnam
country	Hawke's Bay Airport Terminal is a modern well-equipped building, featuring three check-in counters for Air New Zealand and a check-in counter for Sun Air, together with a cafe, seating area and rental car counters.	Hawke's Bay Airport	New Zealand
country	Hacilar is an early human settlement in southwestern Turkey, 15 km north of present-day Burdur.	Hacilar	Turkey
country	Oberursel (Taunus) is a town in Germany and part of the Frankfurt Rhein-Main urban area.	Oberursel (Taunus)	Germany
country	Mount Fumaiolo (Italian Monte Fumaiolo) is a mountain of the northern Apennines range of Italy located in the southern-most corner of the Emilia-Romagna region, c. 70 km from the town of Cesena.	Mount Fumaiolo	Italy
country	The Canton of Saint-Valery-sur-Somme is a former canton situated in the Somme department of northern France.	Canton of Saint-Valery-sur-Somme	France
country	Ian Thorpe Aquatic and Fitness Centre is a fitness centre in Ultimo, New South Wales, a suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Ian Thorpe Aquatic and Fitness Centre	Australia
country	Schoinousa or Schinoussa (Greek: Σχοινούσα, pronounced (sçiˈnusa)) is an island and a former community in the Cyclades, Greece.	Schoinousa	Greece
country	33rd U-boat Flotilla (``33. Unterseebootsflottille'') was a front-line unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The flotilla was founded at Flensburg in September 1944 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Georg Schewe, though Korvkpt.	33rd U-boat Flotilla	Germany
country	Skrino (Bulgarian: Скрино) is a village in the municipality of Boboshevo, Kyustendil Province, western Bulgaria.	Skrino	Bulgaria
country	In the 18th and 19th centuries when Kolkata was growing and was the capital of the British Empire in India, a large number of Chinese came and settled in the Bowbazar to the Tiretta Bazar area.	Bowbazar	India
country	Galeria Echo is a shopping centre in Kielce in Southern Poland.	Galeria Echo	Poland
country	Argaka (Greek: Αργάκα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 7 km northeast of Polis Chrysochous.	Argaka	Cyprus
country	Großräschen (Sorbian: Rań) is a town in Lower Lusatia, in Germany.	Großräschen	Germany
country	Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges Cathedral (French: Cathédrale Notre-Dame de Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges) is a former Roman Catholic cathedral in Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges, Haute-Garonne, southwestern France.	Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges Cathedral	France
country	Vinice (pronounced (ˈʋiːnitsɛ); German: Weinitz) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Vinice	Slovenia
country	Tovdal (formerly: Lille Topdal) is a former municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Tovdal	Norway
country	Gisund Bridge (Norwegian: Gisundbrua) is a cantilever road bridge on Norwegian County Road 86 in Troms county, Norway.	Gisund Bridge	Norway
country	Girdi Kas is a village located in the Bihsud District of Nangarhar Province in Afghanistan, located around 18 km from the provincial capital Jalalabad.	Girdi Kas	Afghanistan
country	Thumpakhar (Nepali: थुम्पाखर) is a village in Sindhupalchok District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Thumpakhar	Nepal	Nepal
country	Namche Bazaar (also Nemche Bazaar or Namche Baza; Nepali: नाम्चे बजार listen ) is a village and Village Development Committee (Namche) in Solukhumbu District in the Sagarmatha Zone of north-eastern Nepal.	Namche Bazaar	Nepal
country	Pioneer Energy LP (formerly Pioneer Petroleums), commonly referred to as Pioneer, is Ontario, Canada's largest independent gas retailer and convenience store operator.	Pioneer Energy	Canada
country	Chavar (Persian: چوار‎; also Romanized as Chavār, Chawār, and Chūār; also known as Kani Chavar (Persian: كانی چَوار) also Romanized as Kānī Chavār and Kānī Chawār) is a city in and the capital of Chavar District, in Ilam County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Chavar	Iran
country	The Marotandrano Reserve is a wildlife reserve in Mandritsara, Mahajanga, Madagascar.	Marotandrano Reserve	Madagascar
country	Przetycz-Folwark (ˈpʂɛtɨt͡ʂ ˈfɔlvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przetycz-Folwark	Poland
country	Knínice u Boskovic is a small town (městys) in Blansko District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Knínice u Boskovic	Czech Republic
country	Padena-ye Sofla Rural District (Persian: دهستان پادناسفلي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Padena District, Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Padena-ye Sofla Rural District	Iran
country	DanceSport Alberta is the governing body for amateur ballroom dance competition in Alberta, Canada.	DanceSport Alberta	Canada
country	Richmond Secondary School, (commonly, Richmond High School and RHS) is a public, co-educational secondary school located in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada, that educates approximately 1200 students from grades 8 to 12.	Richmond Secondary School	Canada
country	Elduain is a village in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Elduain	Spain
country	The Damascus International Film Festival (Arabic: مهرجان دمشق السينمائي الدولي‎) is a biannual November film festival hosted by the government of Syria since 1979.	Damascus International Film Festival	Syria
country	Nitinat Lake is a large lake and inlet on the southwestern coast of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Nitinat Lake	Canada
country	Watcha Clan is a band from Marseille France that mixes influences of reggae, dub, electronica and jungle.	Watcha Clan	France
country	Rzeszów County (Polish: powiat rzeszowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Rzeszów County	Poland
country	Nordmaling is a locality and the seat of Nordmaling Municipality in Västerbotten County, Sweden with 2,546 inhabitants in 2010.	Nordmaling	Sweden
country	Roigheim (German pronunciation: (ˈʁɔʏk.haɪm)) is a small municipality in Southwest Germany, in Heilbronn County, situated along the Seckach river.	Roigheim	Germany
country	Longtan Lake or Longtan Tourist Pond (Chinese: 龍潭大池; pinyin: Lóngtán Dàchí) is a lake in Shanglin Village, Longtan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Longtan Lake	Taiwan
country	Gujranwala Cantonment is a cantonment adjacent to Gujranwala in Punjab province, Pakistan.	Gujranwala Cantonment	Pakistan
country	The Canton of Lanouaille is a former canton of the Dordogne département, in France.	Canton of Lanouaille	France
country	Tamahara Dam (玉原ダム) is a rock-fill embankment dam on a Tone River tributary in Gunma Prefecture of Japan.	Tamahara Dam	Japan
country	The 1977 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match contested between Hamburg of West Germany and the defending champions, Anderlecht of Belgium.	1977 European Cup Winners' Cup Final	Belgium
country	Almagor (Hebrew: אַלְמָגוֹר) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Almagor	Israel
country	Sri Narayani Hospital & Research Centre is a general hospital located near the famous Srilakshmi Golden Temple in the city of Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Sri Narayani Hospital & Research Centre	India
country	Radwanowice (radvanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabierzów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Radwanowice	Poland
country	Tôlanaro Airport (also known as Marillac Airport) is an airport in Tôlanaro, Anosy Region, Madagascar (IATA: FTU, ICAO: FMSD).	Tôlanaro Airport	Madagascar
country	Voděradské bučiny (Voděrady Beechwood) is a National Nature Reserve located near the town of Černé Voděrady in the Prague-East District, Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Voděradské bučiny	Czech Republic
country	Ripky (Ukrainian: Ріпки) is an urban-type settlement in Chernihiv Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Ripky	Ukraine
country	Arandon is a commune in the Isère department in the Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France.	Arandon	France
country	Landing Zone Schueller (also known as LZ Road or FSB Schueller) is a former U.S. Army base west of An Khê District in central Vietnam.	Landing Zone Schueller	Vietnam
country	The CRA Building (also known as CRA House, Consolidated Zinc Building and Comalco House) was the tallest building in Melbourne, Australia.	CRA Building	Australia
country	Buško Blato or Buško Jezero is an accumulation lake located on the south side of Livanjsko Polje and northwest of Duvanjsko Polje in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Buško Blato	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Joshi's Museum of Miniature Railway is a miniature railway museum located in the Karve Road locality of Pune, a city in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Joshi's Museum of Miniature Railway	India
country	City Harvest Church (Chinese: 城市丰收教会) or CHC is a pentecostal megachurch in Singapore.	City Harvest Church	Singapore
country	Burgos BH-Castilla y León (UCI Team Code: BUR) is a UCI Continental cycling team based in Spain that participates in UCI Continental Circuits races.	Burgos BH	Spain
country	Moschato-Tavros (Greek: Μοσχάτο-Ταύρος) is a municipality in the South Athens regional unit, Attica, Greece.	Moschato-Tavros	Greece
country	Pchery (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpxɛrɪ)) is a village in Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Pchery	Czech Republic
country	The Illinizas are a pair of volcanic mountains that are located to the south of Quito, Ecuador.	Illiniza	Ecuador
country	Pokojnica (pronounced (pɔˈkoːjnitsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Pokojnica	Slovenia
country	Tsrancha (Bulgarian: Црънча) is a village in southwestern Bulgaria.	Tsrancha	Bulgaria
country	'City University of Science and Information Technology, Peshawar (CUSIT) is a private-sector university based in Peshawar, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	City University of Science and Information Technology	Pakistan
country	Yyteri (Swedish: Ytterö) is a district and a beach in the city of Pori, Finland.	Yyteri	Finland
country	Archery at the 2000 Summer Olympics was held at Sydney International Archery Park in Sydney, Australia with ranking rounds on 16 September and regular competition held from 17 to 20 September.	Archery at the 2000 Summer Olympics	Australia
country	Arabaçı (also, Arabachy) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Arabaçı	Azerbaijan
country	Tufashen (Armenian: Տուֆաշեն, also Romanized as Toufashen; formerly, Armutlu) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Tufashen	Armenia
country	The Lyttelton road tunnel runs beneath the Port Hills to the south of the New Zealand city of Christchurch and links the city with its seaport, Lyttelton.	Lyttelton road tunnel	New Zealand
country	Basalorum is a former village in Jörns socken in the north-west part of Skellefteå Municipality, Västerbotten County, Sweden.	Basalorum	Sweden
country	The Institute for International Law of Peace and Armed Conflict (IFHV) at Ruhr University Bochum (Germany) is one of the leading research institutes on humanitarian law and humanitarian studies in Europe.	Institute for International Law of Peace and Armed Conflict	Germany
country	RAF West Drayton was a non-flying Royal Air Force station in West Drayton, within the London Borough of Hillingdon, which served as the main centre for military air traffic control in the United Kingdom.	RAF West Drayton	United Kingdom
country	The Jerusalem Theatre (Hebrew: תאטרון ירושלים‎, aka The Jerusalem Centre for the Performing Arts) is a centre for the performing arts in Jerusalem, Israel.	Jerusalem Theatre	Israel
country	Kardash (also, Kyardash) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kardash	Azerbaijan
country	Wyłudzin (vɨˈwud͡ʑin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piątnica, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyłudzin	Poland
country	Terespol (tɛˈrɛspɔl) is a town in eastern Poland on the border with Belarus.	Terespol	Poland
country	Hato Corozal (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈato koɾoˈsal)) is a town and municipality in the Department of Casanare, Colombia.	Hato Corozal	Colombia
country	Cotoca is a canton and Municipality of Andrés Ibáñez Province in Santa Cruz Department, Bolivia.	Cotoca	Bolivia
country	A security source told the independent news agency Voices of Iraq (VOI) that the incident took place in Falastin Street, eastern Baghdad.	Falastin Street	Iraq
country	Preem is the largest supplier of petroleum products in Sweden and its two refieneries, Preemraff Göteborg in Gothenburg and Preemraff Lysekil in Lysekil represent 80 percent of Sweden's refining capacity.	Preemraff Göteborg	Sweden
country	Eyrewell Forest is a small rural area in the Waimakariri District, New Zealand.	Eyrewell Forest	New Zealand
country	The Bajwat Wildlife Sanctuary in Pakistan includes a complex of natural riverine habitats along the Chenab River and two of its tributaries, extending up to the border with India.	Bajwat Wildlife Sanctuary	Pakistan
country	Kusheh-ye Gardak (Persian: كوشه گرداك‎, also Romanized as Kūsheh-ye Gardāk) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kusheh-ye Gardak	Iran
country	Canasvieiras is a neighbourhood and beach located in southern Brazil, approximately 27 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of the city of Florianópolis on the northern part of Santa Catarina Island.	Canasvieiras	Brazil
country	Winlaton Youth Training Centre was a Government owned and run female youth correctional facility located on 18 acres (73,000 m2) at 186 Springvale Road Nunawading, Victoria, Australia.	Winlaton Youth Training Centre	Australia
country	Seraplana is a hamlet in the east of the Grisons in Switzerland.	Seraplana	Switzerland
country	Ufa (Russian: Уфа́; IPA: (ʊˈfa); Bashkir: Өфө, Öfö; IPA: (ʏ̞ˈfʏ̞), pronunciation ) is the capital city of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, and the industrial, economic, scientific and cultural center of the republic.	Ufa	Russia
country	Lohjan Pallo (abbreviated LoPa) is a football club from Lohja, Finland.	Lohjan Pallo	Finland
country	Ẕāheṟ Khūnē is a small town in Afghanistan with a population of around 1,646.	Ẕāheṟ Khūnē	Afghanistan
country	Radio-Canada, the national publicly funded French-language broadcasting agency, was not involved in The Greatest Canadian project, reducing the input of Canada's French-Canadian minority over the results.	The Greatest Canadian	Canada
country	Dornum is a village and a municipality in the East Frisian district of Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Dornum	Germany
country	Zevenbergen has its own train station which, together with nearby Oudenbosch, has one of the oldest station buildings still existing in the Netherlands.	Zevenbergen	Netherlands
country	The Hungarian Academy of Sciences (Hungarian: Magyar Tudományos Akadémia (MTA)) is the most important and prestigious learned society of Hungary.	Hungarian Academy of Sciences	Hungary
country	Chah-e Ghias (Persian: چاه غياث‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ghīās̱) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Ghias	Iran
country	Zubova Polyana (Russian: Зу́бова Поля́на; Moksha: Зубу) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of Zubovo-Polyansky District of the Republic of Mordovia, Russia.	Zubova Polyana	Russia
country	Gumnišče (pronounced (ɡuˈmniːʃtʃɛ)) is a small village north of Pijava Gorica in the Municipality of Škofljica in central Slovenia.	Gumnišče	Slovenia
country	Chahlak (Persian: چاهلك‎, also Romanized as Chāhlaḵ) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Chahlak	Iran
country	Chah-e Divan (Persian: چاه دیوان ‎) is a village in Hormak Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Divan	Iran
country	Cumbre de la Majadita is a mountain peak in the province of San Juan in Argentina near the town of Rodeo.	Majadita	Argentina
country	Barvikha (Russian: Барви́ха) is a village in Odintsovsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Barvikha	Russia
country	Palapye Airport (IATA: QPH, ICAO: FBPY) is an airfield serving the town of Palapye, Botswana.	Palapye Airport	Botswana
country	Jujeh Heydar (Persian: جوجه حيدر‎, also Romanized as Jūjeh Ḩeydar and Jūjeh Haidar; also known as Chakwal and Chūval) is a village in Bardesareh Rural District, Oshtorinan District, Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Jujeh Heydar	Iran
country	Sacheon Airport is an airport in Sacheon, South Korea (IATA: HIN, ICAO: RKPS).	Sacheon Airport	South Korea
country	Rakan Cop (Malay: Friends of Cops) is the Malaysian community police corps which was launched by Royal Malaysian Police in Kuala Lumpur on 9 August 2005 to help combat crime in the city and any situations around Malaysia.	Rakan Cop	Malaysia
country	Poninka (Ukrainian: Понінка) is an urban-type settlement in the Polonne Raion (district) of the Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine.	Poninka	Ukraine
country	Fürstenberg-Heiligenberg was a County of southern Baden-Württemberg, Germany, located in the historical territory of Heiligenberg.	Fürstenberg-Heiligenberg	Germany
country	Zartoshtabad (Persian: زرتشت اباد‎, also Romanized as Zartoshtābād; also known as Āb-e Zarī, Fajrābād, Zardoshtābād, and Zardushabad) is a village in Khanandabil-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zartoshtabad	Iran
country	Ruhna Vas (pronounced (ˈɾuːxna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Ruhna vas) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Ruhna Vas	Slovenia
country	Salento (Salentu in Salentino dialect) is a geographic region at the southern end of the administrative region of Apulia in Southern Italy.	Salento	Italy
country	Port Blair ( pronunciation ) is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India situated in the Bay of Bengal.	Port Blair	India
country	The Tramway du Cap-Ferret, also known as the Petit train du Cap-Ferret, is a 600 mm (1 ft 11 5⁄8 in) narrow gauge railway on the Atlantic coast of France in the department of Gironde.	Tramway du Cap-Ferret	France
country	The Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon is one of four ecclesiastical provinces in the Anglican Church of Canada.	Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon	Canada
country	Asker Hundred, or Askers härad, was one of the old subdivisions of Sweden's provinces, also known as the Hundreds of Sweden.	Asker Hundred	Sweden
country	Irgenhausen is a village (Aussenwacht) of the municipality of Pfäffikon in the canton of Zurich in Switzerland.	Irgenhausen	Switzerland
country	Rollingergrund (Luxembourgish: Rollengergronn) is an area of north-western Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Rollingergrund	Luxembourg
country	Gamètì/Rae Lakes Airport (IATA: YRA, ICAO: CYRA) is located at Gamèti, Northwest Territories, Canada where Barren-ground Caribou may be found on the runway.	Gamètì/Rae Lakes Airport	Canada
country	The Lezíria Bridge (Portuguese: Ponte da Lezíria) is a box girder bridge flanked by viaducts and rangeviews that spans the Tagus River and the Sorraia River between Carregado and Benavente, northeast of Lisbon, capital of Portugal.	Lezíria Bridge	Portugal
country	The Military Counterintelligence Service (MCS) (Polish: Służba Kontrwywiadu Wojskowego) is one of the principal intelligence agencies of Poland.	Military Counterintelligence Service	Poland
country	South Caicos Airport (IATA: XSC, ICAO: MBSC) is an airport serving South Caicos, the seventh largest of the Turks and Caicos Islands.	South Caicos Airport	Turks and Caicos Islands
country	Porshinev (Tajik: Поршинев), also called Porshinef, is a village and jamoat in eastern Tajikistan It is located in Shughnon District in Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province.	Porshinev	Tajikistan
country	Seymour College is an independent, Uniting Church, day and boarding school for girls, located at Glen Osmond, a suburb 5 km from the Central Business District of Adelaide, South Australia.	Seymour College	Australia
country	Radoviš (Macedonian: Радовиш (ˈradɔviʃ)) is a city in the southeastern part of the Republic of Macedonia.	Radoviš	Macedonia
country	The Palazzo Ravaschieri di Satriano is a monumental palace on the Riviera di Chiaia number 287, in Naples, Italy.	Palazzo Ravaschieri di Satriano	Italy
country	The Château de Tours is a castle located in Tours, Indre-et-Loire, France.	Château de Tours	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Mazidi (Persian: مزرعه محمدمزيدي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Mazīdī) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 12 families.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Mazidi	Iran
country	Halle Münsterland is a 7,000-capacity convention center located in Münster, Germany.	Halle Münsterland	Germany
country	The Daugavpils hydroelectric power station was a proposed hydro power project in Daugavpils, Latvia.	Daugavpils hydroelectric power station	Latvia
country	HM Prison Tarrengower is a women's prison located in Maldon, Victoria, Australia.	HM Prison Tarrengower	Australia
country	According to the 2001 India census, Tagawali had a population of 2094 with 297 households.	Tagawali	India
country	Bazaruto Island Airport (IATA: BZB) is an airport serving Bazaruto Island, Bazaruto Archipelago, Mozambique, and the Bazaruto National Park.	Bazaruto Island Airport	Mozambique
country	The General Treasury Building (also known as the Treasury or the Treasury Building) is the building that houses the Treasury of Sri Lanka and the Ministry of Finance & Planning along with several of its departments.	General Treasury Building	Sri Lanka
country	Tell Abyad (Arabic: تل أبيض‎, Kurdish: Girê Spî‎) is a town and nahiya in Syria.	Tell Abyad	Syria
country	Chah-e Cheshmeh (Persian: چاه چشمه‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Cheshmeh, Chāh Cheshmeh, and Chāh Chashmeh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Cheshmeh	Iran
country	Zdrody Stare (ˈzdrɔdɨ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zdrody Stare	Poland
country	Miszory (miˈʂɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Miszory	Poland
country	Montegordo is a mountain forming part of the eastern end of the Iberian System, Valencian Community, Spain.	Montegordo	Spain
country	Tisselskog Church (Swedish: Tisselskogs kyrka) belongs to the Steneby-Tisselskogs parish in the Diocese of Karlstad, Sweden.	Tisselskog Church	Sweden
country	Clare Island (Oileán Chliara in Irish) is a mountainous island guarding the entrance to Clew Bay in County Mayo, Ireland.	Clare Island	Ireland
country	Horní Řasnice (German: Bärnsdorf an der Tafelfichte) is a village in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic.	Horní Řasnice	Czech Republic
country	Şirinbulaq (also, Alikhanly-Shirin-Bulag) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şirinbulaq	Azerbaijan
country	Protea Glen is a suburb of Johannesburg, Gauteng Province, South Africa, located north of Lenasia and west of Soweto.	Protea Glen	South Africa
country	Rychnów-Kolonia (ˈrɨxnuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blizanów, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Rychnów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Mainpat (मैनपाट) is a small village in the Surguja district in the northern part of the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Mainpat	India
country	The Damascus Opera House (officially Dar al-Assad for Culture and Arts) (Arabic: دار الأسد للفنون والثقافة‎) is the national opera house of Syria.	Damascus Opera House	Syria
country	Toplik (Serbian: Топлик) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Toplik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Indiranagar is a medium-sized neighbourhood in east Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Indiranagar	India
country	Island Park Recreation Reserve is a coastal reserve in Waldronville, just to the southwest of Dunedin, New Zealand.	Island Park Recreation Reserve	New Zealand
country	Ladozhskaya (Russian: Ладожская) is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Ust-Labinsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia, located on the Kuban River.	Ladozhskaya	Russia
country	The Tianshengqiao-I Dam (locally abbreviated as TSQ-I) is a concrete face rock-fill embankment dam and hydroelectric power station on the Nanpan River straddling the border between Guizhou and Guangxi, People's Republic of China, located in the counties of Anlong and Longlin.	Tianshengqiao-I Dam	People's Republic of China
country	Sidi Taifour (Arabic: سيدي طيفور, is a municipality in El Bayadh Province, Algeria.	Sidi Taifour	Algeria
country	The Upper Harz Mining Museum (German: Oberharzer Bergwerksmuseum) is a museum of technological and cultural history in Clausthal-Zellerfeld in the Harz mountains of central Germany.	Upper Harz Mining Museum	Germany
country	The Gulf of Kutch is an inlet of the Arabian Sea along the west coast of India, in the state of Gujarat, and renowned for extreme daily tides.	Gulf of Kutch	India
country	Tchimbélé is a waterfall in the Woleu-Ntem area of northwestern Gabon.	Tchimbélé	Gabon
country	Njegoševo (Serbian Cyrillic: Његошево) is a village in Serbia.	Njegoševo	Serbia
country	Ženje (pronounced (ˈʒeːnjɛ) or (ˈʒɛːnjɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Ženje	Slovenia
country	The Vasco da Gama Tower (Portuguese: Torre Vasco da Gama, pronounced: (ˈtoʁ(ɨ) ˈvaʃku dɐ ˈɡɐmɐ)) is a 145 m lattice tower with skyscraper in Lisbon, Portugal, built over the Tagus river.	Vasco da Gama Tower	Portugal
country	Saint-Martin-de-Pallières, formerly Saint-Martin, is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Saint-Martin-de-Pallières	France
country	Bursut (also, Bırsud and Bursyut) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bursut	Azerbaijan
country	Dollard-des-Ormeaux (often referred to as D.D.O. or simply Dollard) is a predominantly English-speaking on-island suburb of Montreal in southwestern Quebec, Canada.	Dollard-des-Ormeaux	Canada
country	Beni Sidel is a town in the Rif mountain range in northern Morocco.	Beni Sidel	Morocco
country	Vilda Musen, ``The Wild Mouse'', is a roller coaster at Gröna Lund in Stockholm, Sweden.	Vilda Musen	Sweden
country	Dezbon (Persian: دزبن‎; also known as Dīzbon and Dīzīn) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Dezbon	Iran
country	São Miguel das Missões is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul state, southern Brazil.	São Miguel das Missões	Brazil
country	Kaspichan (Bulgarian: Каспичан) is a town in central northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shumen Province.	Kaspichan	Bulgaria
country	Sokehs is a village and municipality on the main island in the state of Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia.	Sokehs	Federated States of Micronesia
country	Established in 1998, The Steve Biko Foundation (SBF) is a community development organisation in South Africa.	Steve Biko Foundation	South Africa
country	Ozolnieki is a village in Latvia and the administrative centre of Ozolnieki municipality.	Ozolnieki	Latvia
country	Oraiokastro (Greek: Ωραιόκαστρο) is a municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece and a suburb of Thessaloniki.	Oraiokastro	Greece
country	The 2008 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré (60th Edition) cycling road race took place from June 8 to June 15, 2008 in France.	2008 Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré	France
country	The Shire of Tungamah was a local government area in the Goulburn Valley region about 240 kilometres (149 mi) northeast of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Tungamah	Australia
country	Debro (pronounced (ˈdɛːbɾɔ)) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Savinja River River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Debro	Slovenia
country	Luzhniki Metro Bridge (Russian: Лужнецкий метромост), also known as Metromost (Метромост), is a concrete double-decked (two-level) arch bridge carrying a road and a Moscow Metro line across the Moskva River in Moscow, Russia.	Luzhniki Metro Bridge	Russia
country	Izhemsky District (Russian: Иже́мский райо́н; Komi: Изьва район) is an administrative district (raion), one of the twelve in the Komi Republic, Russia.	Izhemsky District	Russia
country	Agence Premier Rôle is a talent agency located in Montreal, Canada, created by agent Hélène Mailloux.	Agence Premier Rôle	Canada
country	Kachalun (Persian: كچلون‎, also Romanized as Kachalūn) is a village in Sar Asiab-e Yusefi Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kachalun	Iran
country	OTE Tower is a 76-metre-tall tower located in the Thessaloniki International Exhibition Center in central Thessaloniki, Greece.	OTE Tower	Greece
country	The Quebrada de los Cuervos (Spanish for Crows Ravine) is an important landform in Treinta y Tres Department, Uruguay.	Quebrada de los Cuervos	Uruguay
country	St. Teresa's School Kowloon (STS, Chinese: 九龍聖德肋撒英文學校) was a Roman Catholic co-educational day school, with primary and kindergarten sections, on Prince Edward Road in Kowloon, Hong Kong.	St. Teresa's School Kowloon	Hong Kong
country	The 1976 British Grand Prix (formally the XXIX John Player British Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race held on 18 July 1976 at the Brands Hatch circuit in Kent, England, United Kingdom.	1976 British Grand Prix	United Kingdom
country	The Nawabs of Bhopal were the Muslim rulers of the princely state of Bhopal, now part of the modern state of Madhya Pradesh, in India.	Nawabs of Bhopal	India
country	Ruby Hall Clinic is a prominent hospital in Pune, India.	Ruby Hall Clinic	India
country	The Mape River is a river located in the Morobe Province of Papua New Guinea.	Mape River	Papua New Guinea
country	Chwalimierz (xfaˈlimjɛʂ) (German: Frankenthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chwalimierz	Poland
country	Kani Tayer (Persian: كاني طاير‎, also Romanized as Kānī Ţāyer; also known as Kānī Tāber) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Tayer	Iran
country	Włodary (vwɔˈdarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Włodary	Poland
country	Limbach Municipal Church is a church in Limbach-Oberfrohna in Saxony (Germany), which was built in the 16th century.	Limbach Municipal Church	Germany
country	Šance Dam also known as devils thumb, (Czech: Vodní nádrž Šance) is a water reservoir and dam in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Šance Dam	Czech Republic
country	Troubridge Hill Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on Troubridge Hill on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 13.5 kilometres (8.4 mi) south west of Edithburgh and about 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) west of Troubridge Point.	Troubridge Hill Lighthouse	Australia
country	Metro Centro Médico (Spanish: Estación Centro Médico) is an underground metro station on the Mexico City Metro.	Metro Centro Médico	Mexico
country	Nikolskoye Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Никольское) (ICAO: UHPX) is an airport on Bering Island, Russia located four kilometers southeast of Nikolskoye, Kamchatka Krai.	Nikolskoye Airport	Russia
country	The New Jerusalem Monastery or Novoiyerusalimsky Monastery (Russian: Новоиерусалимский монастырь), also known as the Voskresensky (Resurrection) Monastery, is a male monastery, located in the town of Istra in Moscow Oblast, Russia.	New Jerusalem Monastery	Russia
country	Kushgag (alternative names, Kušgag or Kusgag) is a village in Badakhshan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Kushgag	Afghanistan
country	Mazraeh-ye Tall Roshtan (Persian: مزرعه تل رشتان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Tall Roshtān) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 34, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Tall Roshtan	Iran
country	Radyczyny (radɨˈt͡ʂɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przykona, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Radyczyny	Poland
country	Brestanica (pronounced (ˈbɾeːstanitsa)) is an urban settlement in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Brestanica	Slovenia
country	Qalvaz (Persian: قلوز‎; also known as Qalvaz-e Soflá) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qalvaz	Iran
country	Ignatów-Kolonia (iɡˈnatuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ignatów-Kolonia	Poland
country	Nowe Miasteczko (ˈnɔvɛ mʲasˈtɛt͡ʂkɔ) (German: Neustädtel) is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,823 inhabitants (2004).	Nowe Miasteczko	Poland
country	Veisjärv is a lake of Estonia located on the borders of Karksi Parish and Tarvastu Parish in Viljandi County next to the village of Veisjärve.	Veisjärv	Estonia
country	Sa Đéc Province (tỉnh Sa Đéc) is a former province of South Vietnam.	Sa Đéc Province	Vietnam
country	Agboville is the town in south-eastern Ivory Coast.	Agboville	Ivory Coast
country	Vaalimaa is a border crossing point between Finland and Russia.	Vaalimaa	Finland
country	Gare de Ranguin is a station in a suburb of Cannes, southern France.	Gare de Ranguin	France
country	Kroměříž (Czech pronunciation: (ˈkromɲɛr̝iːʃ); German: Kremsier, Polish: Kromieryż) is a Moravian town in the Zlin Region of the Czech Republic.	Kroměříž	Czech Republic
country	Fuorigrotta (Italian: ``Outside the grotto'') is a western suburb of Naples, southern Italy.	Fuorigrotta	Italy
country	Nishkarak (Persian: نيشكرك‎, also Romanized as Nīshḵaraḵ) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nishkarak	Iran
country	The Medical Center Leeuwarden or MCL (Dutch: Medisch Centrum Leeuwarden) is the hospital of the city of Leeuwarden, and the largest non-university hospital in The Netherlands.	Medical Center Leeuwarden	Netherlands
country	The Landesliga (English: Football State League) is a tier of football in some of the states of Germany.	Landesliga	Germany
country	Swalmen ( pronunciation , Limburgish and town dialect: Zjwame) is a town in the south-eastern Netherlands.	Swalmen	Netherlands
country	Korogwe is a town in Tanzania, with a population of 44,000 in 2002.	Korogwe	Tanzania
country	Sampietrini (also Sanpietrini) is the typical kind of pavement found in the centre of Rome, Italy.	Sampietrini	Italy
country	Zarghun Ghar (Pashto: زرغون غر‎), or Zarghoon Mountains, is a mountain range located in the east of Quetta District, in Balochistan Province, western Pakistan.	Zarghun Ghar	Pakistan
country	Mermaid Records is a Copenhagen, Denmark based record label, and a sublabel of Sony Music Entertainment Denmark.	Mermaid Records	Denmark
country	The Nogoa Division was a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland, Australia.	Nogoa Division	Australia
country	The forerunner of the Port of Tokyo, the Edo Port (Edo Minato) played a very important role in the history of marine transport of Japan and as a distribution point for supplying goods for the people of Edo.	Port of Tokyo	Japan
country	The Amata Spring Country Club is a private golf and country club near to Bangkok, the capital of Thailand.	Amata Spring Country Club	Thailand
country	Carrizo de la Ribera (Spanish pronunciation: (kaˈriθo ðe la riˈβeɾa)) is a town and municipality in the Province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Carrizo de la Ribera	Spain
country	Panajachel (Spanish pronunciation: (panaxaˈtʃel), Pana) is a town in the southwestern Guatemalan Highlands, less than 90 miles from Guatemala City, in the department of Sololá.	Panajachel	Guatemala
country	Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Sciences (GGITS) is a technical institute located in Jabalpur, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Gyan Ganga Institute of Technology and Sciences	India
country	Voždovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Вождовац, pronounced (v̞ɔ̝̌ːʒdɔ̝v̞at͡s)) is an urban neighborhood and one of 17 municipalities which constitute the City of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Voždovac	Serbia
country	Chucándiro is a town and municipality in the state of Michoacán, Mexico.	Chucándiro	Mexico
country	Landing Zone Two Bits (also known as FSB Two Bits) was a U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base located in the Bồng Sơn region northeast of An Khe, Bình Định Province in central Vietnam.	Landing Zone Two Bits	Vietnam
country	The Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) (واٹر اینڈ پاور ڈیولپمنٹ اتھارٹی)is a government-owned public utility maintaining power and water in Pakistan, although it does not manage thermal power.	Water and Power Development Authority	Pakistan
country	Bangui M'Poko International Airport (IATA: BGF, ICAO: FEFF) is an international airport located 7 km (4 miles) northwest of Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic.	Bangui M'Poko International Airport	Central African Republic
country	Drotningsvik is a neighborhood in the city of Bergen, Norway.	Drotningsvik	Norway
country	The Fort de Pontisse is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium.	Fort de Pontisse	Belgium
country	Gide River (Swedish: Gideälven) is a river in Sweden.	Gide River	Sweden
country	Nsanje (formerly Port Herald) is the main town in Nsanje District within the Southern Region of Malawi.	Nsanje	Malawi
country	Baqqal (also, Bakkal) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Baqqal	Azerbaijan
country	Orechová Potôň (Hungarian: Diósförgepatony, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈdioːʃførɡɛpɒtoɲ)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Orechová Potôň	Slovakia
country	Lizaki (liˈzaki) (Kashubian: Lizôczi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lizaki	Poland
country	Lornado is the official residence of the United States Ambassador to Canada, located in the Rockcliffe Park area of Ottawa, Canada.	Lornado	Canada
country	The Aragvi River (Georgian: არაგვი) and its basin are in Georgia on the southern slopes of the Caucasus Mountains.	Aragvi River	Georgia
country	Murwillumbah SC are an Australian soccer club from Gold Coast, New South Wales, Australia.	Murwillumbah SC	Australia
country	Mangetti National Park is a national park located in northern Namibia.	Mangetti National Park	Namibia
country	Daharki Taluka (Sindhi: ڏهرڪي‎) is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Ghotki District in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Daharki Taluka	Pakistan
country	Byarozawka (Belarusian: Бярозаўка, Russian: Берёзовка, Beryozovka) is a city in Lida district, Grodno Region, Belarus.	Byarozawka	Belarus
country	Beyt-e Obeyd (Persian: بيت عبيد‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e ``Obeyd) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 841, in 122 families.	Beyt-e Obeyd	Iran
country	Pars El-Gölü Hotel (Persian: هتل پارس ایل‌گلی‎) five star hotel that is 179 rooms located near the El-Gölü in Tabriz, East Azerbaijan, Iran.	Pars El-Gölü Hotel	Iran
country	After the fall of communism in Poland in 1989, these manufacturers became separate plants, still sharing the PZL name.	PZL	Poland
country	Mariscal Francisco Solano López is a district in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay.	Mariscal Francisco Solano López	Paraguay
country	Changhua, officially known as Changhua City (Chinese: 彰化市), is a county-controlled city and the county seat of Changhua County in Taiwan.	Changhua	Taiwan
country	Horse Park Drive is an arterial road in the Gungahlin district of Canberra, Australia.	Horse Park Drive	Australia
country	The Boulevard de la Madeleine is one of the four 'grands boulevards' of Paris, France, a chain of roads running east-west that includes the boulevard de la Madeleine, the boulevard des Capucines, the boulevard des Italiens and the boulevard Montmartre.	Boulevard de la Madeleine	France
country	Łosice ((wɔˈɕit͡sɛ); Yiddish: לאָשיץ‎ Loshitz) is a town in eastern Poland.	Łosice	Poland
country	Rowta is a small town in Assam, India, connected to NH-52.Pin No-784508.	Rowta	India
country	Yekepa is a town in northern Nimba County in Liberia, lying near the Guinean border.	Yekepa	Liberia
country	Nowy Toporzyk (ˈnɔvɨ tɔˈpɔʐɨk) (formerly German Lankow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowy Toporzyk	Poland
country	The Communauté de communes Les Gués de l'Yerres is a federation of municipalities (communauté de communes) in the Seine-et-Marne département and in the Île-de-France région of France.	Communauté de communes Les Gués de l'Yerres	France
country	Qezel Dagh (Persian: قزل داغ‎, also Romanized as Qezel Dāgh; also known as Qezel Dāghī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qezel Dagh	Iran
country	Challhöchi Pass (el. 747 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border of the cantons of Basel-Country and Solothurn in Switzerland.	Challhöchi Pass	Switzerland
country	General Delgado is a district in Itapúa department of Paraguay.	General Delgado	Paraguay
country	Ptghnavank (Armenian: Պտղնավանք) or Ptghni Church (Armenian:Պտղնի Եկեղեցի) is located in the village of Ptghni in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Ptghnavank	Armenia
country	Gazeta Telegraf is an Albanian language is a daily newspaper published in Albania.	Gazeta Telegraf	Albania
country	Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.	Couzon-au-Mont-d'Or	France
country	Bujumbura International Airport (IATA: BJM, ICAO: HBBA) is an airport in Bujumbura, the capital of Burundi.	Bujumbura International Airport	Burundi
country	Un Chau Estate (Chinese: 元州邨), or Un Chau Street Estate (Chinese: 元州街邨) before redevelopment, is a public housing estate on the reclaimed land of Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located between Un Chau Street and Cheung Sha Wan Road, next to MTR Cheung Sha Wan Station.	Un Chau Estate	Hong Kong
country	The Jardin botanique de Sannois des Plantes Médicinales is a botanical garden of medicinal plants located at 23, rue Alphonse Duchesne, Sannois, Val-d'Oise, Île-de-France, France.	Jardin botanique de Sannois des Plantes Médicinales	France
country	The Turritellenplatte of Ermingen (``Erminger Turritellenplatte'' near Ulm, Germany) is a type of very rich, fossil-bearing rock which is of particular interest to geologists and paleontologists.	Turritellenplatte	Germany
country	Gwengwerere Growth Point is located 12 km south of Chatsworth, Zimbabwe on the Chatsworth to Masvingo dust road.	Gwengwerere	Zimbabwe
country	Shri Shankarlal Sundarbai Shasun Jain College for Women is an arts and science college located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu in southern India.	Shri Shankarlal Sundarbai Shasun Jain College for Women	India
country	Armudaq (Persian: ارموداق‎, also Romanized as Ārmūdāq) is a village in Garmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Armudaq	Iran
country	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District (Persian: دهستان پائين خيابان ليتكوه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District	Iran
country	Perumal Eri is a major fresh water lake in the Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Perumal Eri	India
country	Pinangtinggi is a village in the Jambi Province of Sumatra, Indonesia.	Pinangtinggi	Indonesia
country	Bánovce nad Bebravou (German: Banowitz, Hungarian: Bán) is a town in Slovakia, in the Trenčín Region.	Bánovce nad Bebravou	Slovakia
country	The Mesochora Dam is concrete-face rock-fill dam on the Acheloos River near Mesochora in Trikala, Greece.	Mesochora Dam	Greece
country	Purakin (Persian: پوركين‎, also Romanized as Pūrakīn) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Purakin	Iran
country	Las Parinas is a geological and cultural region in northwestern Argentina, consisting of unique volcanic geomorphology as well as a long human settlement history.	Las Parinas	Argentina
country	Sar Qanat-e Chitab (Persian: سرقنات چيتاب‎, also Romanized as Sar Qanāt-e Chītāb) is a village in Chenar Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sar Qanat-e Chitab	Iran
country	Suruç,(pronounced (ˈsuɾut͡ʃ), Kurdish: Pirsûs‎) is a rural district and city of Şanlıurfa Province of Turkey, on a plain near the Syrian border 46 kilometres (29 mi) south-west of the city of Urfa.	Suruç	Turkey
country	South Surrey Park is a park in Melbourne, Australia, located in the suburb of Surrey Hills.	South Surrey Park	Australia
country	Euabalong is a town in western New South Wales, Australia.	Euabalong	Australia
country	Manyame Air Base is one of the two main air bases for the Air Force of Zimbabwe.	Manyame Air Base	Zimbabwe
country	Ullern is district of the city of Oslo, Norway.	Ullern	Norway
country	Kolonia Giżyce (kɔˈlɔɲa ɡiˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Giżyce	Poland
country	The Sigtuna box is a copper box from Sigtuna, Sweden, which was engraved with a runic inscription in the early 11th century.	Sigtuna box	Sweden
country	Castrillo de la Valduerna (Spanish pronunciation: (kasˈtriʎo ðe la βalˈdwerna)), is a municipality located in the province of León, Castile and León, Spain.	Castrillo de la Valduerna	Spain
country	Dominion Road is an arterial road in Auckland, New Zealand, running north-south across most of the central isthmus.	Dominion Road	New Zealand
country	Diekirch railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Dikrech, French: Gare de Diekirch, German: Bahnhof Diekirch) is a railway station serving Diekirch, in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Diekirch railway station	Luxembourg
country	Shahriar County (Persian: شهرستان شهریار‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Shahriar County	Iran
country	Chybice (xɨˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Chybice	Poland
country	Palazzo Cavalli-Franchetti is a palace in Venice, Italy, not far from the Ponte dell'Accademia and next to the Palazzo Barbaro on the Grand Canal of Venice.	Palazzo Cavalli-Franchetti	Italy
country	Bazaar of Kashan (Persian: بازار کاشان‎‎ Bāzār-e Kāshān) is an old bazaar in the center of the city of Kashan, Iran.	Bazaar of Kashan	Iran
country	Rías Altas (also called ``Upper Rias'') is the northernmost of three sections of A Costa do Marisco (the Seafood Coast) in Galicia, Spain.	Rías Altas	Spain
country	Polayathode (Malayalam: പോളയത്തോട്) Polayathodu is one of the fastest growing neighbourhoods of the city of Kollam, in the state of Kerala, India.	Polayathode	India
country	The Castlecliff Branch is a branch line railway 5.88 km long in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand's North Island.	Castlecliff Branch	New Zealand
country	Eggebek (Danish: Eggebæk) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Eggebek	Germany
country	Elandskraal is a town in Sekhukhune District Municipality in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Elandskraal	South Africa
country	The Game and Feral Animal Control Act 2002 is an act to manage and regulate the hunting of game in New South Wales in Australia.	Game and Feral Animal Control Act 2002	Australia
country	Sedraž (pronounced (ˈseːdɾaʃ)) is a village in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Sedraž	Slovenia
country	Strømsgodset is a former municipality in Vestfold county (from 1964 Buskerud county), Norway, today a part of the city of Drammen.	Strømsgodset	Norway
country	The Dutch Bellamy Party (in Dutch: Nederlandse Bellamy-Partij) was a political party in the Netherlands that upheld the thoughts of the American utopian socialist Edward Bellamy.	Dutch Bellamy Party	Netherlands
country	Kpeve is a small town located in the Volta Region of Ghana and divided into Kpeve Old Town, which is part of the Afadjato South District and Kpeve New Town which is part of the South Dayi District, the administrative district capital of South Dayi district.	Kpeve	Ghana
country	The Palazzo Falconieri is a palace in Rome, Italy formed in the seventeenth century as a result of remodelling by the Baroque architect Francesco Borromini.	Palazzo Falconieri	Italy
country	Medlow Bath railway station is located on the Main Western line in New South Wales, Australia.	Medlow Bath railway station	Australia
country	Ali Yar Kandi (Persian: علي ياركندي‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Yār Kandī; also known as ``Olīār Kandī) is a village in Baruq Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 338, in 74 families.	Ali Yar Kandi	Iran
country	Palmar Sur Airport (IATA: PMZ, ICAO: MRPM) is an airport that serves Palmar Sur, Costa Rica.	Palmar Sur Airport	Costa Rica
country	Vihiga County is an administrative region in the former Western Province of Kenya whose headquarters is at vihiga, the largest town in the county.	Vihiga County	Kenya
country	Il Giardino dei Tarocchi or The Garden of Tarot is a sculpture garden based on the esoteric tarot created by the French artist Niki de Saint Phalle (1930--2002) in Pescia Fiorentina, località Garavicchio, province of Grosseto, Tuscany, Italy.	Giardino dei Tarocchi	Italy
country	The Presbyterian Church of Victoria is one of the constituent churches of the Presbyterian Church of Australia.	Presbyterian Church of Victoria	Australia
country	Bahramiyeh (Persian: بهراميه‎, also Romanized as Bahrāmīyeh) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District, Atamalek District, Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bahramiyeh	Iran
country	The Canton of Aubagne-Ouest is a canton located within the administrative department of Bouches-du-Rhône in southern France.	Canton of Aubagne-Ouest	France
country	Ras Kebdana, Ras El Ma or Cabo de Agua, is a town in Nador Province, Oriental, Morocco.	Ras Kebdana	Morocco
country	Puottaure is a small village in the southern part of Jokkmokk Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden.	Puottaure	Sweden
country	Allmenrod is a small village in north Hesse (Germany) with a population of 350 (2003).	Allmenrod	Germany
country	Canal de Isabel II (CYII) is the public company that manages the water supplies for Madrid, Spain.	Canal de Isabel II	Spain
country	The Nhật Tân Bridge (or Vietnam - Japan Friendship Bridge) is a cable-stayed bridge crossing the Red River (Asia) in Hanoi, inaugurated on 4 January 2015.	Nhật Tân Bridge	Vietnam
country	Interbrew was a large Belgium-based brewing company which owned many internationally known beers, as well as some smaller local beers.	Interbrew	Belgium
country	Aldan Airport (IATA: ADH, ICAO: UEEA) is a civilian airport in Russia located 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) east of Aldan, Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	Aldan Airport	Russia
country	Qalailabiob (Persian: قلعه لب آب ‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Qalailabiob	Tajikistan
country	Hjorted is a locality situated in Västervik Municipality, Kalmar County, Sweden with 324 inhabitants in 2010.	Hjorted	Sweden
country	The Azpeitia Railway Museum (Basque Railway Museum) in Azpeitia, Basque Country, Spain, has a collection of steam locomotives and other rolling stock as well as other items, connected with the Basque narrow gauge railways.	Azpeitia Railway Museum	Spain
country	Serradarce is a hamlet (frazione) of the comune of Campagna in the Province of Salerno, Campania, Italy.	Serradarce	Italy
country	Kaimana Regency is a regency in the south of West Papua province of Indonesia.	Kaimana Regency	Indonesia
country	The Towamba River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river, located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Towamba River	Australia
country	The City Loop (originally called the Melbourne Underground Rail Loop or MURL) is a mostly-underground, partly surface-level and partly elevated subway and rail system around the central business district of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	City Loop	Australia
country	Hotedršica (pronounced (xɔˈteːdəɾʃitsa)) is a village west of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Hotedršica	Slovenia
country	The Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography (SSAG) (Swedish: Svenska Sällskapet för Antropologi och Geografi) is a scientific learned society founded in Sweden in 1877.	Swedish Society for Anthropology and Geography	Sweden
country	Hanna Valley (Hanna Urak) is a valley in Quetta District, Pakistan.	Hanna Valley	Pakistan
country	The Yatela Mine is an open-pit gold mine situated near Yatela, 25 km north of Sadiola, in the Kayes Region of Mali.	Yatela Mine	Mali
country	Kumertau (Russian: Кумерта́у; Bashkir: Күмертау, Kümertaw) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located 250 kilometers (160 mi) from Ufa and 102 kilometers (63 mi) from Sterlitamak.	Kumertau	Russia
country	The Christian Social Union in Bavaria ( CSU -- Christlich-Soziale Union in Bayern ) is a Christian democratic and conservative political party in Germany.	Christian Social Union in Bavaria	Germany
country	The University of Cape Town (UCT) is a public research university located in Cape Town in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	University of Cape Town	South Africa
country	The Landa Residence (built 1911--1913) is a designated Municipal Heritage Property located in the Riversdale, neighborhood of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Landa Residence	Canada
country	Avatele, (formerly known as Oneonepata, Matavaihala), is a village on the southwest coast of Niue with a population of roughly 200 residents as of late 2007.	Avatele	Niue
country	Sarik-Gajah are two pyroclastic cones right at the equator line on Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Sarik-Gajah	Indonesia
country	Glenferrie Road is a major north--south thoroughfare in Melbourne, Australia.	Glenferrie Road	Australia
country	The Tsuur, also known as choor, is an end-blown flute that is found in western Mongolia.	Tsuur	Mongolia
country	Sierpin (ˈɕerpin) (German: Zerpien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sierpin	Poland
country	The Agathonos Monastery (Greek: Μονή Αγάθωνος) is a Greek Orthodox male monastery in Phthiotis, Central Greece.	Agathonos Monastery	Greece
country	Eqbali (Persian: اقبالي‎, also Romanized as Eqbālī; also known as Eqbālīyeh and Eqbalīyeh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Eqbali	Iran
country	Points North Landing is a permanent camp northwest of Wollaston Lake, on Saskatchewan Highway 905 in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Points North Landing	Canada
country	Hāwea is the name of a small settlement at the southern end of Lake Hāwea, in New Zealand's South Island.	Hāwea	New Zealand
country	The National Agency for Administrative City Construction (Hangul: 행정중심복합도시건설청; hanja: 行政中心複合都市建設廳, NAACC) is an organization in South Korea and is run under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.	National Agency for Administrative City Construction	South Korea
country	Efxeinoupoli (Greek: Ευξεινούπολη) is a small town in the Municipality of Almyros, Magnesia regional unit, Thessaly, Greece.	Efxeinoupoli	Greece
country	Điện Biên Đông is a commune-level town (thị trấn) and capital of Điện Biên Đông District of Điện Biên Province, northwestern Vietnam.	Điện Biên Đông	Vietnam
country	Corner Island is located in Corner Inlet Marine National Park, approximately 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) north of Millers Landing on Wilsons Promontory in Victoria, Australia.	Corner Island	Australia
country	Narrogin Senior High School is a comprehensive public high school located in Narrogin, a regional centre 192 kilometres (119 mi) southeast of Perth, Western Australia.	Narrogin Senior High School	Australia
country	Priniatikos Pyrgos is an archaeological site near Istron River, in the eastern Cretan regional unit of Lasithi, (Greece).	Priniatikos Pyrgos	Greece
country	Heuksando is an island in the Yellow Sea located off 97.2 km from the southwest coast of Mokpo, Jeollanam-do, South Korea.	Heuksando	South Korea
country	Delareyville is a maize and peanut farming town situated in North West Province of South Africa.	Delareyville	South Africa
country	Fuendetodos is a town in the Campo de Belchite comarca, Aragon, Spain, located about 44 kilometers south-east of Zaragoza.	Fuendetodos	Spain
country	Salce, also known as Salce de Sayago, is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Salce	Spain
country	Perzów (ˈpɛʐuf) is a village in Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Perzów	Poland
country	Xınıslı (also, Khynysly) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xınıslı	Azerbaijan
country	Pointe-Claire is an on-island suburb of Montreal in Quebec, Canada.	Pointe-Claire	Canada
country	Hesperange Castle (French: Château de Hesperange) is a ruin located high above the town of Hesperange in southern Luxembourg.	Hesperange Castle	Luxembourg
country	A Walloon church (French: Église Wallonne; Dutch: Waalse kerk) describes any Calvinist church in the Netherlands and its former colonies whose members originally came from the Southern Netherlands and France and whose native language is French.	Walloon church	Netherlands
country	Kalgah Jalil (Persian: كلگه جليل‎, also Romanized as Kalgah Jalīl) is a village in Kabgian Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kalgah Jalil	Iran
country	Roxas Boulevard is a popular waterfront promenade in Manila in the Philippines.	Roxas Boulevard	Philippines
country	Strashimirovo (Bulgarian: Страшимирово) is a village in north-eastern Bulgaria.	Strashimirovo	Bulgaria
country	Solapur South is a taluka in Solapur subdivision of Sangli district of Maharashtra in India.	Solapur South	India
country	Petrusburg is a small mixed farming town in the Free State province of South Africa.	Petrusburg	South Africa
country	Voronya River (Воронья in Russian) is a river on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Voronya River	Russia
country	Kloten is a municipality in the district of Bülach in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland, and belongs to the Glatt Valley (German: Glatttal).	Kloten	Switzerland
country	Dürrhennersdorf (Lower Sorbian Hendrichecy) is a municipality in the district Görlitz, in Saxony, Germany.	Dürrhennersdorf	Germany
country	Jhilay is small village near Jaipur, Rajasthan, India.	Jhilay	India
country	Easter term is the summer term at the University of Cambridge, the University of Wales, Lampeter, University of Durham, and formerly University of Newcastle upon Tyne (before 2004), in the United Kingdom.	Easter term	United Kingdom
country	Mířkov (German: Mirschikau) is a village and municipality (obec) in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Mířkov	Czech Republic
country	Kalambha is a small village of the Nagpur district of Maharashtra, India.	Kalambha	India
country	Hohenberg-Krusemark t is about 17 km (10 miles) North East of Stendal and is a municipality in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Hohenberg-Krusemark	Germany
country	Ypsonas (also spelt Ipsonas) is one of the largest villages in the Limassol District of Cyprus and is located about 7 kilometres west of Limassol city.	Ypsonas	Cyprus
country	Litene parish (Latvian: Litenes pagasts) is situated in Gulbene Municipality, Latvia.	Litene parish	Latvia
country	Frashtan (Greek: Φράστανη (or) Φραστάνη, Frastani) is a settlement in the former Dropull i Poshtëm municipality, Gjirokastër County, southern Albania.	Frashtan	Albania
country	The Metro Ligero de Madrid is a light rail tram system in Madrid, Spain.	Metro Ligero	Spain
country	Wat Plai Laem is a Buddhist temple on the resort island of Ko Samui, Thailand.	Wat Plai Laem	Thailand
country	The Vall de Núria Rack Railway (Catalan: Cremallera de Núria, IPA: (kɾəməˈʎeɾə ðə ˈnuɾiə)) is a mountain railway line in the Pyrenees mountains in the north of the Catalonia region of Spain.	Vall de Núria Rack Railway	Spain
country	The Mechelen Toy Museum (Dutch: Speelgoedmuseum Mechelen), situated in the Nekkerspoel hamlet in Mechelen, Belgium, is a museum containing a unique collection of past and contemporary toys on a total surface of 7,000 m².	Mechelen Toy Museum	Belgium
country	Biyagama is an electorate in Gampaha District, situated in the Western Province of Sri Lanka.	Biyagama	Sri Lanka
country	The Shire of Esk was a local government area in South East Queensland, Australia, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) west-northwest of Brisbane.	Shire of Esk	Australia
country	Lower Westcliffe Falls is a 7.9 metre high complex classic cascade waterfall found near the Chedoke Civic Golf Course in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Lower Westcliffe Falls	Canada
country	Civitella d'Arna is a frazione of the comune (municipality) of Perugia in central Italy.	Civitella d'Arna	Italy
country	Siedliszcze-Osada (ɕɛdˈliʂt͡ʂɛ ɔˈsada) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Siedliszcze-Osada	Poland
country	Tus Kola (Persian: طوس كلا‎, also Romanized as Ţūs Kolā; also known as Ţūs Kūlā) is a village in Qareh Toghan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tus Kola	Iran
country	In South Africa, District Management Area (DMA) was the name given to areas within a district municipality that did not fall within any local municipality, and received municipal services directly from the district.	District Management Area	South Africa
country	Pokr Masrik (Armenian: Փոքր Մասրիկ -- meaning ``little Masrik'', also Romanized as P’ok’r Masrik and Poqr Masrik; formerly, Malaya Mazra and Pokr-Mazra) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Pokr Masrik	Armenia
country	Žabokvica (Serbian: Жабоквица) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Žabokvica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vrhovo (pronounced (ʋəɾˈxɔːʋɔ) or (ʋəɾˈxoːʋɔ); German: Werchou) is a village on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Vrhovo	Slovenia
country	El Andévalo or El Campo de Andévalo is a comarca in Huelva Province, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Andévalo	Spain
country	Ankiliroroka (also known as Ankiroroky or Ankororoky) is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Ankiliroroka	Madagascar
country	Balatonakarattya is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary, established from the area of the town of Balatonkenese in 2014.	Balatonakarattya	Hungary
country	Avtury (Russian: Автуры; Chechen: Ойтур) is a rural locality (a selo) in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located on the Khulkhulau River, 6 kilometers (3.7 mi) east of Shali.	Avtury	Russia
country	Mola dels Quatre Termes, also known as Mola d'Estat, is a summit in the Serra del Bosc range, Prades Mountains, Catalonia, Spain.	Mola dels Quatre Termes	Spain
country	The 1981 Argentine Grand Prix was the third race of the 1981 Formula One season and was held at the Buenos Aires circuit in Argentina on April 12, 1981.	1981 Argentine Grand Prix	Argentina
country	The Byfjord Tunnel (Norwegian: Byfjordtunnelen) is a subsea road tunnel in Rogaland county, Norway.	Byfjord Tunnel	Norway
country	Ankadinondry Sakay, anciently Babetville is a town and commune in Madagascar.	Ankadinondry Sakay	Madagascar
country	Seljalandsfoss is one of the best known waterfalls in Iceland.	Seljalandsfoss	Iceland
country	Funen's Art Museum (Danish: Fyns Kunstmuseum), formerly The Museum of Funen's Abbey and Museum Civitatis Othiniensis, founded in 1885, is an art museum in Odense, Denmark.	Funen's Art Museum	Denmark
country	CJBR-DT (branded on-air as ICI Est du Québec) is the Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.	CJBR-DT	Canada
country	Jinyang Lake is a reservoir covering portions of Jinju and Sacheon in Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea.	Jinyang Lake	South Korea
country	Aherahu is about 0.1 ha small islet in the Väinameri Sea in Estonia.	Aherahu	Estonia
country	The Dalhousie Gazette (more commonly referred to as The Gazette) is the main student publication at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	The Dalhousie Gazette	Canada
country	Dudley Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia on the Dudley Peninsula on Kangaroo Island.	Dudley Conservation Park	Australia
country	Røa was a borough of the city of Oslo, Norway up to January 1, 2004, when it became part of the Vestre Aker district.	Røa	Norway
country	Luzaga is a village and municipality in the province of Guadalajara, Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha.	Luzaga	Spain
country	Talary (taˈlarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Talary	Poland
country	Tahmures (Persian: طهمورث‎, also Romanized as Ţahmūres̄ and Tehmuras; also known as Ţahūres̄) is a village in Babarashani Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tahmures	Iran
country	The Bundesstraße 92 (Federal route 92) (abbreviation: B 92) is a Bundesstraße through the states of Thuringia and Saxony, Germany.	Bundesstraße 92	Germany
country	Makodu is a village in Chikkamagaluru taluk, which is about 18 kilometers from Chikkamagaluru city, Karnataka, India.	Makodu	India
country	Sudhagad (also called Bhorapgad) is a hill fort situated in Maharashtra, India.	Sudhagad	India
country	Downtown Shopping Centre, formerly Westfield Downtown, is a smaller shopping centre with 12,417 m² gross lettable area in the Auckland CBD, Auckland City, New Zealand.	Downtown Shopping Centre	New Zealand
country	Utøy School (Norwegian: Utøy skole) is a primary school serving the Utøy area in the municipality of Inderøy in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Utøy School	Norway
country	Dargandeh (Persian: دارگنده‎, also Romanized as Dārgandeh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dargandeh	Iran
country	Kopys (Russian: Копысь, Russian pronunciation: (ˈkopɨsʲ)) (Belarusian: Копысь, Belarusian pronunciation: (ˈkopɨsʲ), Polish: Kopyś, Yiddish: קאָפּוסט‎) is an urban-type settlement in the Orsha Raion, Vitebsk Region, Belarus.	Kopys	Belarus
country	The Pic Mobert First Nation is an Ojibway First Nation band government in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Pic Mobert First Nation	Canada
country	Lahugala Kitulana National Park is one of the smallest national parks in Sri Lanka.	Lahugala Kitulana National Park	Sri Lanka
country	Amounis was sold again when Mr Wade left Australia.	Amounis	Australia
country	Codiponte is a village in the municipality of Casola in Lunigiana, Tuscany, Italy.	Codiponte	Italy
country	Darsibeh (Persian: دارسيبه‎, also Romanized as Dārsībeh; also known as Dārsīb) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Darsibeh	Iran
country	Hornbæk is a seaside resort town on the north coast of the Danish island of Sjælland, facing the Øresund which separates Denmark from Sweden.	Hornbæk	Denmark
country	Dezhan (Persian: دژن‎, also Romanized as Dazhan and Dezhen; also known as Gīlān) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dezhan	Iran
country	Nahr-e Khvaf (Persian: نهرخواف‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Khvāf) is a village in Jaffal Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Khvaf	Iran
country	Prato della Valle (Prà deła Vałe in Venetian) is a 90,000 square meter elliptical square in Padova, Italy.	Prato della Valle	Italy
country	Hlaingbwe Township (Burmese: လှိုင်းဘွဲ့မြို့နယ်) is a township of Hpa-an District in the Kayin State of Myanmar.	Hlaingbwe Township	Myanmar
country	The Doha Convention Center Tower is a 551 m (1,808 ft) tall skyscraper under construction in Doha, Qatar.	Doha Convention Center Tower	Qatar
country	Lake Siriu is an artificial dam lake in Romania, on the Buzău River valley.	Lake Siriu	Romania
country	Brąchnowo (brɔ̃xˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubianka, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Brąchnowo	Poland
country	Cape Maundy Thursday is an ice-capped headland in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Cape Maundy Thursday	Canada
country	The Sydney Jewish Museum is a museum in Sydney, Australia, which documents the Holocaust and the history of the Jewish people in Australia.	Sydney Jewish Museum	Australia
country	Mia Milia is under the de facto control of Northern Cyprus and functions as a separate municipality.	Mia Milia	Cyprus
country	Manú Province is one of three provinces in the Madre de Dios Region of Peru.	Manú Province	Peru
country	Al-Ameen College of Law is a professional undergraduate college in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	Al-Ameen College of Law	India
country	Jatynia (jaˈtɨɲa) (German Jatzthum) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Jatynia	Poland
country	Koothanallur was a part of the erstwhile Tanjore district until India's independence in 1947 and Nagapattinam district until 1991 and subsequently a part of the newly formed Tiruvarur district.	Koothanallur	India
country	The Western Corridor is a road in Christchurch, New Zealand which connects the suburb of Belfast, New Zealand in the north to Hornby in the south and connects the Canterbury region to Christchurch Airport.	Western Corridor	New Zealand
country	The Zurkaitzegiko erreka is a torrential river of the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques), in the Southwest of France, that flows below the village of Larrau.	Zurkaitzegiko erreka	France
country	The Badin District (Sindhi: ضلعو بدين‎, Urdu: ضلع بدین‎) is a district in the Sindh province of Pakistan.	Badin District	Pakistan
country	Jalan Kompleks CIQ Bukit Bunga, Federal Route is an institutional facilities federal roads in Kelantan, Malaysia.	Jalan Kompleks CIQ Bukit Bunga	Malaysia
country	Pacific Point was recommended in 1953 by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) and is named for the American schooner Pacific which, under Captain James Brown, visited Zavodovski Island in 1830, making a landing there.	Pacific Point	United Kingdom
country	Sapibenega is a privately owned island in Panama.	Sapibenega	Panama
country	The Kroll Opera House (German: Krolloper) was an opera building in Berlin, Germany, located in the central Tiergarten district on the western edge of the Königsplatz square (today Platz der Republik), facing the Reichstag building.	Kroll Opera House	Germany
country	Q'uwa Laki (Aymara q'uwa a medical plant, laki distribution; a wise person specialized in healing diseases, hispanicized spelling Coalaque) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high .	Q'uwa Laki	Peru
country	The Serranía de las Quinchas is an 860 km2 area of tropical rainforest and cloud forest in Colombia.	Serranía de las Quinchas	Colombia
country	Kashubian Landscape Park (Kaszubski Park Krajobrazowy, csb.: Kaszëbsczi Park Krajòbrazny) is a Landscape Park, a Polish protected area classification, in northern Poland.	Kashubian Landscape Park	Poland
country	La Biche River Airport (TC LID: CFP6) is located near La Biche River, Yukon, Canada receives limited maintenance and prior permission is required to land.	La Biche River Airport	Canada
country	Jorf is a city in Errachidia Province, Meknès-Tafilalet, Morocco.	Jorf	Morocco
country	The Port of Málaga is an international seaport located in the city of Málaga in southern Spain, on the Costa del Sol coast of the Mediterranean.	Port of Málaga	Spain
country	The NZH Public Transport Museum (Dutch: NZH Vervoer Museum) is a museum in Haarlem, Netherlands, dedicated to promoting interest and conserving the bus and tram cultural heritage of Kennemerland.	NZH Public Transport Museum	Netherlands
country	Shenkursk (Russian: Шенку́рск) is a town and the administrative center of Shenkursky District in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Vaga River.	Shenkursk	Russia
country	The Misty Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located east of the Bighorn Highway within Kananaskis Country, Canada.	Misty Range	Canada
country	The House-Museum of Lope de Vega (Spanish: Casa-Museo de Lope de Vega) is a writer's house museum in the former home of the ``golden age'' writer Lope de Vega, located in Madrid, Spain.	House-Museum of Lope de Vega	Spain
country	Grand Hotel Les Trois Rois (English: Hotel of the Three Kings) in Basel, until 1986 usually identified by its German-language name, Hotel drei Könige, is sometimes cited as one of Switzerland's oldest hotels.	Hotel Les Trois Rois	Switzerland
country	Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan's Mosque (Swedish: Zaid Ben Sultan Al Nahayans moské, Arabic: جامع زايد بن سلطان آل نهيان‎), commonly known as the Stockholm Mosque (Stockholms moské) or the Stockholm Grand Mosque (Stockholms stora moské), is the largest mosque in Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Mosque	Sweden
country	Snarki (ˈsnarki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gielniów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Snarki	Poland
country	Trombas is a town and municipality in north Goiás state, Brazil.	Trombas	Brazil
country	Villa Sarmiento is a locality in Morón Partido in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Villa Sarmiento	Argentina
country	The Prachov Rocks (Czech: Prachovské skály) are a rock formation in the Czech Republic approximately 5 kilometres west of Jičín, and are a protected natural reserve since 1933.	Prachov Rocks	Czech Republic
country	Vysoká škola is a term used for institutions of tertiary education in Slovakia and the Czech Republic.	Vysoká škola	Slovakia	Czech Republic
country	Kuchek Deh (Persian: كوچكده‎, also Romanized as Kūchek Deh) is a village in Layalestan Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuchek Deh	Iran
country	San Benedetto in Perillis is a town and comune in the province of L'Aquila, Abruzzo, central Italy.	San Benedetto in Perillis	Italy
country	The Miller Inquiry was a Kenya Judicial Commission appointed to inquire into allegations involving former Attorney General of Kenya Charles Mugane Njonjo.	The Miller Inquiry	Kenya
country	Fatmayı (also, Fat’mayy, Fatmai, and Fatmay) is a village and municipality in the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fatmayı	Azerbaijan
country	École secondaire catholique Marie-Rivier (Marie-Rivier Catholic High School) is a French language high school for grades 7-12 located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire catholique Marie-Rivier	Canada
country	The Kahnawake Mohawk Territory (pronounced (ɡahnaˈwaːɡe) in Mohawk, Kahnawáˀkye in Tuscarora) is a reserve of the traditionally Iroquoian-speaking Mohawk nation on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River in Quebec, Canada, across from Montreal.	Kahnawake	Canada
country	Rudkhaneh-ye Kemal (Persian: رودخانه كمال‎, also Romanized as Rūdkhāneh-ye Kemāl) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rudkhaneh-ye Kemal	Iran
country	Hagatjennhaugen is a mountain of Akershus, in southeastern Norway.	Hagatjennhaugen	Norway
country	Møllergata 19 is an address in Oslo, Norway where the city's main police station and jail was located.	Møllergata 19	Norway
country	Kačji Potok (pronounced (ˈkaːtʃji ˈpɔːtɔk); German: Otterbach) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Kačji Potok	Slovenia
country	Nala Ankar Bridge is Pakistan's second highest bridge; it is located in Talagang, Punjab, Pakistan, about 7--10 kilometres (4.3--6.2 mi) apart (between Saghar and Dhok Phulari) from Talagang city on the Mianwali Road.	Nala Ankar Bridge	Pakistan
country	Dasht-e Bil Rural District (Persian: دهستان دشت بيل‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Bil Rural District	Iran
country	Alles-sur-Dordogne (Occitan: Alas) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine in southwestern France.	Alles-sur-Dordogne	France
country	Fargovo (Bulgarian: Фагово) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria.	Fargovo	Bulgaria
country	FC Kuusankoski is a football club from Kuusankoski, Kouvola in Finland.	FC Kuusankoski	Finland
country	Quebec East (also known as Québec-Est and Québec East) was a federal electoral district in Quebec, Canada, that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 2004.	Quebec East	Canada
country	Anyang Station is a ground-level metro station on line 1 of the Seoul Subway in Anyang 1-dong, Manan-gu, Anyang, South Korea.	Anyang Station	South Korea
country	MATRADE Exhibition and Convention Centre (MECC) is a trade centre, exhibition hall, and convention centre in the City of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	MATRADE Exhibition and Convention Centre	Malaysia
country	Swinger Bay, is a bay on the north west shore of Milne Bay, Papua New Guinea.	Swinger Bay	Papua New Guinea
country	Castellar de la Frontera is a town and municipality located in the province of Cádiz, southern Spain.	Castellar de la Frontera	Spain
country	The Pambar River originates in the Anaimudi Hills in Idukki District of Kerala state in South India.	Pambar River	India
country	Melk Abbey (German: Stift Melk) is a Benedictine abbey above the town of Melk, Lower Austria, Austria, on a rocky outcrop overlooking the Danube river, adjoining the Wachau valley.	Melk Abbey	Austria
country	Cerro Benítez (``Benítez hill'') is a mountain in the Patagonian region of Chile.	Cerro Benítez	Chile
country	Sebezhsky National Park (Russian: Себежский национальный парк) is a national park in the northwest of Russia, located in Sebezhsky District of Pskov Oblast.	Sebezhsky National Park	Russia
country	The Maeotian Swamp (Ancient Greek: ἡ Μαιῶτις λίμνη, ē Maiōtis límnē; Latin: Palus Maeotis) was a name applied in antiquity variously to the swamps at the mouth of the Tanais River in Scythia (the modern Don in southern Russia) and to the entire Sea of Azov which it forms there.	Maeotian Swamp	Russia
country	Goedertrouw Dam is an earth-fill type dam in South Africa.	Goedertrouw Dam	South Africa
country	Niceto Pérez (Spanish pronunciation: (niˈseto ˈpeɾes)) is a municipality and town in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba.	Niceto Pérez	Cuba
country	Le Québécois Libre (or QL) is an online libertarian magazine, or webzine published in Quebec, Canada.	Le Québécois Libre	Canada
country	Waterkloof Ridge (Afrikaans: ``Waterkloofrif'') is a suburb of the city of Pretoria, South Africa.	Waterkloof Ridge	South Africa
country	East Dagon Township (also East Dagon Myothit; Burmese: ဒဂုံမြို့သစ်အရှေ့ပိုင်း မြို့နယ် (dəɡòʊɴ mjo̰ðɪʔ ʔəʃḛbáɪɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the easternmost part of Yangon, Myanmar.	East Dagon Township	Myanmar
country	The Peninsula Paris is a historic luxury hotel, formerly known as the Hotel Majestic, located on Avenue Kléber in the 16th arrondissement of Paris, France.	The Peninsula Paris	France
country	Gola Górna (ˈɡɔla ˈɡurna) (German: Ober Göhle) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gola Górna	Poland
country	Scouts en Gidsen Vlaanderen (Scouts and Guides of Flanders) is a coeducational, Flemish Scout and Guide organisation in Belgium and is a member of the Guidisme et Scoutisme en Belgique/Gidsen- en Scoutsbeweging in België (GSB, Guides and Scouts Movement of Belgium).	Scouts en Gidsen Vlaanderen	Belgium
country	Yeshivat Dvar Yerushalayim, also called the Jerusalem Academy of Jewish Studies, is a yeshiva for baalei teshuva currently located in the Har Nof neighborhood of Jerusalem, Israel.	Dvar Yerushalayim	Israel
country	The Landgericht Bremen (the courthouse of the State of Bremen) is located on the Domsheide in the old town of Bremen, Germany.	Landgericht Bremen	Germany
country	Darban-e Salah (Persian: دربن صلاح‎, also Romanized as Darban-e Şalāḩ; also known as Darband Şalāḩ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Darban-e Salah	Iran
country	Pasgolam (Persian: پس گلم‎‎) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pasgolam	Iran
country	Pretrež (pronounced (ˈpɾeːtɾɛʃ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Ložnica River in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Pretrež	Slovenia
country	Garbage City (Arabic: حي الزبالين‎) is a quarter at the far southern end of Manshiyat Naser in Cairo, Egypt.	Garbage City	Egypt
country	Jastrzębna Pierwsza (jasˈtʂɛmbna ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztabin, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jastrzębna Pierwsza	Poland
country	The Bến Hải River (Vietnamese: Sông Bến Hải) is a river in central Vietnam which became an important landmark in the partition of the country into a northern and a southern zone along the 17th parallel by the Geneva Accords of 1954.	Bến Hải River	Vietnam
country	The Tianjin South Railway Station (Chinese: 天津南站) is a high-speed railway station in Xiqing, Tianjin, People's Republic of China.	Tianjin South Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Čoka (Serbian Cyrillic: Чока, pronounced (t͡ʃôka); Hungarian: Csóka, pronounced (ˈt͡ʃoːkɒ); German: Tschoka; Slovak: Čoka) is a town and municipality in the North Banat District of Vojvodina, Serbia.	Čoka	Serbia
country	Zatyle (zaˈtɨlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Zatyle	Poland
country	According to 'Imperial Gazetteer of India Vol. XV' (1908) by William Wilson Hunter Kasganj came in the hands of James V. Gardner (who was in the employ of the Marathas and later in the British service) and later died in here in Chhaoni, Kasganj.	Kasganj	India
country	The Tamar gas field is a natural gas field in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Israel.	Tamar gas field	Israel
country	Dyuny railway station (Russian: Ста́нция Дю́ны) is a railway station located near Sestroretsk (suburb of Saint Petersburg), Russia.	Dyuny railway station	Russia
country	The Grand Prix De Ster Sint-Niklaas or GP De Ster Sint-Niklaas is a cyclo-cross race held in Sint-Niklaas, Belgium.	Grand Prix De Ster Sint-Niklaas	Belgium
country	Eshhar (Hebrew: אֶשְׁחָר) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Eshhar	Israel
country	Dalyan is a town in Muğla Province located between the well-known districts of Marmaris and Fethiye on the south-west coast of Turkey.	Dalyan	Turkey
country	Sugar Mill Ruins are the ruins of a 19th-century sugar mill located in Sittee River Village, Belize, which has been designated a park.	Sugar Mill Ruins	Belize
country	Bhujpur Union (Bengali: ভূজপূর) is a union of Fatikchhari Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh.	Bhujpur Union	Bangladesh
country	Borgarfjörður (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈpɔrkar̥ˌfjœrðʏr̥)) is a fjord in the west of Iceland near the town of Borgarnes.	Borgarfjörður	Iceland
country	Mangaia (traditionally known as A'ua'u Enua, which means terraced) is the most southerly of the Cook Islands and the second largest, after Rarotonga.	Mangaia	Cook Islands
country	Aukra Church (Norwegian: Aukra kyrkje) is a parish church in Aukra Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Aukra Church	Norway
country	Zürich Hauptbahnhof (often shortened to Zürich HB; English: Zürich Main Station or Zürich Central Station) is the largest railway station in Switzerland.	Zürich Hauptbahnhof	Switzerland
country	Strypa River (ukr. Стрипа) - the river in Ternopil oblast, Western Ukraine.	Strypa River	Ukraine
country	The Montagne Glacis Important Bird Area lies on the slopes of the highest mountain on the northern cape of the island of Mahé in the Seychelles archipelago of the western Indian Ocean.	Montagne Glacis Important Bird Area	Seychelles
country	Lavashan (Persian: لواشان‎, also Romanized as Lavāshān) is a village in Tariq ol Eslam Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Lavashan	Iran
country	The Newfoundland Symphony Orchestra is a prominent orchestra from the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Newfoundland Symphony Orchestra	Canada
country	Gudebsk (ˈɡudɛpsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sidra, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gudebsk	Poland
country	Tauranga Harbour is the natural tidal harbour that surrounds Tauranga CBD and the Mount Maunganui area of Tauranga, New Zealand, and which flows into the Pacific Ocean at Mount Maunganui and Bowentown.	Tauranga Harbour	New Zealand
country	Archanes (Greek: Αρχάνες, Godart & Olivier abbreviation: ARKH) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Archanes	Greece
country	Sembium (Tamil: செம்பியம்), is a sub-neighbourhood of Perambur and a developed residential area in North Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India.	Sembium	India
country	Apgujeong-dong (Hangul: 압구정동; hanja: 狎鷗亭洞) is a ward of Gangnam-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Apgujeong-dong	South Korea
country	Onstwedde (Dutch pronunciation: (ɔnstˈʋɛdə)) is a village in the region of Westerwolde and part of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Onstwedde	Netherlands
country	Santa Igia was a city in Sardinia, in what is now Italy, which existed from the 9th century AD to 1258, when it was destroyed by the Pisane troops.	Santa Igia	Italy
country	Paparoa National Park is on the west coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	Paparoa National Park	New Zealand
country	The Molucca Sea (Indonesian: Laut Maluku) is located in the western Pacific Ocean, around the vicinity of Indonesia, specifically bordered by the Indonesian Islands of Celebes to the west, Halmahera to the east, and the Sula islands to the south.	Molucca Sea	Indonesia
country	Holstebro is the main town in Holstebro Municipality, Denmark.	Holstebro	Denmark
country	The Skaergaard intrusion is a layered igneous intrusion in East Greenland.	Skaergaard intrusion	Greenland
country	Calinipaxa is a city in northern India described in ancient sources, and thought to be the modern Kanouge (Kannauj), on the Ganges.	Calinipaxa	India
country	The Shire of Tamborine was a local government area in South East Queensland, Australia, centred on the village of Tamborine.	Shire of Tamborine	Australia
country	Nemčavci (Hungarian: Lendvanemesd) is a village north of Murska Sobota in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Nemčavci	Slovenia
country	Helodranon' Antongila (Bay of Antongila), more commonly called Antongil Bay in English, is the largest bay in Madagascar.	Antongil Bay	Madagascar
country	Onil (Valencian: (oˈniɫ), Spanish: (oˈnil)) is a town located in the comarca of L'Alcoià, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Onil	Spain
country	Kangerlussuaq Fjord (old spelling: Kangerdlugssuaq, Danish: Søndre Strømfjord) is a long fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Kangerlussuaq Fjord	Greenland
country	Coolawanyah Station Airport (IATA: COY, ICAO: YCWY) is an airport located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of Coolawanyah Station, in the Shire of Ashburton, part of the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Coolawanyah Station Airport	Australia
country	Handlana (Urdu: ہَندلانہ‎) is a village of Bhawana Tehsil in Punjab, Pakistan.	Handlana	Pakistan
country	Gomilsko (pronounced (ɡɔˈmiːlskɔ)) is a village in the Municipality of Braslovče in northern Slovenia.	Gomilsko	Slovenia
country	Tamdoult (also Tamedoult, Tamdlt; Arabic: تامدولت‎ ) was a medieval city located near the Draa river in Morocco south-east of Akka, Morocco.	Tamdoult	Morocco
country	Central Coast Stadium, previously named Bluetongue Stadium due to sponsorship by Bluetongue Brewery, is a sports venue in Gosford, on the Central Coast of New South Wales, Australia.	Central Coast Stadium	Australia
country	Bhisho (formerly Bisho) is the capital of the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa.	Bhisho	South Africa
country	Abanoskhevi (Georgian: აბანოსხევი) is a village in Mtskheta-Mtianeti region, Georgia.	Abanoskhevi	Georgia
country	Myeik Township (Burmese: မြိတ်မြို့နယ်) is a township of Myeik District in the Taninthayi Division of Myanmar.	Myeik Township	Myanmar
country	Kotalah Kamar (Persian: كتله كمر‎, also Romanized as Katalah Kamar) is a village in Nazarkahrizi Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kotalah Kamar	Iran
country	Pangyo Airport (a.k.a.Ichon Northeast Airport) is an airport in Pangyo County, Kangwon-do, North Korea.	Ichon Northeast Airport	North Korea
country	Mount Dutton Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia on islands located on waters in the sector between the north west to the east of the town of Coffin Bay.	Mount Dutton Bay Conservation Park	Australia
country	Riyan Airport (also known as Riyan Mukalla Airport) is an airport in Al Mukalla, Yemen (IATA: RIY, ICAO: OYRN).	Riyan Airport	Yemen
country	Seliran-e Sofla (Persian: سليران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Selīrān-e Soflá and Salīrān Soflá; also known as Salīrān Pā’īn) is a village in Jahangiri Rural District, in the Central District of Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seliran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Casteau is a village of Belgium in the French-speaking region.	Casteau	Belgium
country	German submarine U-516 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. She was laid down at the Deutsche Werft (yard) in Hamburg as yard number 312 on 12 May 1941, launched on 16 December 1941 and commissioned on 21 February 1942 with Korvettenkapitän Gerhard Wiebe in command.	German submarine U-516	Germany
country	Chokurdakh Airport (sometimes written Chokurdah Airport, Cokurdah Airport) (IATA: CKH, ICAO: UESO) is an airport in Yakutia, Russia located 1 km north of Chokurdakh.	Chokurdakh Airport	Russia
country	Nakheel Tower (Arabic: برج نخيل‎) was a proposed skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates by developer Nakheel.	Nakheel Tower	United Arab Emirates
country	Alhos Vedros is a town and a parish in the municipality of Moita, in Portugal.	Alhos Vedros	Portugal
country	Muchur is a small village in the Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka, India.	Muchur	India
country	Żywocin (ʐɨˈvɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolbórz, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żywocin	Poland
country	Cannole is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the Apulia region of south-east Italy, in what could be the ``tip'' of the ``heel'' of Italy.	Cannole	Italy
country	The Sanzu River is popularly believed to be located in Mount Osore, a suitably desolate and remote part of Aomori Prefecture in northern Japan.	Sanzu River	Japan
country	Ratnapura (Sinhalese: රත්නපුර; Tamil: இரத்தினபுரி) (``City of Gems'' in Sinhala and Tamil) is a major city in Sri Lanka.	Ratnapura	Sri Lanka
country	Jamali Kamali Mosque and Tomb, located in the Archaeological Village complex in Mehrauli, Delhi, India, comprise two monuments adjacent to each other; one is the mosque and the other is the tomb of two persons with the names Jamali and Kamali.	Jamali Kamali Mosque and Tomb	India
country	Puliyanam is a place situated near Angamaly, Ernakulam district in the state of Kerala, India.	Puliyanam	India
country	The Armistice of 22 June 1940 was signed at 18:36 near Compiègne, France, by the top military officials of Nazi Germany and more junior representatives from the French Third Republic.	Armistice of 22 June 1940	France
country	Wangaratta High School is a secondary education institution in Wangaratta, Victoria, Australia.	Wangaratta High School	Australia
country	Redonda Bay is an uninhabited locality that was the site of a cannery owned by Francis Millerd & Co., located on the northwest side of West Redonda Island in the Discovery Islands of the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Redonda Bay	Canada
country	Sočica (Serbian Cyrillic: Сочица, Romanian: Sălciţa) is a village in Serbia.	Sočica	Serbia
country	The Pasur River is a river in southwestern Bangladesh and a distributary of the Ganges.	Pasur River	Bangladesh
country	Zielony Kąt (ʑeˈlɔnɨ ˈkɔnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór, within Ryki County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Zielony Kąt	Poland
country	Wola Radłowska (ˈvɔla radˈwɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wola Radłowska	Poland
country	Aleksin (Russian: Але́ксин) is a town and the administrative center of Aleksinsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located 71 kilometers (44 mi) northwest of Tula, the administrative center of the oblast.	Aleksin	Russia
country	King Faisal University (KFU) (Arabic: جامعة الملك فيصل‎ Ğāmiʿat al-Malak Fayṣal) is a public university with the main campus in the city of Hofuf in Al-Hassa, Saudi Arabia founded in 1975.	King Faisal University	Saudi Arabia
country	Grimari is a city located in the Ouaka prefecture in Central African Republic, approximately 222.7 kilometres (138.4 mi) away from the capital, Bangui.	Grimari	Central African Republic
country	FK Mladost Carev Dvor (Macedonian: ФК Младост Царев Двор) is a football club based in the village of Carev Dvor near Resen, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Mladost Carev Dvor	Macedonia
country	Kalk Bay (Afrikaans: Kalkbaai) is a fishing village on the coast of False Bay, South Africa and is now a suburb of greater Cape Town.	Kalk Bay	South Africa
country	Berle is a village on the west coast of Norway.	Berle	Norway
country	Bukovinian Subcarpathians (Romanian: Subcarpaţii Bucovinei, Obcinele Bucovinei) is a geographic area in the NNE of Romania (Suceava County) and SWW of Ukraine (Chernivtsi Oblast), situated to the east and north-east of the Eastern Carpathian Mountains.	Bukovinian Subcarpathians	Romania
country	Unsan County is a kun, or county, in eastern North P'yŏngan province, North Korea.	Unsan County	North Korea
country	Reussenstein Castle (Ruine Reußenstein: the Reussenstein Ruin) is ruins of a medieval fortress in Germany.	Reussenstein Castle	Germany
country	MelalinjipattuThiruvanthipuram (Tamil: மேல் அழிஞ்சிபட்டு) is one of the revenue village in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Melalinjipattu	India
country	Tympaki (Greek: Τυμπάκι) is a town and a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Tympaki	Greece
country	The Tihany Abbey is a Benedictine monastery established at Tihany in the Kingdom of Hungary in 1055.	Tihany Abbey	Hungary
country	Sävstaholm Castle (Sävstaholms slott) is a castle in Vingåker Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden.	Sävstaholm	Sweden
country	Pelutho is a hamlet in the civil parish of Holme St. Cuthbert in Cumbria, United Kingdom.	Pelutho	United Kingdom
country	Eumemmerring College is an Australian former co-educational government school with multiple campuses, and was Victoria's largest government secondary college, and 3rd largest school in Australia.	Eumemmerring College	Australia
country	International Buddhist College or IBC (Thai: วิทยาลัยพุทธศาสนานานาชาติ) is an inter-sectarian Buddhist higher education institute in Sadao District, Songkhla Province, Thailand.	International Buddhist College	Thailand
country	La Malinche National Park is located in the states of Puebla and Tlaxcala in Central Mexico.	La Malinche National Park	Mexico
country	Esztergom County (Latin: comitatus Stringoniensis, Hungarian: Esztergom (vár)megye, Slovak: Ostrihomský komitát / Ostrihomská stolica / Ostrihomská župa, German: Graner Gespanschaft / Komitat Gran) was an administrative county of the Kingdom of Hungary in present-day southern Slovakia and northern Hungary on both sides of the Danube river.	Esztergom County	Kingdom of Hungary
country	Kazanlı is a town in the greater Mersin municipality, Turkey.	Kazanlı	Turkey
country	Kani Deraz (Persian: كاني دراز‎, also Romanized as Kānī Derāz) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Deraz	Iran
country	Lideta is one of the 10 subcities of Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia.	Lideta	Ethiopia
country	Elinkine (also called Elinlin or Elinkinde) is a town in Casamance, Senegal, located at the mouth of the Casamance River, 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Oussouye.	Elinkine	Senegal
country	Gau-Odernheim (until 1896 simply Odernheim) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Gau-Odernheim	Germany
country	San Giovanni di Posada (Latin: Portus Luguidonis or Portus Liquidonis) is a frazione and small village in Sardinia, Italy, on the Tyrrhenian coast of the island, in the territory of the comune of Posada.	San Giovanni di Posada	Italy
country	Poloniny Dark-Sky Park (Slovak: Park tmavej oblohy Poloniny) is the first dark sky park in Slovakia.	Poloniny Dark-Sky Park	Slovakia
country	The Mac-Mac Falls is a waterfall on the Mac-Mac River in Mpumalanga, South Africa	Mac-Mac Falls	South Africa
country	Karapelit (Bulgarian: Карапелит, Romanian: Stejarul) is a village in the municipality of Dobrichka, in Dobrich Province, in northeastern Bulgaria.	Karapelit	Bulgaria
country	The Junglinster Longwave Transmitter is a longwave broadcasting facility used by RTL near Junglinster, Luxembourg, which went into service in 1932.	Junglinster Longwave Transmitter	Luxembourg
country	The Convento de Santa Dorotea is an Augustinian nun's convent in Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.	Convento de Santa Dorotea	Spain
country	Khak Vanaq (Persian: خاكوانق‎, also Romanized as Khāk Vānaq and Khākvānaq; also known as Khāyfānā, Haifona, Hāyfoneh, Ḩeyf Ūnā, and Khayfana) is a village in Sina Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khak Vanaq	Iran
country	Hajji Seyyed Ali Asghar (Persian: حاجي سيدعلي اصغر‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Seyyed ``Alī Āşghar) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Hajji Seyyed Ali Asghar	Iran
country	Aygut (Armenian: Այգուտ; formerly known as Gyolkend in Turkish, named after the seven nearby lakes) is a village located to the north of Lake Sevan in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Aygut	Armenia
country	Beitbridge or Mzingwane is a border town in the province of Matabeleland South, Zimbabwe.	Beitbridge	Zimbabwe
country	Umukabia (Igbo for Ukabia's children) is a village in the Ohuhu community of Umuahia North Local Government Area, Abia State, Nigeria.	Umukabia	Nigeria
country	Gösselsdorfer See (Slovene: Goslinsko jezero) is a lake of Carinthia, Austria.	Gösselsdorfer See	Austria
country	Mashkel (Balochi: مشخیل) is a tehsil of Kharan District, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Mashkel	Pakistan
country	Sokolniki Drzązgowskie (sɔkɔlˈniki dʐɔ̃zˈɡɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostrzyn, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sokolniki Drzązgowskie	Poland
country	Lađanica (Cyrillic: Лађаница) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lađanica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zakspeed (German pronunciation: (ˈtsakspiːt)) is a motor racing team from Germany, founded in 1968 by Erich Zakowski and now run by his son Peter Zakowski.	Zakspeed	Germany
country	Pirenga (Russian: Пиренга) is the rural locality (a Posyolok) in Polyarnye Zori municipality of Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Pirenga	Russia
country	Słowiki Nowe (swɔˈviki ˈnɔvɛ) or Nowe Słowiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sieciechów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słowiki Nowe	Poland
country	The Nariva River is one of the larger rivers in Trinidad and Tobago.	Nariva River	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Watchtower of El Vellón (Spanish: Atalaya de El Vellón) is a watchtower located in El Vellón, Spain.	Watchtower of El Vellón	Spain
country	Wartaqooqan is an unpopulated locality in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia.	Wartaqooqan	Somalia
country	The Museo de Antropología de Xalapa (English: Xalapa Museum of Anthropology) is an anthropological museum in the city of Xalapa, in the state of Veracruz in eastern Mexico.	Museo de Antropología de Xalapa	Mexico
country	Wandsworth Common Windmill is a conserved grade II listed smock mill at Wandsworth Common, in the London Borough of Wandsworth in the United Kingdom.	Wandsworth Common Windmill	United Kingdom
country	Straszewy (straˈʂɛvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Straszewy	Poland
country	Świdwin (ˈɕfidvin) (German: Schivelbein; Kashubian: Skwilbëno) is a town in West Pomeranian Voivodeship of northwestern Poland.	Świdwin	Poland
country	Astramyevo (Russian: Астрамьево) is a village in Zaraysky District, Moscow Oblast, Russia.	Astramyevo	Russia
country	Carmit is a new community in the northern Negev of Israel within the jurisdiction of Meitar located near Cramim Forest.	Carmit	Israel
country	Sesvete (Croatian pronunciation: (sêsʋete)) is one of the districts of Zagreb, Croatia.	Sesvete	Croatia
country	Korphe (Balti: ཀོརྰེ་) is a small subsistence farming village in northeastern Pakistan, situated at the foot of the Karakoram mountain range along the banks of the Braldu River.	Korphe	Pakistan
country	The Krugovaya Kinopanorama or Circular Kinopanorama (Russian: Круговая кинопанорама) - is a cinema in Moscow of Russia which plays Krugorama, a type of cinema presentation in which film is projected on a circular screen with a horizontal 360° view.	Krugovaya Kinopanorama	Russia
country	Jadamowo (jadaˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jadamowo	Poland
country	Zuwetina ( Marsa Uasili; Arabic: الزويتينة‎) is a coastal town and oil-exporting port in the Al Wahat District of the Cyrenaica region in north-eastern Libya.	Zuwetina	Libya
country	The Diocese of Borgå (Swedish: Borgå stift, Finnish: Porvoon hiippakunta) is a Diocese for the Swedish speaking minority of Finland.	Diocese of Borgå	Finland
country	Ahmedabad Civil Hospital is the largest hospital in Asia, and is located in Ahmedabad, India, with facilities for specialised diagnostic, therapeutic and rehabilitative patient care.	Ahmedabad Civil Hospital	India
country	Concepción del Bermejo is a village and municipality in Chaco Province in northern Argentina.	Concepción del Bermejo	Argentina
country	Melpulam is a small village near Kalavai, in Vellore District of Tamil Nadu, one of the popular southern states of Modern India.	Melpulam	India
country	Čačinci is a village in municipality in Croatia in the Virovitica--	Čačinci	Croatia
country	Ulstein Church (Norwegian: Ulstein kyrkje) is a parish church in Ulstein Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Ulstein Church	Norway
country	Federal Territory Day or Hari Wilayah Persekutuan, also known simply as Hari Wilayah, is a state holiday for Federal Territory in Malaysia.	Federal Territory Day	Malaysia
country	Sceale Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of the town of Sceale Bay.	Sceale Bay Conservation Park	Australia
country	Gangadik (Persian: گنگديك‎, also Romanized as Gangadīk; also known as Gan Gadūk) is a village in Kandovan Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gangadik	Iran
country	The Canton of Nœux-les-Mines is one of the 39 cantons of the Pas-de-Calais department, in northern France.	Canton of Nœux-les-Mines	France
country	Setergrotta (or Setergrotten) is a karst cave in Røvassdalen in the municipality of Rana in Nordland, Norway.	Setergrotta	Norway
country	Bøn Station lies on the Trunk Line in Eidsvoll municipality, Norway, and was opened as a stop in 1858.	Bøn Station	Norway
country	Lutzhorn is a small municipality, part of the district of Pinneberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, northern Germany.	Lutzhorn	Germany
country	Pielinen is the fourth largest lake of Finland, with a drainage basin area of 12,823 km2 (4,951 sq mi) that is equally distributed between eastern Finland and Russia.	Pielinen	Finland
country	Migolska Gora (pronounced (ˈmiːɡɔu̯ska ˈɡɔːra)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Migolska Gora	Slovenia
country	Qaleh Juqeh (Persian: قلعه جوقه‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Jūqeh; also known as Qal``eh Jūgheh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 235, in 33 families.	Qaleh Juqeh	Iran
country	McAuley Catholic College is a Roman Catholic, co-educational, secondary day school school situated on the Pacific Highway on the outskirts of Grafton in northern New South Wales, Australia.	McAuley Catholic College	Australia
country	Koropets (Ukrainian: Коропець; Polish: Koropiec) is an urban-type settlement in the Monastyryska Raion (district) of Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Koropets	Ukraine
country	Begaljica (Serbian Cyrillic: Бегаљица) is a rural settlement in the Grocka municipality of eastern Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Begaljica	Serbia
country	Hosur Aerodrome (IATA: VO95) is a private airfield located at Belagondapalli, 10 Kilometres southwest of Hosur, Tamil Nadu, India.	Hosur Aerodrome	India
country	Kochuveli railway station connects passengers to important cities of India.	Kochuveli railway station	India
country	Lomabad (Persian: لماباد‎, also Romanized as Lomābād) is a village in Malard Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Lomabad	Iran
country	Oitti railway station (Finnish: Oitin rautatieasema) is a railway station in the village of Oitti in the municipality of Hausjärvi, Finland.	Oitti railway station	Finland
country	The Berliner Philharmonie is a concert hall in Berlin, Germany.	Berliner Philharmonie	Germany
country	Saskatchewan Highway 641 is a highway in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, beginning at Highway 39 near Rouleau, and traveling north ending at Highway 15 at Semans.	Saskatchewan Highway 641	Canada
country	Považská Bystrica ( pronunciation ; German: Waagbistritz; Hungarian: Vágbeszterce) is a town in northwestern Slovakia.	Považská Bystrica	Slovakia
country	Beklik (Persian: بكليك‎, also Romanized as Beklīk; also known as Beglīg, Beyglīk, and Qareh Chāy) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Tafresh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Beklik	Iran
country	Malmfälten (Swedish: the Ore Fields) is a major mining district in Sweden, centred on the northern towns of Kiruna and Malmberget.	Malmfälten	Sweden
country	St. John's School, Marhauli, Varanasi is an English medium, private school located in the city of Varanasi, India.	St. John's School, Marhauli, Varanasi	India
country	Hồ Cốc is a small beach community located in Vietnam's Bà Rịa--	Hồ Cốc	Vietnam
country	Internati, officially is known as Chkondideli District, is a suburb of Rustavi, south-eastern Georgia, which is situated in the eastern part of the city and is separated from the rest of town by the Tbilisi-Baku railway track.	Internati	Georgia
country	Shahrak-e Shahid Mohasan Boni Najar (Persian: شهرك شهيدمحسن بني نجار‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shahīd Moḥasan Bonī Najār) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District, in the Central District of Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shahid Mohasan Boni Najar	Iran
country	Oddemarka is a community within Kristiansand, Vest-Agder, Norway.	Oddemarka	Norway
country	The Gitschberg is a mountain of the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Gitschberg	Italy
country	Sentul Raya is a new township located in the proximity of Sentul in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Sentul Raya	Malaysia
country	The German Research Institute for Public Administration (GRIP, German: Deutsches Forschungsinstitut für öffentliche Verwaltung, FÖV) is a non-university research institute for public administration located in Speyer, Rhineland Palatinate, Germany.	German Research Institute for Public Administration	Germany
country	Das Echo is a monthly German language newspaper based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Das Echo	Canada
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2011, the Handforth Ward has a population of 9,139 people.	Handforth	United Kingdom
country	Julius Blüthner Pianofortefabrik GmbH, is a piano-manufacturing company in Leipzig Germany.	Blüthner	Germany
country	Abu Halifa District is one of the districts of Al Ahmadi Governorate in Kuwait.	Abu Halifa District	Kuwait
country	Huaiji County (simplified Chinese: 怀集县; traditional Chinese: 懷集縣; pinyin: Huáijí Xiàn) is a county of western Guangdong province, People's Republic of China.	Huaiji County	People's Republic of China
country	Aragatsavan (Armenian: Արագածավան); formerly known as Alagyoz, is a major village in the western part of the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Aragatsavan	Armenia
country	Khir Rural District (Persian: دهستان خير‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Runiz District, Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khir Rural District	Iran
country	Badafshan-e Pain (Persian: بادافشان پايين‎, also Romanized as Bādafshān-e Pā’īn; also known as Gāshū Pā’īn) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Badafshan-e Pain	Iran
country	Dhaid, or Al Dhaid, is the capital of the central district of the Emirate of Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates.	Dhaid	United Arab Emirates
country	Liopetri (Greek: Λιοπέτρι (ʎoˈpetri)) is a village in southern Famagusta District, in Cyprus.	Liopetri	Cyprus
country	Dolna Oryahovitsa (Bulgarian: Долна Оряховица) is a town in northern Bulgaria, part of Gorna Oryahovitsa municipality, Veliko Tarnovo Province.	Dolna Oryahovitsa	Bulgaria
country	Kari Motor Speedway is a purpose built auto racing circuit or race track, located in Orratukuppai, Chettipalayam, Coimbatore, India.	Kari Motor Speedway	India
country	Tuholj (Cyrillic: Тухољ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tuholj	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Madonie (Italian pronunciation: (madoˈniːe); Sicilian: Madunìi) are one of the principal mountain groups in Sicily, southern Italy, part of the Sicilian portion of the Apennines.	Madonie	Italy
country	Bút Tháp Temple (Vietnamese: Chùa Bút Tháp, hán tự: 寧福寺) is a Buddhist temple located near the dyke of the Đuống River, Thuận Thành District, Bắc Ninh Province, Vietnam.	Bút Tháp Temple	Vietnam
country	The Ok Tedi Mine is an open-pit copper and gold mine in Papua New Guinea located near the headwaters of the Ok Tedi River, in the Star Mountains Rural LLG of the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Ok Tedi Mine	Papua New Guinea
country	Stuart Landsborough's Puzzling World is a tourist attraction near Wanaka, New Zealand.	Puzzling World	New Zealand
country	The Mount Yarrowyck Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve that is located on the Northern Tablelands in the New England region of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Mount Yarrowyck Nature Reserve	Australia
country	Saikhandulaan (Mongolian: Сайхандулаан, Nice warmth) is a sum (district) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia.	Saikhandulaan	Mongolia
country	Seaforth House was a mansion in Seaforth, Merseyside England built in 1813 for Sir John Gladstone, father of William Ewart Gladstone who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom four times.	Seaforth House	United Kingdom
country	St. Olav's Abbey, Stavanger (Olavsklosteret i Stavanger) was a house of Augustinian Canons in Stavanger, Norway.	St. Olav's Abbey, Stavanger	Norway
country	The Forsakar Nature Reserve (Swedish: Naturreservatet Forsakar) is situated in the north-eastern part of the Skåne province of Sweden, in the Kristianstad municipality near the village of Degeberga.	Forsakar Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Thirukkovil or Tirukovil is a town in the Ampara District of Sri Lanka, situated along the eastern coast of the island.	Thirukkovil	Sri Lanka
country	Thabazimbi is an iron mining town in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Thabazimbi	South Africa
country	Sretensk (Russian: Сретенск; IPA: (ˈsrʲetʲɪnsk)) is a town and the administrative center of Sretensky District in Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Shilka River (Amur basin), 385 kilometers (239 mi) east of Chita, the administrative center of the krai.	Sretensk	Russia
country	Otoyol 21 (English: Motorway 21), abbreviated as , aka Ankara-Tarsus Otoyolu or currently Kemerhisar-Tarsus Otoyolu (English: Ankara-Tarsus Motorway or Kemerhisar-Tarsus Motorway) or, is a partly complete toll motorway in the Central Anatolia and Mediterranean regions in Turkey.	Otoyol 21	Turkey
country	The Orto Botanico Locatelli (300 m²) is a small botanical garden located at Via Francesco Baracca 86, Mestre, Veneto, Italy.	Orto Botanico Locatelli	Italy
country	It is located at the eastern end of the Afar Region of Ethiopia, at 11°22′N 41°36′E. Lake Bario lies in the middle of a swamp, through which it receives its inflow from Lake Afambo to the northeast.	Lake Bario	Ethiopia
country	Pinar de Campoverde (Pine Forest in/of the Green Field literally) is a small village located at the foot of the Sierra de Escalona mountain range, nine kilometres from Pilar de la Horadada borough council, in the province of Alicante, Spain.	Pinar de Campoverde	Spain
country	The People's Party of Timor (Partido do Povo de Timor PPT) is a conservative political party in East Timor.	People's Party of Timor	East Timor
country	Horodyshche (Ukrainian: Городище) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Horodyshche	Ukraine
country	The 1965 World Judo Championships were the 4th edition of the World Judo Championships, and were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from October 14--17, 1965.	1965 World Judo Championships	Brazil
country	Nemška Gora (pronounced (ˈneːmʃka ˈgɔːɾa); German: Deutschberg) is a small settlement in the hills west of Leskovec pri Krškem in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Nemška Gora	Slovenia
country	Kamienny Dół (kaˈmjɛnnɨ ˈduu̯) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kamienny Dół	Poland
country	Si Nan National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติศรีน่าน) is a national park in Thailand's Nan Province.	Si Nan National Park	Thailand
country	New Karachi Town (Sindhi: نئين ڪراچي ٽائون‎ Urdu: نئی کراچی ٹاؤن ‎ na'ī karācī ṭā'un) is a town in the northern part of Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	New Karachi Town	Pakistan
country	Riverside International Speedway is a 1/3 mile, high banked, asphalt short track located in James River, Nova Scotia, Canada, about ten kilometres southwest of the town of Antigonish.	Riverside International Speedway	Canada
country	Sarigyugh (Armenian: Սարիգյուղ, also Romanized as Sarigyukh and Sarigjugh; formerly, Srygekh and Srigekh) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia.	Sarigyugh	Armenia
country	Aqa Baba Sank (Persian: اقاباباسنك‎, also Romanized as Āqā Bābā Sank; also known as Āqā Bābā Sang and Āqā Bābāy Sang) is a village in Ozomdel-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aqa Baba Sank	Iran
country	Dinarvand-e Olya (Persian: ديناروندعليا‎, also Romanized as Dīnārvand-e ``Olyā) is a village in Koregah-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 940, in 184 families.	Dinarvand-e Olya	Iran
country	Teggiano (formerly called Diano) is a town and comune in Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno.	Teggiano	Italy
country	Finnish Aviation Academy Ltd (Finnish: Suomen Ilmailuopisto Oy, FINAA for short) is an aviation school based in Pori, Finland.	Finnish Aviation Academy	Finland
country	Palangiabad, Nosratabad (Persian: پلنگی‌آباد ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Palangiabad, Nosratabad	Iran
country	Bouzeguene (alternatively Wizgane) is a Kabyle town in Tizi Ouzou Province, Algeria, approximately 170 km from Algiers.	Bouzeguene	Algeria
country	The Kouchibouguac River is a river in eastern New Brunswick, Canada, which empties into the Northumberland Strait.	Kouchibouguac River	Canada
country	Volovets Pass (Ukrainian: Воловецький перевал,Hungarian: Kisszolyvai-hágó) is a mountain pass in the north-eastern Carpathian Mountains of Ukraine through the Vodorazdel'nyy backbone.	Volovets Pass	Ukraine
country	Trebišov (Hungarian: Tőketerebes; German: Trebischau) is a small industrial town in the easternmost part of Slovakia, with a population of around 23,000.	Trebišov	Slovakia
country	Metro San Joaquín (Spanish: Estación San Joaquín) is a station along Line 7 of the metro of Mexico City.	Metro San Joaquín	Mexico
country	Lake Nisramont (French: lac de Nisramont) is located in east of Belgium on the river Ourthe in the municipality of La Roche-en-Ardenne.	Lake Nisramont	Belgium
country	Aotea Lagoon is an artificial lagoon surrounded by a 7-hectare (17-acre) public park in the Papakowhai suburb of Porirua, North Island, New Zealand.	Aotea Lagoon	New Zealand
country	Ravne pri Zdolah (pronounced (ˈɾaːu̯nɛ pɾi ˈzdoːlax)) is a settlement in the hills north of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Ravne pri Zdolah	Slovenia
country	Chandmari (Assamese: চান্দমাৰী) is one of the oldest locality of Guwahati, Assam, India.	Chandmari	India
country	Kaitoke Regional Park is a Wellington Regional park located in Kaitoke, New Zealand, past Upper Hutt.	Kaitoke Regional Park	New Zealand
country	Tour Granite is an office skyscraper in La Défense, the high-rise business district situated west of Paris, France.	Tour Granite	France
country	Killi Sazoo is an ancient village of the Harnai District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Sazoo	Pakistan
country	Damietta (Egyptian Arabic: دمياط Dumyāṭ , IPA: (domˈjɑːtˤ)), also known as Damiata, or Domyat, is a port and the capital of the Damietta Governorate in Egypt, a former bishopric and present multiple Catholic titular see.	Damietta	Egypt
country	Langelinie (English: Long Line) is a pier, promenade and park in central Copenhagen, Denmark, and home of the statue of The Little Mermaid.	Langelinie	Denmark
country	Dhamtari is a municipal corporation and district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India, which is part of the Mahasamund Lok Sabha constituency formed on 6 July 1998..	Dhamtari	India
country	The Dr. João Havelange Centre of Excellence is a football academy and development suite on the outskirts of Port-of-Spain in Trinidad and Tobago.	Dr. João Havelange Centre of Excellence	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Valabetokana (also Ambatoasana Valabetokana) is a town and commune in Madagascar.	Valabetokana	Madagascar
country	The Okeluse Forest Reserve is situated in S W Nigeria, and covers 144 km2.	Okeluse Forest Reserve	Nigeria
country	Besni Fok (Serbian Cyrillic: Бесни Фок) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Besni Fok	Serbia
country	The Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics (CSHPM) is dedicated to the study of the history and philosophy of mathematics in Canada.	Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics	Canada
country	Asbury & West United Church is a United Church of Canada church in the Bathurst and Lawrence area of Toronto, Canada.	Asbury & West United Church	Canada
country	Potiskavec (pronounced (pɔtiˈskaːʋəts); German: Potiskauz) is a village in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia.	Potiskavec	Slovenia
country	Erckartswiller (German: Erkartsweiler) is a commune, in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Erckartswiller	France
country	Villa Maria College, Christchurch, New Zealand was opened on 18 February 1918 with 14 pupils.	Villa Maria College, Christchurch	New Zealand
country	The Toluid Civil War, and the wars that followed it (such as the Berke--Hulagu war and the Kaidu--Kublai war), weakened the authority of the Great Khan over the Mongol Empire and split the empire into autonomous khanates.	Toluid Civil War	Mongol Empire
country	Naftal (Arabic: نفطال) is the principal company selling petroleum-based fuels for domestic consumption in Algeria; its gas stations are a familiar sight throughout the country.	Naftal	Algeria
country	Lina gård is a former seat farm located at Linasundet in current time Södertälje, Stockholm County, Sweden.	Lina gård	Sweden
country	Abertzaleen Batasuna (AB; English: Patriot's Union or Unity) is a Basque political party in France.	Abertzaleen Batasuna	France
country	Gylle Church (Swedish: Gylle kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church on the countryside north-east of Trelleborg, Sweden.	Gylle Church	Sweden
country	At that time, Novo Hamburgo was part of São Leopoldo, the cradle of German immigration in Brazil.	Novo Hamburgo	Brazil
country	Masindi Airport (IATA: KCU, ICAO: HUMI) is an airport in Uganda.	Masindi Airport	Uganda
country	Starosty (staˈrɔstɨ) (German: Müllersbrück; until 1938: Starosten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliczki, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Starosty	Poland
country	Vest-Agder Museum Kristiansand (formerly Vest-Agder Fylkesmuseum) was founded in 1903 and is located in Kristiansand, Norway.	Vest-Agder Museum Kristiansand	Norway
country	Kalach Khani (Persian: كلاچخاني‎, also Romanized as Kalāch Khānī) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalach Khani	Iran
country	Hardeland hydroelectric power station is a power plant in Etne in western Norway.	Hardeland hydroelectric power station	Norway
country	Begunje na Gorenjskem (pronounced (ˈbeːɡunjɛ na ɡɔˈɾeːnskɛm); German: Vigaun) is a village in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Begunje na Gorenjskem	Slovenia
country	Surfers Paradise International Raceway was a motor racing complex at Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Surfers Paradise International Raceway	Australia
country	Forum Hadriani, in the modern town of Voorburg, was the northern-most Roman city on the European continent and the second oldest city of The Netherlands.	Forum Hadriani	Netherlands
country	The Cíes Islands are an archipelago off the coast of Pontevedra in Galicia (Spain), in the mouth of the Ría de Vigo.	Cíes Islands	Spain
country	Homu (Persian: همو‎, also Romanized as Homū) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Homu	Iran
country	Długojów (dwuˈɡɔjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Długojów	Poland
country	As population of 2011 India census, Jintur has population of 44,291 of which 22,616 are males while 21,675 are females.	Jintur	India
country	Üzümçülər is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Üzümçülər	Azerbaijan
country	Uhldingen-Mühlhofen is a town at the northern shore of Lake Constance, Germany between Überlingen and Meersburg.	Uhldingen-Mühlhofen	Germany
country	Zarzar Lake is a lake, located 30 kilometres northwest of Damascus, Syria.	Zarzar Lake	Syria
country	Kanger Ghati National Park (also called Kanger Valley National Park) was declared a National Park in 1982 by the Government of India.	Kanger Ghati National Park	India
country	Luganville is the second largest city in Vanuatu.	Luganville	Vanuatu
country	Little Castle (Slovene: Mali grad) in Kamnik, Slovenia, once formed part of a castle constructed in the 11th or early 12th century at the strategic site above the narrow passage near an important trail.	Little Castle	Slovenia
country	The Tashkent State University of Economics (Uzbek: Toshkent Davlat Iqtisodiyot Universiteti , Тошкент Давлат Иқтисодиёт Университети) is one of the largest higher education establishments in the sphere of economics in Uzbekistan and in Central Asia.	Tashkent State University of Economics	Uzbekistan
country	Sakhir Air Base (ICAO: OBKH) is a public use airport located 3 nm south-southwest of Awali, Bahrain.	Sakhir Air Base	Bahrain
country	Keispelt (Luxembourgish: Keespelt) is a small town in the commune of Kehlen, in central Luxembourg.	Keispelt	Luxembourg
country	`Iyāl Bakhīt is a town in West Kurdufan Province in central Sudan 60 kilometres west of El Obeid.	`Iyāl Bakhīt	Sudan
country	Holzbrücke Rapperswil-Hurden is a wooden pedestrian bridge between the city of Rapperswil and the village of Hurden crossing the upper Lake Zürich (Obersee) in Switzerland.	Holzbrücke Rapperswil-Hurden	Switzerland
country	Parchestan-e Gurui (Persian: پرچستان گورويي‎, also Romanized as Parchestān-e Gūrū’ī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Parchestan-e Gurui	Iran
country	Laguna Torca National Reserve is a national reserve of Chile's Maule Region.	Laguna Torca National Reserve	Chile
country	Nahrain University (Arabic: جامعة النهرين), (also known as Al-Nahrain University) formerly Saddam University) , is a coeducational public university established in 1988 and located in Baghdad, Iraq.	Nahrain University	Iraq
country	Sankt Petri Passage (literally St Peter's Passageway) is a passageway and surrounding mixed-use complex linking Nørregade with Larslejsstræde in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Sankt Petri Passage	Denmark
country	Bărăganu (Romanian pronunciation: (bərəˈɡanu)) is a commune in Constanţa County, Romania.	Bărăganu	Romania
country	R v Harbottle, is a Canadian criminal law case decided by the Supreme Court of Canada on the standard of causation required in order for an accused to be convicted of first degree murder under section 231(5) (where the murder is subsequent to a predicate offence) of the Criminal Code.	R v Harbottle	Canada
country	Manav Sthali School is a Senior secondary public school in New Delhi, India.	Manav Sthali School	India
country	Gefen (Hebrew: גֶּפֶן, lit. Grapevine) is a moshav in central Israel.	Gefen	Israel
country	Vogelpark Turnersee (English: Turnersee bird park) is a large bird park near Turnersee in Sankt Kanzian am Klopeiner See, Carinthia, Austria.	Vogelpark Turnersee	Austria
country	Yunt Mountains are in western Anatolia, Aegean Region of Turkey.	Yunt Mountains	Turkey
country	Retki (ˈrɛtki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Retki	Poland
country	Serra de Paüls is a mountain range in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit, Catalonia, Spain.	Serra de Paüls	Spain
country	The Victims Compensation Tribunal of New South Wales is a former tribunal of the Government of New South Wales that was established to determine the amounts that may be awarded to victims of crime for personal injury in New South Wales, a state of Australia.	Victims Compensation Tribunal	Australia
country	Bahalin (Bulgarian: Бахалин) is a small village in Slivnitsa Municipality, Sofia Province, located in western Bulgaria approximately 15 km west of the town of Slivnitsa.	Bahalin	Bulgaria
country	Marimenuco Airfield (Spanish: Aeródromo Marimenuco, ICAO: SCNU) is a public use airport located 9 kilometres (6 mi) west-southwest of Marimenuco, La Araucanía, Chile.	Marimenuco Airfield	Chile
country	Alto Palancia (Valencian: Alt Palància) is a comarca in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community (Spain).	Alto Palancia	Spain
country	Urmia University (Persian: دانشگاه ارومیه‎‎) (also known as University of Urmia) is a public university West Azerbaijan province, Iran.	Urmia University	Iran
country	The Académie de la Grande Chaumière (academy of the large thatched cottage) is an art school in the 6th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Académie de la Grande Chaumière	France
country	The Arboretum du Font de l'Orme is an arboretum located near the Gorges du Régalon in Font de l'Orme, Mérindol, Vaucluse, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France.	Arboretum du Font de l'Orme	France
country	Bogenhofen Seminary or Seminar Schloss Bogenhofen is a Seventh-day Adventist seminary of theology, Oberstufenrealgymnasium (high school), and language school in the Innviertel region of Upper Austria.	Bogenhofen Seminary	Austria
country	Alluitz (also Asluze ) is a peak of Biscay, Basque Country (Spain), 1,034.3 metres high.	Alluitz	Spain
country	The Mt Lindsay mine is a large open pit mine located in the northwest of Tasmania, Australia.	Mt Lindsay mine	Australia
country	Rowshandan (Persian: روشندان‎, also Romanized as Rowshandān) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rowshandan	Iran
country	Miastkowo (mjastˈkɔvɔ) is a village in Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Miastkowo	Poland
country	Kurki Mokhtar Coffee Cooperative (Persian: قهوه خانه كوركي مختار‎ -- Qahūh Khāneh-ye Kūrkī Mokhtār) is a village in Sarrud-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kurki Mokhtar Coffee Cooperative	Iran
country	Garuchan (Persian: گروچان‎, also Romanized as Garūchān) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Garuchan	Iran
country	Ottawa Tool Library (OTL) is a not for profit tool lending public library system based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa Tool Library	Canada
country	Pyrkivä Turku, Finnish Turun Pyrkivä, earlier Maarian Pyrkivä (pyrkivä meaning ``endeavouring'') is a sports club from Turku, Finland, which was founded in 1906 by sportsmen who represented artistic gymnastics.	Pyrkivä Turku	Finland
country	Ostrowo Szlacheckie Palace - historic palace in Ostrowo Szlacheckie (Września County, Poland).	Ostrowo Szlacheckie Palace	Poland
country	St John of God Halswell is a service of St John of God Hauora Trust, the New Zealand division of St John of God Health Care, one of the largest providers of healthcare in Australasia.	St John of God Halswell	New Zealand
country	The Lorne Pierce Medal is awarded every two years by the Royal Society of Canada to recognize achievement of special significance and conspicuous merit in imaginative or critical literature written in either English or French.	Lorne Pierce Medal	Canada
country	The Birdsville Track is a notable outback road in Australia.	Birdsville Track	Australia
country	Raudonė Castle is a residential castle (estate, manor) of the 19th century in Raudonė, Lithuania.	Raudonė Castle	Lithuania
country	Saranist (also, Saramist and Tutiya) is a former town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Saranist	Armenia
country	Dashe District (Chinese: 大社區; pinyin: Dàshè Qū; Wade--Giles: Ta4-she4 Ch'ü1) is a suburban district in southwest Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Dashe District	Taiwan
country	Digrauta is a village in Uttar Pradesh state of India.	Digrauta	India
country	The Maluku Islands or the Moluccas (/məˈlʌkəz/) are an archipelago within Indonesia.	Maluku Islands	Indonesia
country	Gabrijele (pronounced (ɡabɾiˈjeːlɛ)) is a village west of Krmelj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Gabrijele	Slovenia
country	Başakşehir is one of the 39 second-level districts in Greater Istanbul, Turkey.	Başakşehir	Turkey
country	Mölndal Municipality (Mölndals kommun or Mölndals stad) is a municipality in Västra Götaland in western Sweden, just south of Gothenburg.	Mölndal Municipality	Sweden
country	Maharamau is a village of Unnao district of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Maharamau	India
country	The Defence Services Medical Academy (DSMA) (Burmese: တပ်မတော် ဆေး တက္ကသိုလ်, pronounced: (taʔmədɔ̀ sʰé tɛʔkəθò)), located in Mingaladon, Yangon, is the University of Medicine of the Myanmar Armed Forces.	Defence Services Medical Academy	Myanmar
country	Banaf (Persian: بناف‎, also Romanized as Banāf; also known as Banāv) is a village in Kamaraj Rural District, Kamaraj and Konartakhteh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Banaf	Iran
country	Dehaqan County (Persian: شهرستان دهاقان‎) is a county in Isfahan Province in Iran.	Dehaqan County	Iran
country	Stålboga Summer Opera (Swedish: Stålboga sommaropera) is an annual event staged at the privately owned Stålboga Manor House on a small peninsula in the lake Eklången 35 kilometers from Eskilstuna and 100 kilometers from Stockholm, Sweden.	Stålboga Summer Opera	Sweden
country	Węgrzynowice (vɛŋɡʐɨnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Węgrzynowice	Poland
country	Konz (Latin: Contionacum) is a city in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Konz	Germany
country	Szkuciska (ʂkuˈt͡ɕiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szkuciska	Poland
country	Sundeved is a peninsula on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark.	Sundeved	Denmark
country	Odibo is a village in the north of Namibia close to the Angolan border known for its Anglican mission St Mary.	Odibo	Namibia
country	Xəlsə (also, Khalsa and Khaysalyar) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xəlsə	Azerbaijan
country	San Carlos de Bariloche, usually known as Bariloche, is a city in the province of Río Negro, Argentina, situated in the foothills of the Andes on the southern shores of Nahuel Huapi Lake.	Bariloche	Argentina
country	Grabovë e Sipërme (also: Grabova; Aromanian: Greãva) is a village in Albania inhabited by Aromanians.	Grabovë e Sipërme	Albania
country	Ave Maria Convent Branch School (AMC Branch) is a major catholic girls' school in Negombo, Sri Lanka.	Ave Maria Convent Branch School	Sri Lanka
country	Silay Institute, informally referred to by its acronym SI, is a private, co-educational institution of learning located in Silay City, 14 kilometers north of Bacolod City, the capital of Negros Occidental province in the Philippines.	Silay Institute	Philippines
country	Tagbilaran City Science High School (Filipino: Mataas na Paaralang Pang-Agham ng Tagbilaran) is a special-science secondary school under the Interim City Schools Division of Tagbilaran City in the Philippines.	Tagbilaran City Science High School	Philippines
country	Château Prieuré-Lichine, previously Château Le Prieuré and Château Prieuré-Cantenac, is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France, in the commune of Cantenac.	Château Prieuré-Lichine	France
country	The Lettstädter Höhe is a mountain, 966 metres high, in the Central Black Forest in Germany, southwest of Kniebis.	Lettstädter Höhe	Germany
country	The 2009 Belgian Grand Prix (formally the LXV ING Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula One motor race, held on August 30, 2009 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps near the town of Spa, Belgium.	2009 Belgian Grand Prix	Belgium
country	Kam Sorkh (Persian: كمسرخ‎; also known as Kamsurkh) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Goruh Rural District, Rayen District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kam Sorkh	Iran
country	Monsignor Percy Johnson Catholic High School is a Roman Catholic high school in northern Etobicoke in the city of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Monsignor Percy Johnson Catholic High School	Canada
country	Bandar Tasik Selatan station is a Malaysian interchange station located next to and named after Bandar Tasik Selatan, in Kuala Lumpur, the capital city of Malaysia.	Bandar Tasik Selatan station	Malaysia
country	The Buntingford Branch Line or The Bunt was a railway in Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom.	Buntingford Branch Line	United Kingdom
country	Great Bačka Canal (Serbian: Велики бачки канал/Veliki bački kanal) is a canal in Serbia which runs from Bezdan (on the Danube) to Bečej (on the Tisa).	Great Bačka Canal	Serbia
country	Bíldudalur Airport (IATA: BIU, ICAO: BIBD) is an airport serving Bíldudalur, a village in the Vesturbyggð municipality in the Westfjords of Iceland.	Bíldudalur Airport	Iceland
country	Kuski (ˈkuski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kuski	Poland
country	The Barcelona Supercomputing Center (BSC) (Catalan: Centre Nacional de Supercomputació, Spanish: Centro Nacional de Supercomputación) is a public research center located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Barcelona Supercomputing Center	Spain
country	Matauri Bay is a bay in New Zealand, situated 30 km north of Kerikeri, in Whangaroa county, just north of the Bay of Islands.	Matauri Bay	New Zealand
country	Izgori (Serbian Cyrillic: Изгори) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Izgori	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Västerlånggatan (The Western Long Street) is a street in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden.	Västerlånggatan	Sweden
country	Rymki (ˈrɨmki) (German: Rymken (1938-45:Riemken)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rymki	Poland
country	The Château de Larroque-Toirac is a mediaeval castle in the commune of Larroque-Toirac in the Lot département of France.	Château de Larroque-Toirac	France
country	The Alcazaba of Almería is a fortified complex in Almería, southern Spain.	Alcazaba of Almería	Spain
country	Uzovnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Узовница) is a village in Serbia.	Uzovnica	Serbia
country	Wangdue Phodrang (Tibetan: དབང་འདུས་ཕོ་བྲང་, Dzongkha 'Wangdi Phodr'a) is a town and capital (dzongkhag thromde) of Wangdue Phodrang District in central Bhutan.	Wangdue Phodrang	Bhutan
country	The Liceu Escolar de Lleida was a school in Lleida, Catalonia, Spain founded by Frederic Godàs and Victorina Vila Badia in 1906, who wanted to introduce a modern, progressive pedagogy system, part of the New Catalan School movement, in the country's outdated and authoritarian school system.	Liceu Escolar de Lleida	Spain
country	Port Browning, British Columbia, Canada is formed between North and South Pender Islands in the British Columbia Gulf Islands.	Port Browning, British Columbia	Canada
country	Mazraeh-ye Qarah Gol (Persian: مزرعه قره گل‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Qarah Gol) is a village in Karimabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Qarah Gol	Iran
country	The National Christian Life College (NCLC), formerly the Maranatha Christian Academy (MCA), is a private, non-stock, non-sectarian Christian school, with its main campus in Marikina City, Philippines.	National Christian Life College	Philippines
country	Zugló (German: Lerchenfeld) is the official name of the 14th district of Budapest (Hungarian: Budapest XIV. kerülete), the capital of Hungary.	Zugló	Hungary
country	The British Columbia Premier Baseball League, commonly referred to as the BCPBL or the PBL, is a competitive youth baseball league consisting of 13 teams located throughout British Columbia, Canada.	British Columbia Premier Baseball League	Canada
country	Toneheim Folk High School (Norwegian: Toneheim folkehøgskole) is a folk high school located in Hamar, Norway, which focuses on music.	Toneheim Folk High School	Norway
country	Ludmiłówka (ludmiˈwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzkowice, within Kraśnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ludmiłówka	Poland
country	Dys (dɨs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dys	Poland
country	The Talari Gorges or Gorges de Talary are a series of gorges on the Sénégal River in Mali, between the towns of Bafoulabé (upstream) and Galougo (downstream) in the Kayes Region, at an altitude of about 75 meters or 249 feet above sea level.	Talari Gorges	Mali
country	The Auckland Town Hall is a historic building on Queen Street in downtown Auckland, New Zealand, known both for its original and ongoing use for administrative functions (such as Council meetings and hearings), as well as for its famed Great Hall and its separate Concert Chamber.	Auckland Town Hall	New Zealand
country	Hoseynabad-e Gusheh (Persian: حسين ابادگوشه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Gūsheh) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Gusheh	Iran
country	Cosenza (pronounced (koˈzɛntsa) listen ) is a city in the Calabria region of Southern Italy.	Cosenza	Italy
country	Erta Ale Range is the most important axial volcanic chain of the Afar Depression, Afar Region, Ethiopia.	Erta Ale Range	Ethiopia
country	Sahakara Nagar is a residential suburb in Bangalore, India.	Sahakara Nagar	India
country	Mackay Airport (IATA: MKY, ICAO: YBMK) located in Mackay, Queensland, Australia is a major Australian regional airport that services the city of Mackay, with flights to the cities of Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Gladstone, Rockhampton, Townsville and Cairns.	Mackay Airport	Australia
country	Luhwa is a city in northwest Burundi.	Luhwa	Burundi
country	Dombås Heliport, Brunshaugen (ICAO: ENDB; Norwegian: Dombås helikopterplass, Brunshaugen) is a heliport situated in Dombås in Dovre, Norway.	Dombås Heliport, Brunshaugen	Norway
country	Tignes (French pronunciation: ​(tiɲ)) is a commune in the Tarentaise Valley, Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Tignes	France
country	The Mandalagan volcano is located at latitude 10.65° North (10°39'0``N), longitude 123.25° East (123°15'0''E), in the province of Negros Occidental, on the north of the island of Negros of the Philippines.	Mandalagan	Philippines
country	Khosrowabad-e Amjadi (Persian: خسروابادامجدي‎, also Romanized as Khosrowābād-e Amjadī) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Khosrowabad-e Amjadi	Iran
country	Bušinec (pronounced (buˈʃiːnəts)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Bušinec	Slovenia
country	Bardeh Naqshineh (Persian: برده نقشينه‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Naqshīneh) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Naqshineh	Iran
country	The 13th U-boat Flotilla (German 13. Unterseebootsflottille) was a World War II U-Boat unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine stationed in Trondheim, Norway.	13th U-boat Flotilla	Germany
country	The Regional State Archives in Bergen (Norwegian: Statsarkivet i Bergen) is a regional state archives situated at Årstad in Bergen, Norway.	Regional State Archives in Bergen	Norway
country	Dorogobuzh (Russian: Дорогобу́ж; Polish: Dorohobuż) is a historic town and the administrative center of Dorogobuzhsky District in Smolensk Oblast, Russia, straddling the Dnieper River and located 125 kilometers (78 mi) east of Smolensk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Dorogobuzh	Russia
country	Bagh Deh (Persian: باغ ده‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Deh) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh Deh	Iran
country	Jagnin (ˈjaɡnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Jagnin	Poland
country	Søllerød is a suburban district of Rudersdal Municipality in the northern outskirts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Søllerød	Denmark
country	Ban Bang Krathum (Thai: บ้านบางกระทุ่ม) is a town in the Bang Krathum Subdistrict of Bang Krathum District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Ban Bang Krathum	Thailand
country	Hotel Splendid is the a 5-star hotel in Bečići, Montenegro.	Hotel Splendid	Montenegro
country	Barmy (also, Barumy-Perdli, Pardaly, and Varumy) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Barmy	Azerbaijan
country	Ráfales (Spanish: (ˈrafales)) or Ràfels (Catalan: (ˈrafəɫs), locally: (ˈrafeɫs)) is a municipality located in the Matarraña/Matarranya comarca, province of Teruel, Aragon, Spain.	Ráfales	Spain
country	The Damar mine is a large mine in the east of Turkey in Artvin Province, 465 km east of the capital, Ankara.	Damar mine	Turkey
country	Amlidhodha is a small village in the samkera post office and Tamnar Nagar Panchayat, Raigarh district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Amlidhodha	India
country	International Film Festival Cinematik (IFFC) is an international film festival in Piešťany, Slovakia.	International Film Festival Cinematik	Slovakia
country	Więcbork (ˈvjɛnt͡sbɔrk) (German: Vandsburg) is a town in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship in Poland.	Więcbork	Poland
country	Oueguedo-Yarce is a village in the Tenkodogo Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso.	Oueguedo-Yarce	Burkina Faso
country	Bad Bergzabern ( listen ) is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district, on the German Wine Route in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bad Bergzabern	Germany
country	Deh Qola (Persian: ده قلا‎, also Romanized as Deh Qolā; also known as Dehqa``leh) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 49, in 11 families.	Deh Qola	Iran
country	The Accona Desert (Italian: Deserto di Accona) is a semi-arid area in Tuscany, Italy, in the center of the so-called Crete senesi, in the west and the south of the comune of Asciano.	Accona Desert	Italy
country	Birtouta (Arabic: بئر توتة‎) is a town and commune in Algiers Province, Algeria.	Birtouta	Algeria
country	Laifeng County (simplified Chinese: 来凤县; traditional Chinese: 來鳳縣; pinyin: Láifèng Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Laifeng County	People's Republic of China
country	Toko School is a full co-educational primary school located in Stratford, New Zealand which was established in 1893.	Toko School	New Zealand
country	Faxe Ladeplads is a coastal town in Denmark with a population of 2,863 (1 January 2015), located in Zealand and lying 5 kilometers south-east from Faxe.	Faxe Ladeplads	Denmark
country	Hajji Aziz-e Cheshmeh Sefid (Persian: حاجي عزيز چشمه سفيد‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī ʿAzīz-e Cheshmeh Sefīd; also known as Ḩājīazīz) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hajji Aziz-e Cheshmeh Sefid	Iran
country	Point Weyland is a headland located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west south-west of the town of Venus Bay and about 51 kilometres (32 mi) north north-west of the town of Elliston.	Point Weyland	Australia
country	Old Castle in Żywiec (Polish: Stary zamek w Żywcu) is a castle located in Żywiec, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Old Castle in Żywiec	Poland
country	Tachov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtaxof); German: Tachau) is a town in the Pilsen Region of the Czech Republic.	Tachov	Czech Republic
country	York Regional Council is the political body for the Regional Municipality of York in Ontario, Canada.	York Regional Council	Canada
country	Perry Lakes Stadium was a multi-purpose stadium adjacent to Perry Lakes in Floreat, Western Australia, Australia.	Perry Lakes Stadium	Australia
country	Transpole is the public transport operator for the Lille Métropole, the metropolitan area surrounding the city of Lille in northern France.	Transpole	France
country	Deh Jani (Persian: ده جاني‎, also Romanized as Deh Jānī and Dejānī) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Deh Jani	Iran
country	The 2012 Veikkausliiga is the eighty-second season of top-tier football in Finland.	2012 Veikkausliiga	Finland
country	Les Charmettes is writer's house museum in a hamlet near the town of Chambéry in the Savoie region of France.	Les Charmettes	France
country	Köl-Suu (Kyrgyz: Көлсуу) is an alpine lake in At-Bashi District of Naryn Province of southeastern Kyrgyzstan.	Köl-Suu	Kyrgyzstan
country	Mowtowr-e Ali (Persian: موتورعلي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e ʿAlī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ali	Iran
country	Yeonsung University, is a college in Manan-gu, Anyang City, Gyeonggi province, South Korea.	Yeonsung University	South Korea
country	Leksand Party (Swedish: Leksandpartiet) a local political party in Leksand, Sweden.	Leksand Party	Sweden
country	Penedès (Catalan pronunciation: (pənəˈðɛs)) is a natural and historical region of the autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Penedès	Spain
country	The Calgary and Edmonton Railway (C&E) was an early pioneer railway in what was then the Northwest Territories, now Alberta, Canada.	Calgary and Edmonton Railway	Canada
country	Lake Minnewanka (pronunciation: /ˌmɪnəˈwɑːŋkə/)(``Water of the Spirits'' in Nakoda) is a glacial lake located in the eastern area of Banff National Park in Canada, about five kilometres (3.1 miles) northeast of the Banff townsite.	Lake Minnewanka	Canada
country	The Bell of Chersonesos in Chersonesos Taurica, Crimea, Russia/Ukraine is the symbol of Chersonesos and one of the main sights of Sevastopol.	Bell of Chersonesos	Ukraine
country	The Catatumbo River (Spanish: Río Catatumbo) is a river rising in northern Colombia, flowing into Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela.	Catatumbo River	Colombia	Venezuela
country	The Oryong mine is one of the largest iron mines in North Korea and in the world.	Oryong mine	North Korea
country	Jurong Hill (Chinese: 裕廊山) is a scenic hill situated in western Singapore off Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim.	Jurong Hill	Singapore
country	Colonia Morelos is a colonia located just south of the historic center of Mexico City in the Cuauhtémoc borough.	Colonia Morelos	Mexico
country	The Hangang Bridge, literally Han River bridge, crosses the Han River in Seoul, South Korea.	Hangang Bridge	South Korea
country	The Hook Lighthouse (Irish: Teach Solais Rinn Duáin; also known as Hook Head Lighthouse) is a building situated at the tip of the Hook Peninsula in County Wexford, in Ireland.	Hook Lighthouse	Ireland
country	Izlake (pronounced (iˈzlaːkɛ); German: Islak) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi in the Central Sava Valley, central Slovenia.	Izlake	Slovenia
country	Biórków Mały (ˈbjurkuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koniusza, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biórków Mały	Poland
country	Dargaz County (Persian: شهرستان درگز‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Dargaz County	Iran
country	The Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park (Malay: Taman Negara Tunku Abdul Rahman) comprises a group of 5 islands located between 3 to 8 km off Kota Kinabalu in Sabah, Malaysia.	Tunku Abdul Rahman National Park	Malaysia
country	The Amstel (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑmstəl)) is a river in the Netherlands which runs through the city of Amsterdam.	Amstel	Netherlands
country	Manghot (Urdu: منگھوٹ‎) is a town which is located in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Manghot	Pakistan
country	The Robec (Old Norse raudh, red and bekkr, stream) is a small river in Seine-Maritime, Normandy, France, right tributary of the Seine.	Robec	France
country	Nairn Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada located on the Green River adjacent to British Columbia Highway 99 and the Canadian National Railway line just south of Pemberton and less than twenty minutes north of the resort town of Whistler.	Nairn Falls Provincial Park	Canada
country	Amar Desh (Bengali: আমার দেশ ``My Country'') is a daily newspaper in Bangladesh, published from Dhaka in the Bengali language since 2004.	Amar Desh	Bangladesh
country	Norwood Oval (currently known as Coopers Stadium due to sponsorship from the Adelaide-based Coopers Brewery) is a suburban oval in the western end of Norwood, an inner eastern suburb of Adelaide, South Australia.	Norwood Oval	Australia
country	Borrisoleigh (Irish: Buiríos Ó Luigheach, meaning ``O'Lea's Borough'') is a village/small town in County Tipperary, Republic of Ireland.	Borrisoleigh	Ireland
country	Kukadi River (alternate spelling: Kukdi) is a river of Maharashtra, India, a tributary of the Ghod River.	Kukadi River	India
country	The Mount Newman railway, owned and operated by BHP Billiton, is a private rail network in the Pilbara region of Western Australia built to carry iron ore.	Mount Newman railway	Australia
country	CaixaForum Barcelona is an art gallery in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	CaixaForum Barcelona	Spain
country	Moča (Hungarian: Dunamocs, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈdunɒmotʃ)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-western Slovakia.	Moča	Slovakia
country	Hacienda San José de Miravalle is a former mezcal-producing hacienda and currently a rural inactive community of the municipality of San Martín de Hidalgo in central Jalisco, Mexico.	Hacienda San José de Miravalle	Mexico
country	The Huriwai River is a short river of New Zealand's North Island.	Huriwai River	New Zealand
country	Wixams forms part of the Mid Bedfordshire constituency, represented in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Parliament.	Wixams	United Kingdom
country	Værøy Heliport (Norwegian: Værøy helikopterhavn; IATA: VRY, ICAO: ENVR) is a heliport located at Tobbisodden on the island and municipality of Værøy, Norway, close to the municipal center of Sørland.	Værøy Heliport	Norway
country	Moe's Newport Restaurant is located in the Westboro area of Ottawa, Canada, at the corner of Churchill and Scott.	Newport Restaurant	Canada
country	Zaranj or Zarang (Persian/Pashto/Balochi: زرنج) is a city in southwestern Afghanistan, near the border with Iran, which has a population of 160,902 people as of 2015.	Zaranj	Afghanistan
country	Dragovič (pronounced (dɾaɡɔˈʋitʃ)) is a village in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Dragovič	Slovenia
country	Talarkowo (talarˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Talarkowo	Poland
country	Suteh Kheyl (Persian: سوته خيل‎, also Romanized as Sūteh Kheyl) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Suteh Kheyl	Iran
country	The Aamjiwnaang First Nation (or also known as Chippewas of Sarnia First Nation) is an Ojibwe First Nation band government in southwestern Ontario, Canada.	Aamjiwnaang First Nation	Canada
country	Vot Tande (IPA: (βɔt.taˈⁿdɛ)) is an uninhabited islet of the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu.	Vot Tande	Vanuatu
country	Montoro Superiore was a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.	Montoro Superiore	Italy
country	The Caturrita Formation is a rock formation found in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Caturrita Formation	Brazil
country	Frenštát pod Radhoštěm (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrɛnʃtaːt ˈpod radɦoʃcɛm); German: Frankstadt unter dem Radhoscht) is a town in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Frenštát pod Radhoštěm	Czech Republic
country	Boguila is a town located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Ouham-Pendé.	Boguila	Central African Republic
country	Võru (Estonian pronunciation: (ˈʋɤru)) (Võro: Võro; German: Werro; Russian: Выру (Viru); Latvian: Veru) is a town and a municipality in south-eastern Estonia.	Võru	Estonia
country	The Lourinhã Formation is a geological formation in western Portugal, named for the municipality of Lourinhã, from which a wide array of fossils comes.	Lourinhã Formation	Portugal
country	Ben M'Sick or Ben Msik (Arabic: بن مسيك‎) is a district of southern Casablanca, in the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Ben M'Sick	Morocco
country	The Korea City Air Terminal in Gangnam district, Seoul, is one of South Korea's Airport terminals.	Korea City Air Terminal	South Korea
country	Rejalu (Persian: رجالو‎, also Romanized as Rejālū) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rejalu	Iran
country	Aşağı Şabalıd (also, Ashaga Shabalyt, Ashagy Shabalyt, and Ashagy-Shabalut) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Aşağı Şabalıd	Azerbaijan
country	Abasha (Georgian: აბაშა) is a town in western Georgia with a population of 6,400 (2002 census).	Abasha	Georgia
country	Sîngerei (also spelled Sângerei) is a city in Moldova and the seat of the administrative region Sîngerei District.	Sîngerei	Moldova
country	Canas de Senhorim is a civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Nelas, in the central sub-region of Dão-Lafões in Portugal.	Canas de Senhorim	Portugal
country	Stadsparksvallen (popularly called Vallen) is a classic sports facility located in Jönköping, Sweden.	Stadsparksvallen	Sweden
country	Čestereg (Serbian Cyrillic: Честерег) is a village in Serbia.	Čestereg	Serbia
country	The Maximilian Museum is a large, public museum housed in a palatial building erected in 1546 in Augsburg, Germany.	Maximilian Museum	Germany
country	Kaoh Andaet District is a district located in Takéo Province, in southern Cambodia.	Kaoh Andaet District	Cambodia
country	The Ottoneum in Kassel, Germany was the first theater building built in Germany and is now a museum of natural history.	Ottoneum	Germany
country	Ca' Tron is a palace in Venice, northern Italy, facing the Canal Grande.	Ca' Tron	Italy
country	Njoeng Jacob Kondre Airstrip (IATA: SMJK), near Njoeng Jacob Kondre, Suriname.	Njoeng Jacob Kondre Airstrip	Suriname
country	Iqalugaarjuup Nunanga Territorial Park (``the land around the river of littles fishes,'' referring to the Arctic grayling that frequent the Meliadine River) is a park located 8--10 km (5.0--6.2 mi) northwest of Rankin Inlet, Nunavut, Canada.	Iqalugaarjuup Nunanga Territorial Park	Canada
country	Fatick is a town in Senegal, located between M'bour and Kaolack and inhabited by the Serer people.	Fatick	Senegal
country	Qaleh Beyg (Persian: قلعه بيگ‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Beyg; also known as Qal``eh Beyk) is a village in Bagh Safa Rural District, Sarchehan District, Bavanat County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 85, in 19 families.	Qaleh Beyg	Iran
country	Apayao River is a river on the island of Luzon in the Apayao Province of the Philippines.	Apayao River	Philippines
country	Podmyszadła (pɔdmɨˈʂadwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Podmyszadła	Poland
country	Yanbian University is one of the key universities of the People's Republic of China, located at Yanji, Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture, Jilin Province.	Yanbian University	People's Republic of China
country	Murrah River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Murrah River	Australia
country	Esfahlan (Persian: اسفهلان‎, also Romanized as Esfahlān) is a village in Lahijan Rural District, Khosrowshahr District, Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Esfahlan	Iran
country	The Blue Diamond Prelude Fillies is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race run under set weight conditions, for two-year-old fillies, over a distance of 1100 metres, held at Caulfield Racecourse in Melbourne, Australia in February.	Blue Diamond Prelude Fillies	Australia
country	Sacred Heart Cathedral, Lahore, Pakistan, was consecrated by Bishop Fabian Eestermans, Bishop of Lahore on 19 November 1907.	Sacred Heart Cathedral, Lahore	Pakistan
country	The Kildare Hotel and Golf Club (abbreviated The K Club) is a golf and leisure complex located at Straffan, County Kildare, Ireland.	K Club	Ireland
country	The Rotuma Group is a group of volcanic islands with Rotuma Island being the main island, located at 12°35′S 177°10′E, approximately 465 km north of Fiji.	Rotuma Group	Fiji
country	Labutta or Latputta is a town in the Ayeyarwady Region of south-west Burma (Myanmar).	Labutta	Myanmar
country	Kafulwe is a fishing village on Lake Mweru in the Luapula Province of Zambia, situated just north of the mouth of the Kalungwishi River, and 3 km west of the Nchelenge-Chiengi road.	Kafulwe	Zambia
country	Ilvar-e Panj Dangeh (Persian: ايلوارپنجدانگه‎, also Romanized as Īlvār-e Panj Dāngeh) is a village in Sadan Rostaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kordkuy County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Ilvar-e Panj Dangeh	Iran
country	Nove Ložine (pronounced (ˈnɔːʋɛ lɔˈʒiːnɛ); German: Neuloschin) is a small settlement northwest of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Nove Ložine	Slovenia
country	Guja (ˈɡuja) (German: Groß Guja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Guja	Poland
country	Ostrobudki (ɔstrɔˈbutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosław, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ostrobudki	Poland
country	The Saint-Francis Hospital (Dutch/Flemish: Sint-Franciscusziekenhuis) is a hospital located in the municipality of Heusden-Zolder in the province of Limburg (Belgium), Flanders, Belgium.	Saint-Francis Hospital	Belgium
country	Senaille is a village in the Saint Louis du Sud municipality of the Aquin Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.	Senaille	Haiti
country	Lerdarabon (Persian: لرداربن‎, also Romanized as Lerdārabon; also known as Lūdarābon) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lerdarabon	Iran
country	Kamień nad Odrą (ˈkamjɛɲ ˌnad ˈɔdrɔ̃) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzyce, within Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the Czech border.	Kamień nad Odrą	Poland
country	The Christianental is a side valley of the Mühlental in the borough of Wernigerode in the Harz Mountains of central Germany.	Christianental	Germany
country	Arystan Bab Mausoleum (Kazakh: АРЫСТАН БАБ МАЗАРЫ) is a mausoleum in Kazakhstan close to the village of Kogam and Otrartobe.	Arystan Bab Mausoleum	Kazakhstan
country	Jayrud (Arabic: جيرود‎; also spelled Jerud or Jayroud; ancient Geroda) is a city in southern Syria, administratively part of the Rif Dimashq Governorate, located northeast of Damascus in the Qalamoun Mountains.	Jayrud	Syria
country	Appany (Russian: Аппаны) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Khatyn-Arinsky Rural Okrug of Namsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Appany	Russia
country	CHEX-DT, VHF analogue and digital channel 12, is a CTV-affiliated television station located in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada.	CHEX-DT	Canada
country	East Carpathians Protected Landscape Area (Slovak: Chránená krajinná oblasť Východné Karpaty) is a protected landscape area in north-eastern Slovakia, in the Prešov Region, in the Carpathian Mountains.	East Carpathians Protected Landscape Area	Slovakia
country	The Solomon Star is a Solomon Islands daily, English language newspaper, launched on May 25, 1982.	Solomon Star	Solomon Islands
country	INTI International University, Laureate International Universities is a private university located in Putra Nilai, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	INTI International University	Malaysia
country	The Clare Valley wine region is one of Australia's oldest wine regions, best known for Riesling wines.	Clare Valley wine region	Australia
country	Bala Jam Rural District (Persian: دهستان بالاجام‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nasrabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bala Jam Rural District	Iran
country	Xallıcalı (also, Khallydzhaly and Khalydzhaly) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xallıcalı	Azerbaijan
country	Wörth am Rhein is a town in the southernmost part of the district of Germersheim, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Wörth am Rhein	Germany
country	Fort-la-Latte or Castle of La Latte is a castle located about 4 km southeast of Cap Fréhel and about 35 km west of Saint-Malo, in the commune of Fréhel, Côtes-d'Armor, Brittany, France.	Fort-la-Latte	France
country	According to the 2012 India census, Kanjikkuzhi had a population of 14,076.	Kanjikkuzhi	India
country	The Kaczawa (German: Katzbach) is a river in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland.	Kaczawa	Poland
country	Majlis Wahdat-e-Muslimeen Pakistan (MWM) (Urdu: مجلس وحدت مسلمین‎) is a organization in Pakistan.	Majlis Wahdat-e-Muslimeen	Pakistan
country	Prasar Bharati (Hindi: प्रसार भारती); is India's largest public broadcasting agency.	Prasar Bharati	India
country	Jallah Arain is a town city of Lodhran District in the South side of the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Jallah Arain	Pakistan
country	Tofanga is an islet which belongs to Uonukuhahake island, Tonga.	Tofanga	Tonga
country	Autrécourt-sur-Aire is a commune in the Meuse department in the Lorraine region in northeastern France.	Autrécourt-sur-Aire	France
country	Cloyes-sur-le-Loir is a commune on the River Loir, a few kilometres south of the town of Châteaudun in the department of Eure-et-Loir in northern France.	Cloyes-sur-le-Loir	France
country	Bystrzanowice (bɨstʂanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bystrzanowice	Poland
country	Cardeña is a municipality in the province of Córdoba, Spain.	Cardeña	Spain
country	Ormberget is the highest mountain in Notgården, Ludvika, Sweden.	Ormberget	Sweden
country	Diakhandara Glacier is a glacier situated on the south slope of the Gissar Range, in the Pamir Mountains of northern Tajikistan, situated at where the Diakhandara River flows into the Karatag River.	Diakhandara Glacier	Tajikistan
country	Kulaku (Persian: كولكو‎, also Romanized as Kūlakū; also known as Kallūkī, Koolookoo, Kor Koh, Kor Kūh, Kūlkūh, Kūlūkū, and Kūlū Kūh) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kulaku	Iran
country	Isaris (Greek: Ίσαρης) is a village and a community in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Isaris	Greece
country	Nahr-e Tolayeb (Persian: نهرطليب‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Tolayeb and Nahr-e Ţalayeb) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Tolayeb	Iran
country	Moqdar (Persian: مقدر‎, also Romanized as Moqaddar; also known as Mūkdār and Nūq Dar) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Moqdar	Iran
country	CKDQ is the only station in Canada which broadcasts on 910 AM, a Regional broadcast frequency.	CKDQ	Canada
country	German submarine U-300 was a Type VIIC/41 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 9 April 1943 by the Bremer Vulkan yard at Bremen-Vegesack as yard number 65.	German submarine U-300	Nazi Germany
country	Masongbon (Masungbo, Musumbu) is a small town and seat of the chiefdom of Makari Gbanti in Bombali District in the Northern Province of Sierra Leone.	Masongbon	Sierra Leone
country	Omandur is a village in Marakkanam onetriyam in Tindivanam taluk in Villupuram district in Tamil Nadu state in India.	Omandur	India
country	Oberes Feldatal is a former Verwaltungsgemeinschaft in the district Wartburgkreis in Thuringia, Germany.	Oberes Feldatal	Germany
country	Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground, located at Tseung Kwan O, Hong Kong, is a multi-purpose sports ground.	Tseung Kwan O Sports Ground	Hong Kong
country	The National Broadband Network (NBN) is a national wholesale-only, open-access data network and is under development in Australia.	National Broadband Network	Australia
country	Beit Elazari (Hebrew: בֵּית אֶלְעָזָרִי, lit. House of Elazari; Arabic: بيت إلعزاري‎) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Elazari	Israel
country	The Rmanj Monastery (Serbian Cyrillic: Манастир Рмањ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery located in Martin Brod, north-western Bosnia and Herzegovina, at the left bank of the Unac River, near its confluence with the Una River.	Rmanj Monastery	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Governador Island (Ilha do Governador, in Portuguese) is the largest island in Guanabara Bay, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Governador Island	Brazil
country	Silvalen (or Herøyholmen) is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Silvalen	Norway
country	Ajker Kagoj (Bengali: আজকের কাগজ ``Today's Paper'') was a daily Bengali language newspaper published in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Ajker Kagoj	Bangladesh
country	Oslo Spektrum is an indoor multi-purpose arena in east central Oslo, Norway.	Oslo Spektrum	Norway
country	The Jane Goodall Institute Chimpanzee Eden, commonly referenced as Chimp Eden is a 1,000 ha (2,500 acres) game reserve and sanctuary for rescued chimpanzees, in the Umhloti Nature Reserve, near Barberton, Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Chimp Eden	South Africa
country	The Alban Hills (Italian Colli Albani) are the site of a quiescent volcanic complex in Italy, located 20 km (12 mi) southeast of Rome and about 24 kilometres (15 mi) north of Anzio.	Alban Hills	Italy
country	Zec Varin is a controlled harvesting zone (French: zone d'exploitation controlée, ZEC) in the unorganized territory of Rivière-aux-Outardes, in Manicouagan Regional County Municipality, Côte-Nord, in Quebec, in Canada.	Zec Varin	Canada
country	The Royal Canadian Mounted Police Foundation provides funding to support the voluntary work of Royal Canadian Mounted Police members who support programs to enhance the lives of Canada's at-risk youth .	Royal Canadian Mounted Police Foundation	Canada
country	Przylesie Dolne (pʂɨˈlɛɕɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przylesie Dolne	Poland
country	Miaoli Station (Chinese: 苗栗車站; pinyin: Miáolì Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Mountain Line).	Miaoli Station	Taiwan
country	The Balu River, located in Bangladesh, is a tributary of the Shitalakshya River.	Balu River	Bangladesh
country	Spercheiada (Greek: Σπερχειάδα) is a town and a former municipality in the western part of Phthiotis, Greece.	Spercheiada	Greece
country	Novi Bezdan (Hungarian: Ujbezdan) is a settlement in the region of Baranja, Croatia.	Novi Bezdan	Croatia
country	Chamchuri Square is a high-rise building complex located in Bangkok, Thailand.	Chamchuri Square	Thailand
country	Obermillstatt is a village and cadastral community in the municipality of Millstatt in Spittal an der Drau District, in Carinthia, Austria.	Obermillstatt	Austria
country	Riol is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, near Trier.	Riol	Germany
country	The Corktown Footbridge (French: Passerelle Corktown), also referred to as the Somerset Street bridge or simply the Somerset Bridge, is a footbridge in Ottawa, Canada built across the Rideau Canal.	Corktown Footbridge	Canada
country	Makara Nedunkuzhaikathar Temple is one of the Nava Tirupathi, nine Hindu temples dedicated to Vishnu located in Tiruchendur-Tirunelveli route, Tamil Nadu, India in the southern bank of Thamiraparani river.	Makara Nedunkuzhaikathar Temple	India
country	Łopianka (wɔˈpjaŋka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łochów, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łopianka	Poland
country	The Oromocto River is a tributary of the Saint John River in southwest New Brunswick, Canada.	Oromocto River	Canada
country	Marlín is a village and municipality located in the province of Ávila, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon, Spain.	Marlín	Spain
country	Tolaga Bay (Māori: Uawa) is both a bay and small town on the East Coast of New Zealand's North Island located 45 kilometres northeast of Gisborne and 30 kilometres south of Tokomaru Bay.	Tolaga Bay	New Zealand
country	Kajmakčalan (Kaimakchalan) or Kaimaki or Kaimaktsalan or Voras (Greek: Καϊμακτσαλάν or Καϊμάκι or Βόρας, Macedonian: Каjмакчалан, Kajmakčalan) is a mountain on the border between Greece and the Republic of Macedonia.	Kajmakčalan	Greece
country	Litwinowy Ług (litfiˈnɔvɨ ˈwuk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Litwinowy Ług	Poland
country	Khaziriat (Persian: خضيريات‎, also Romanized as Khaẕīrīāt, Khazīrīāt, and Khazīrīyāt; also known as Khadairāth, Khafīrīyāt, Khazarīāt, Khaẕrīāt, Kheẕerīāt, Khezeryāt, and Khezīrīyāt) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khaziriat	Iran
country	The Narva Power Plants (Estonian: Narva Elektrijaamad) are a power generation complex in and near Narva in Estonia, near the border with Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Narva Power Plants	Estonia
country	Masafer (Persian: مسافر‎, also Romanized as Masāfer) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Masafer	Iran
country	Namsos Hospital (Norwegian: Sykehuset Namsos) is a local hospital located in Namsos, Norway.	Namsos Hospital	Norway
country	The Canadian Fence Industry Association is a Canadian non-profit trade association, representing Canada's fence industry.	Canadian Fence Industry Association	Canada
country	Oborniki County (Polish: powiat obornicki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Oborniki County	Poland
country	The Queen's Bands, established in 1905, is the largest and oldest current university marching band in Canada.	Queen's Bands	Canada
country	Tzofit (Hebrew: צוֹפִית) is a moshav in central Israel.	Tzofit	Israel
country	Al Haybah is the name of a settlement in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.	Al Haybah	United Arab Emirates
country	Sromów (ˈsrɔmuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kocierzew Południowy, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sromów	Poland
country	Emamzadeh Seyyed Qasem (Persian: امامزاده سيدقاسم‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Seyyed Qāsem) is a village in Darkhoveyn Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Seyyed Qasem	Iran
country	Przeździecko-Grzymki (pʂɛʑˈd͡ʑɛt͡skɔ ˈɡʐɨmki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przeździecko-Grzymki	Poland
country	Lake Tota (Spanish: Lago de Tota), the largest lake in Colombia, located in the east of Boyacá department, inside the Province of Sugamuxi, it is the source of the Upia River which flows into the Orinoco River basin.	Lake Tota	Colombia
country	The Tatacoa Desert is the second largest arid zone in Colombia after the Guajira Peninsula.	Tatacoa Desert	Colombia
country	Iserlohn (German pronunciation: (iːzɐˈloːn)) is a city in the Märkischer Kreis district, in North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.	Iserlohn	Germany
country	Sierra de las Quijadas National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Sierra de las Quijadas) is a national park in Argentina, in San Luis Province.	Sierra de las Quijadas National Park	Argentina
country	The Sisi Chapel was built on the occasion of the marriage of Empress Elisabeth and Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria on April 24, 1854, in Vienna.	Sisi Chapel	Austria
country	Nripendra Narayan Government High School (Bengali: নৃপেন্দ্র নারায়ন সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a secondary school located in Debiganj, Debiganj Upazila, Panchagarh District, Bangladesh.	Nripendra Narayan Government High School	Bangladesh
country	The Great Hypostyle Hall is located within the Karnak temple complex, in the Precinct of Amon-Re. It is one of the most visited monuments of Ancient Egypt.	Great Hypostyle Hall	Egypt
country	Szamotuły (ʂamɔˈtuwɨ) (German: Samter) is a town in Poland, in Greater Poland Voivodeship, about 30 kilometres (19 miles) northwest of Poznań.	Szamotuły	Poland
country	Terazije (Serbian Cyrillic: Теразије, literally Scales, more commonly known as ``water balances'' or ``su terazisi'' in Turkish) is the central square of the capital of Serbia.	Terazije	Serbia
country	Bracondale was a provincial electoral district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bracondale	Canada
country	La Negrillar is a volcanic cone and associated lava flow in Chile.	La Negrillar	Chile
country	The Junín mine is a large copper mine located in the west of Ecuador in Manabí Province.	Junín mine	Ecuador
country	Cittadella is a medieval walled city in the province of Padua, northern Italy, founded in the 13th century as a military outpost of Padua.	Cittadella	Italy
country	Şıxarxı (also, Shikharkhi and Shykharkhi) is a village in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şıxarxı	Azerbaijan
country	The Karlesspitze or Grubspitze is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Karlesspitze	Italy
country	The Coast is a free alternative weekly newspaper in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	The Coast	Canada
country	Velyka Buda (Ukrainian: Велика Буда; Romanian: Buda Mare) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Velyka Buda	Ukraine
country	The Kafue Gorge Upper Power Station is a hydroelectric power plant of the Kafue River in Zambia.	Kafue Gorge Upper Power Station	Zambia
country	Culiacancito is a small town located just outside, and northwest, of the larger city of Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico.	Culiacancito	Mexico
country	Karachi Area Control Center or Karachi ACC is located at Jinnah International Airport, near Karachi and is one of two Air Traffic Control Centers in Pakistan.	Karachi Area Control Center	Pakistan
country	Bukovca (pronounced (ˈbuːkɔu̯tsa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Bukovca	Slovenia
country	Razakeh (Persian: رزكه‎; also known as Razageh) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Razakeh	Iran
country	Nushki District (Urdu: ضلع نوشکی‎) is one of the districts of Balochistan province, Pakistan.	Nushki District	Pakistan
country	Tashdeh (Persian: تاشده‎, also Romanized as Tāshdeh; also known as Tāshteh) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Tashdeh	Iran
country	In August 1945, there had been conferences about the founding of the Evangelical Church in Germany in Treysa.	Treysa	Germany
country	Vankarem (Russian: Ванкарем; Chukchi: Ванкареман) is a village (selo) in Iultinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia, situated on Cape Vankarem on the coast of the Chukchi Sea.	Vankarem	Russia
country	Khuriakhali is a village in Dakhin Khali Union, Sarankhola Upazila of Bagerhat District, on the northeastern edge of the Sundarbans forest in Bangladesh.	Khuriakhali	Bangladesh
country	Edifici Gas Natural, also known as Torre Mare Nostrum, is a skyscraper in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Edifici Gas Natural	Spain
country	Gorenja Pirošica (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnja ˈpiːɾɔʃitsa)) is a settlement above the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Gorenja Pirošica	Slovenia
country	Molk-e Ali (Persian: ملك علي‎, also Romanized as Molk-e ``Alī) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 5 families.	Molk-e Ali	Iran
country	Zavinek (pronounced (zaˈʋiːnək); in older sources also Zavinjak) is a small settlement south of Škocjan in the traditional region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Zavinek	Slovenia
country	Pajamäki (Swedish: Smedjebacka) is a neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Pajamäki	Finland
country	The Route nationale 9, or RN 9, was a trunk road (nationale) in France between Moulins and the frontier with Spain.	Route nationale 9	France
country	The Kalaram Temple is an old Hindu shrine dedicated to Rama in the Panchavati area of Nashik city in Maharashtra, India.	Kalaram Temple	India
country	Acireale (ˌatʃireˈaːle) (Sicilian: Jaciriali; locally shortened to Jaci or Aci) is a coastal city and commune in the north-east of the province of Catania, Sicily, Italy, at the foot of Mount Etna, on the coast facing the Ionian Sea.	Acireale	Italy
country	The Herald and Weekly Times Limited (HWT) is a newspaper publishing company based in Melbourne, Australia.	The Herald and Weekly Times	Australia
country	Tang Talkh-e Yek (Persian: تنگ تلخ يك‎; also known as Tang-e Talkh) is a village in Abolfares Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tang Talkh-e Yek	Iran
country	Augsburg Zoo is a zoo located in the city of Augsburg in Bavaria, Germany, and with over 600,000 visitors annually, the zoo belongs to the 20 largest Zoos in Germany.	Augsburg Zoo	Germany
country	Souanké Airport (IATA: SOE, ICAO: FCOS) is an airport serving the city of Souanké, Republic of the Congo.	Souanké Airport	Republic of the Congo
country	Singrauli district is one of the districts in the India state of Madhya Pradesh.	Singrauli district	India
country	Point Bell Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west of South Australia on the coastline of the Great Australian Bight adjoining the headland of Point Bell about 52 kilometres (32 mi) west of the town of Ceduna.	Point Bell Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Anjuman Pass (Persian: كتل انجمن ‎ Kotal-e Anjoman) (also written Anjoman Pass) (4,430 m) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan.	Anjuman Pass	Afghanistan
country	The Bielsko-Biała Power Plant is a complex of coal-fired combined heat and power plants at Czechowice-Dziedzice near Bielsko-Biała, Poland.	Bielsko-Biała Power Plant	Poland
country	Javoni (Persian: جاوني‎, also Romanized as Jāvonī and Jāvanī) is a village in Bandar Charak Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Javoni	Iran
country	On 2 June 1950 the Pomeranian provincial synod adopted the prepared new church order and thus established the Pomeranian Evangelical Church, territorially comprising those parts of the former ecclesiastical province located in then East Germany (German Democratic Republic, GDR).	Pomeranian Evangelical Church	East Germany
country	Fatezh (Russian: Фате́ж) is a town and the administrative center of Fatezhsky District in Kursk Oblast, Russia, located on the Usozha River 45 kilometers (28 mi) north of Kursk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Fatezh	Russia
country	Bijeljina (Cyrillic: Бијељина; pronounced (bijêːʎina)) is a city and municipality in northeastern Republika Srpska, which is one of two entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bijeljina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Madeirinha River is a river of Amazonas and Mato Grosso states in north-western Brazil.	Madeirinha River	Brazil
country	Ivindo National Park is a national park in east-central Gabon in Central Africa, straddling the border of the Ogooué-Ivindo and Ogooué-Lolo provences.	Ivindo National Park	Gabon
country	Edamaruk is a place in Udumbannoor Panchayath in Thodupuzha Taluk of Idukki District, Kerala, India.	Edamaruk	India
country	Korsvika is a small residential area of in the Lade neighborhood of Trondheim, Norway.	Korsvika	Norway
country	The Tirana Circus (Albanian: Cirku i Tiranës) is a circus in Albania founded in 1952 and still fully active.	Tirana Circus	Albania
country	Pol-e Now (Persian: پل نو‎) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Pol-e Now	Iran
country	The Varvara reservoir (Azerbaijani: Varvara su anbarı) is a reservoir near Mingachevir, Azerbaijan.	Varvara reservoir	Azerbaijan
country	The International Community School of Addis Ababa (ICS Addis, Amharic: ኢንተርናሽናል ኮምዩኒቲ ትምህርት ቤት?), founded in 1964, is an independent, co-educational day school that teaches students of all nationalities in early childhood through grade 12 and is located in Addis Ababa, the capital city of Ethiopia.	International Community School of Addis Ababa	Ethiopia
country	Pınarbaşı Gölü is an archaeological site in Turkey containing object from the Epipaleolithic period.	Pınarbaşı Gölü	Turkey
country	Muzaffarabad (Urdu: مُظفَّرآباد‎; Pahari, Potwari: مُظفٌر آباد) is the capital of Azad Jammu and Kashmir, Pakistan.	Muzaffarabad	Pakistan
country	Ščurki (in older sources also Ščurke, German: Schurke) is a small settlement west of Turjak in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Ščurki	Slovenia
country	Międzychód (mʲɛnˈd͡zɨxut) (German: Birnbaum) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, the administrative seat of Międzychód County.	Międzychód	Poland
country	The Northern Districts cricket team (nicknamed the Northern Knights) are one of six New Zealand first class cricket teams that make up New Zealand Cricket.	Northern Districts cricket team	New Zealand
country	Bukovnica (Hungarian: Bakónak, Prekmurje Slovene: Bükovnica) is a village northeast of Bogojina in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Bukovnica	Slovenia
country	The Ultra Architecture Museum is an architectural museum in Seoul, South Korea.	Ultra Architecture Museum	South Korea
country	Begishevo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Бегишево, Tatar: ``Begişevo'' Xalıqara Aeroportı) (IATA: NBC, ICAO: UWKE) is an airport in Tatarstan, Russia located 19 km east of Nizhnekamsk.	Begishevo Airport	Russia
country	Orikhiv (Ukrainian: Оріхів) is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast, Ukraine.	Orikhiv	Ukraine
country	Chernokozovo (Russian: Чернокозово) is a rural locality (a selo) in Naursky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located north of the Terek River.	Chernokozovo	Russia
country	El Amria is a town in the Aïn Témouchent province in northwestern Algeria.	El Amria	Algeria
country	Jilib (other names: Gilib, Gelib, Jillib, Jillio; Arabic: جلب‎) is a town in Somalia, with an estimated population of approximately 45,000.	Jilib	Somalia
country	Eslavi (Persian: اسلاوي‎, also Romanized as Eslāvī; also known as Eslāvīyeh) is a village in Bakhtegan Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Eslavi	Iran
country	Volochanka (Russian: Волочанка) is a rural locality (a settlement) under the administrative jurisdiction of the district town of Dudinka in Taymyrsky Dolgano-Nenetsky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Volochanka	Russia
country	Jõhvi (German: Jewe, Russian: Йыхви) is a town in north-eastern Estonia, and the capital of Ida-Viru County.	Jõhvi	Estonia
country	On 30 March 1917 the name ``Cheslatta Lake'' was adopted in the 15th Report of the Geographic Board of Canada based on the label on Jorgensen's 1895 map of BC, and as labelled on pre-emptor map 1G, 1916.	Cheslatta Lake	Canada
country	Mirza Nabi (Persian: ميرزانبي‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Nabī; also known as Deh-e Mīrzā Nabī) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mirza Nabi	Iran
country	Serranía del Aguaragüe is the easternmost range of Bolivia's Cordillera Oriental.	Serranía del Aguaragüe	Bolivia
country	Emamzadeh Zualfaqar (Persian: امامزاده ذوالفقار‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Ẕūālfaqār and Emāmzādeh Ẕolfaqār) is a village in Hoseynabad-e Kordehha Rural District, in the Central District of Aradan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Zualfaqar	Iran
country	Geumsansa (literally ``Golden Mountain Temple'') is a temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism standing on the slopes of Moaksan in Gimje City, Jeollabuk-do, South Korea.	Geumsansa	South Korea
country	Manawatu College is a state secondary co-educational high school in Foxton, New Zealand.	Manawatu College	New Zealand
country	Qeshlaq-e Owzbak (Persian: قشلاق اوزبك‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Owzbak; also known as Ozbak and Qeshlāq-e Ozbak) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Owzbak	Iran
country	The Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux is a canton situated in the Seine-Maritime département and in the Normandy region of northern France.	Canton of Saint-Valery-en-Caux	France
country	The Transmission Gully Motorway is a 26 km four-lane motorway proposed for Wellington, New Zealand.	Transmission Gully Motorway	New Zealand
country	Geiranger is a small tourist village in Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county in the western part of Norway.	Geiranger	Norway
country	Miechów (ˈmʲɛxuf) is a town in Poland, in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, about 40 kilometres (25 miles) north of Kraków.	Miechów	Poland
country	Jermenovci (Serbian: Jermenovci or Јермeновци; Hungarian: Ürményháza; German: Ürmenhausen) is a village located in the Plandište municipality, in the South Banat District of Serbia.	Jermenovci	Serbia
country	The Kalasha Valleys (Kalasha-mondr: Kaĺaśa Desh) are valleys in Chitral District in northern Pakistan.	Kalasha Valleys	Pakistan
country	Nowodzielnik (nɔvɔˈd͡ʑelnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowodzielnik	Poland
country	The La Parrilla mine is a large mine located in the north-western part of Spain in Province of Valladolid.	La Parrilla mine	Spain
country	Khoriun (Persian: خريون‎, also Romanized as Khorīūn) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khoriun	Iran
country	Kars (Armenian: Կարս or Ղարս Ghars, Georgian: ყარსი Karsi) is a city in northeast Turkey and the capital of Kars Province.	Kars	Turkey
country	Bivels (Luxembourgish: Biwels) is a little village in the commune of Putscheid in north-eastern Luxembourg.	Bivels	Luxembourg
country	Chimgan or Chimgon (Uzbek: Chimgon; Kazakh: Шымған; Russian: Чимган) is a ski resort located in a mountain range named Tian Shan, near Chirchiq, Uzbekistan.	Chimgan	Uzbekistan
country	Shah Bahrami (Persian: شاه بهرامي‎, also Romanized as Shāh Bahrāmī; also known as Shāh Bahrām) is a village in Kavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shah Bahrami	Iran
country	Hesperange (Luxembourgish: Hesper, German: Hesperingen) is a commune and town in southern Luxembourg.	Hesperange	Luxembourg
country	Khaduly or Khaduli is a village in Ullahpara Upazila, Sirajgonj District, Bangladesh.	Khaduly	Bangladesh
country	Río de Agua de Vida Airstrip (IATA: N/A) is a private dirt airstrip located 4 km South West of La Purísima, Municipality of Comondú, Baja California Sur, Mexico.	Río de Agua de Vida Airstrip	Mexico
country	The Amselgrund (``Amsel Bottom'') is the name given to the valley of the Grünbach stream in the heart of Saxon Switzerland in Eastern Germany.	Amselgrund	Germany
country	Teos Marina is a marina with a capacity of 480 boats at sea, 80 boats on land and 30 that can be moored at channel docks in Seferihisar, İzmir, Turkey.	Teos Marina	Turkey
country	Dunmore railway station was located on the South Coast railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Dunmore railway station	Australia
country	Cieszyn (ˈt͡ɕɛʂɨn) (Czech: Těšín, German: Teschen, Yiddish: טעשין‎) is a border-town in southern Poland on the east bank of the Olza River, and the administrative seat of Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship.	Cieszyn	Poland
country	Sanam Luang (Thai: สนามหลวง, lit: Royal Turf) is an open field and public square in front of Wat Phra Kaew and the Grand Palace, Bangkok, Thailand.	Sanam Luang	Thailand
country	The best result Grey Power ever achieved was at the 1994 Taylor state by-election in South Australia.	Grey Power	Australia
country	Kodreti (pronounced (kɔˈdɾeːti)) is a small village southwest of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Kodreti	Slovenia
country	Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes (Norwegian: Harstad/Narvik lufthavn, Evenes; IATA: EVE, ICAO: ENEV) is an international airport located in Evenes, Norway, serving the towns of Harstad and Narvik.	Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes	Norway
country	Seeadler Harbor, also known as Port Seeadler, is located on Manus Island, Admiralty Islands, Papua New Guinea and played an important role in World War II. In German, ``Seeadler'' means sea eagle, pointing to German colonial activity between 1884 and 1919 in that area.	Seeadler Harbor	Papua New Guinea
country	Yaremche (Ukrainian: Яремчe, Polish: Jaremcze or Jaremcza) is a city in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province) of west Ukraine.	Yaremche	Ukraine
country	Uśniaki (uɕˈɲaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Uśniaki	Poland
country	The Bhatner fort is at Hanumangarh in Rajasthan, India, about 419 km northwest of Jaipur along the old Multan-Delhi route and 230 km north-east of Bikaner.	Bhatner fort	India
country	Sokal (Ukrainian: Сокаль, translit. Sokal'') is a city located on the banks of the Bug River in Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Sokal	Ukraine
country	The Costa Brava (Catalan: (ˈkɔstə ˈβɾaβə), Spanish: (ˈkosta ˈβɾaβa); ``Wild'' or ``Rough Coast'') is a coastal region of northeastern Spain, consisting of Alt Empordà, Baix Empordà and Selva, in the province of Girona.	Costa Brava	Spain
country	Cavergno is a village in the district of Vallemaggia, in the canton of Ticino, Switzerland.	Cavergno	Switzerland
country	State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs (SAFEA, Simplified Chinese: 国家外国专家局 Pinyin:Guójiā Wàiguó Zhuānjiā Jú) is an administrative agency of the State Council of the People's Republic of China responsible for certifying foreign experts to provide expertise in mainland China.	State Administration of Foreign Experts Affairs	People's Republic of China
country	Dundo Airport (IATA: DUE, ICAO: FNDU) is an airport serving Dundo, a town in the Lunda Norte Province in Angola.	Dundo Airport	Angola
country	The Sizun Parish close (Enclos paroissial) is located at Sizun in the arrondissement of Morlaix in Brittany in north-western France.	Sizun Parish close	France
country	Steinbrunn-le-Bas (German: Niedersteinbrunn) is a French commune in the urban area of Mulhouse located in north-eastern France.	Steinbrunn-le-Bas	France
country	The Vuache is a range of hills in eastern France, close to the border with Switzerland (the nearest city is in fact Geneva).	Vuache	France
country	Paysandú is the capital of Paysandú Department in western Uruguay.	Paysandú	Uruguay
country	The Changsheng Power Plant or Ever Power Power Plant (Chinese: 長生發電廠; pinyin: Chángshēng Fādiànchǎng) is a gas-fired power plant in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Changsheng Power Plant	Taiwan
country	Velestovo (Macedonian: Велестово) is a village situated on the slopes of Galičica Mountain in Ohrid Municipality, Macedonia.	Velestovo	Macedonia
country	The Siege of Olomouc took place in 1758 when a Prussian army led by Frederick the Great besieged the Austrian city of Olmütz (now Olomouc, Czech Republic) during the Prussian invasion of Moravia in the Seven Years' War.	Siege of Olomouc	Czech Republic
country	Sadh Belo (Sindhi: ساڌ ٻلو‎), or Sat, is an island in the Indus River near Sukkur, Sindh, Pakistan.	Sadh Belo	Pakistan
country	Beroun District (Okres Beroun in Czech) is a district (okres) within Central Bohemian Region (Středočeský kraj) of the Czech Republic.	Beroun District	Czech Republic
country	The School for Islamic Youth (Madrasat al-Shabiba’l-Islamiyya), known as the Shabiba school, was one of the first and best-known progressive Islamic schools in Algeria.	School for Islamic Youth	Algeria
country	Villeta is a city of Paraguay in the Central Department, on the banks of Paraguay River.	Villeta	Paraguay
country	The Arcus Argentariorum (Latin, ``Arch of the money-changers'', in Italian Arco degli Argentari), is an arch that was partly incorporated in the 7th century into the western wall of the nearby church of San Giorgio al Velabro in Rome, Italy.	Arcus Argentariorum	Italy
country	The Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund (abbreviated RMV) is the transport network of the Frankfurt Metropolitan Area in Germany.	Rhein-Main-Verkehrsverbund	Germany
country	Amtsgericht Meiningen is the District Court of Meiningen and one of 23 district courts in Thuringia, Germany.	Amtsgericht Meiningen	Germany
country	Gif-sur-Yvette is a commune in the south-western suburbs of Paris, France.	Gif-sur-Yvette	France
country	Ballinascarty (Irish: Béal na Scairte), also known as Ballinascarthy, is a village in West Cork, Ireland.	Ballinascarty	Ireland
country	Shenaneh-ye Do (Persian: شنانه دو‎, also Romanized as Shenāneh-e Do; also known as Shenāneh) is a village in Hoveyzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shenaneh-ye Do	Iran
country	Manoir du Chatenet is a manor house in Dordogne, Aquitaine, France.	Manoir du Chatenet	France
country	Nurai-ye Now (Persian: نورائي نو‎, also Romanized as Nūrā’ī-ye Now; also known as Nīrā’ī, Nīrā’ī-ye Bālā, and Nūrā’ī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Nurai-ye Now	Iran
country	Jatapu River is a medium-size left tributary of the Amazon River in central eastern portion of state of Amazonas in north-western Brazil.	Jatapu River	Brazil
country	Les Iffs (Breton: An Ivineg) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in north-western France.	Les Iffs	France
country	Corozal Junior College is a college in Belize.	Corozal Junior College	Belize
country	Shahrak-e Mahdiyeh (Persian: شهرک مهديه‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Mahdīyeh) is a village in Kenareh Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Mahdiyeh	Iran
country	Ongpangkong is the largest mountain range in Mokokchung District in India.	Ongpangkong	India
country	Orca Airways is a scheduled and charter airline based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Orca Airways	Canada
country	Plichta (ˈplixta) (German: Plichten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łukta, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Plichta	Poland
country	Nowe Chrusty (ˈnɔvɛ ˈxrustɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokiciny, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowe Chrusty	Poland
country	Shih Hsin University (SHU; Chinese: 世新大學) founded in Beiping in 1932, is a private university in Wenshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Shih Hsin University	Taiwan
country	The Musée schaerbeekois de la bière (English: Schaerbeek Museum of Beer) in the commune of Schaerbeek, Brussels, Belgium is a museum dedicated to Belgian beers.	Musée schaerbeekois de la bière	Belgium
country	The Ankasar mine is a large copper mine located in the south-east of Armenia in Syunik Province.	Ankasar mine	Armenia
country	Plavsk (Russian: Плавск) is a town and the administrative center of Plavsky District in Tula Oblast, Russia, located on the Plava River.	Plavsk	Russia
country	Dévaványa () is a town in northern Békés county, in the Southern Great Plain region of south-east Hungary.	Dévaványa	Hungary
country	The Gallitzinberg (449 m) is a forested hill in the West of Austria's capital, Vienna.	Gallitzinberg	Austria
country	The Chinde River is a distributary of the Zambezi river delta in Mozambique.	Chinde River	Mozambique
country	Thy National Park is a National Park area in Thy, Denmark, opened to the public on 22 August 2008.	Thy National Park	Denmark
country	The St. Francis Shangri-La Place, also known as The St. Francis Towers 1 & 2 are twin-tower residential condominium skyscrapers in Mandaluyong, Philippines.	The St. Francis Shangri-La Place	Philippines
country	The Dagens Nyheter Tower, called DN-Skrapan (DN-Skyscraper) in Sweden, is an office building in the Kungsholmen district of Stockholm, Sweden.	Dagens Nyheter Tower	Sweden
country	Shimsha is a river that flows in the state of Karnataka, India.	Shimsha	India
country	Cebu Strait (Tagalog:Kipot ng Cebú; also Bohol Strait) is a strait in the Central Visayas region in the Philippines.	Cebu Strait	Philippines
country	The Muur van Geraardsbergen (English: Wall of Geraardsbergen/Grammont, French: Mur de Grammont) is a steep narrow road with cobblestones in Geraardsbergen, Belgium.	Muur van Geraardsbergen	Belgium
country	RJV Gas Field Services has been serving the needs of western Canada's oil and gas industry since 1976.	RJV Gas Field Services	Canada
country	Chañaral is a small coastal city and commune in the Atacama Region, Chile and capital of the Chañaral Province.	Chañaral	Chile
country	CHQT is currently ranked #15 in the Edmonton market according to the Fall 2011 PPM data report released by BBM Canada.	CHQT	Canada
country	The Petone Workshops were a government-owned railways maintenance and repair facility located in Petone, in Lower Hutt in the Wellington region of New Zealand's North Island.	Petone Workshops	New Zealand
country	Najasa (Spanish pronunciation: (naˈxasa)) is a municipality and town in the Camagüey Province of Cuba.	Najasa	Cuba
country	Gelila Zakarias is an island in the northwestern part of Lake Tana in Ethiopia.	Gelila Zakarias	Ethiopia
country	Mount Penanggungan is a small stratovolcano, located immediately on the north side of Arjuno-Welirang volcanic complex in East Java province, Java island, Indonesia.	Mount Penanggungan	Indonesia
country	Chwiły (ˈxfiwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Chwiły	Poland
country	The Berbak National Park in Sumatra island, Jambi province of Indonesia, forms part of the largest undisturbed swamp forest in southeastern Asia, and the peat swamp forest with the greatest number of palm species.	Berbak National Park	Indonesia
country	The 2013 European Judo Championships were the 24th edition of the European Judo Championships, organised by the European Judo Union, and were held in Budapest, Hungary from April 25 to April 28, 2013.	2013 European Judo Championships	Hungary
country	Holy Myrrhbearers Cathedral (Russian: Кафедральный Собор Святых Жён-Мироносиц; Azeri: Müqəddəs Mürdaşıyan Zənənlər Başkilsəsi) is a Russian Orthodox cathedral in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Holy Myrrhbearers Cathedral	Azerbaijan
country	Dulce Nombre de María is a town and municipality in the Chalatenango Department of El Salvador.	Dulce Nombre de María	El Salvador
country	Bifanaj (Persian: بيفانج‎, also Romanized as Bīfānaj; also known as Pīfānach, Pīfānaj, Pī Fīān, and Pifianeh) is a village in Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bifanaj	Iran
country	The Christchurch tramway system is an extensive network in Christchurch, New Zealand, with steam and horse trams from 1882.	Christchurch tramway system	New Zealand
country	The SAWA Defence Training Center is a military academy in the Gash-Barka region of Eritrea.	SAWA Defence Training Center	Eritrea
country	Hir Shahabad (Persian: هيرشاه اباد‎, also Romanized as Hīr Shāhābād) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hir Shahabad	Iran
country	Adzyubzha (Georgian: აძიუბჟა; Abkhaz: Аӡҩыбжьа; Russian: Адзю́бжа) is a rural settlement in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia, Georgia's breakaway republic.	Adzyubzha	Georgia
country	Darbelund (Persian: دربلوند‎, also Romanized as Darbelūnd and Darb-e Lūn) is a village in Doreh Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darbelund	Iran
country	Castiglion Fiorentino (Italian pronunciation: (kastiʎˈʎom fjorenˈtiːno)) is a small, walled city in eastern Tuscany, Italy, in the province of Arezzo, between the cities of Arezzo and Cortona.	Castiglion Fiorentino	Italy
country	Gunpo-dong (Hangul: 군포동; hanja: 軍浦洞) is neighbourhood of Gunpo, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea.	Gunpo-dong	South Korea
country	MS Color Viking is a ferry owned by the Norway-based Color Line, operated on their service between Sandefjord and Strömstad.	MS Color Viking	Norway
country	Brzeźnicka Węgorza (bʐɛʑˈɲitska vɛŋˈɡɔʐa) is a river in gmina Węgorzyno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Brzeźnicka Węgorza	Poland
country	Distelsee is a high alpine lake in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Distelsee	Switzerland
country	Marić Međine (Serbian Cyrillic: Марић Међине) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Marić Međine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Sacred Way (Ancient Greek: Ἱερὰ Ὁδός, Hierá Hodós), in ancient Greece, was the road from Athens to Eleusis.	Sacred Way	Greece
country	Falknowo (falkˈnɔvɔ) (German: Groß Falkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Susz, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Falknowo	Poland
country	We the South (Italian: Noi Sud, NS), whose complete name is Freedom and Autonomy - We the South (Italian: Libertà e Autonomia - Noi Sud), is a regionalist-centrist political party in Italy based in the Campania but seeking to represent the whole South.	We the South	Italy
country	The Riga Radio and TV Tower (Latvian: Rīgas radio un televīzijas tornis) in Riga, Latvia is the tallest structure in the European Union.	Riga Radio and TV Tower	Latvia
country	Instituto Nacional Mejía is a public secondary educational institution in Quito, the capital of Ecuador.	Instituto Nacional Mejía	Ecuador
country	Ritiševo (Serbian Cyrillic: Ритишево, Romanian: Râtișor) is a village in Serbia.	Ritiševo	Serbia
country	Montego Bay railway station opened in 1894 and closed in 1992 when all passenger services in Jamaica abruptly ceased.	Montego Bay railway station	Jamaica
country	Church Cross railway station was on the Schull and Skibbereen Railway in County Cork, Ireland.	Church Cross railway station	Ireland
country	Anzar (Persian: انذر‎, also Romanized as Anz̄ar and Anzer) is a village in Chavarzaq Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Anzar	Iran
country	Uwada Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 500 m (1,640 ft) downstream of Kaneyama in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan.	Uwada Dam	Japan
country	Almirante Padilla Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Almirante Padilla) (IATA: RCH, ICAO: SKRH) is an airport located near Riohacha, a city in the Guajira Department of Colombia.	Almirante Padilla Airport	Colombia
country	The Cordillera de la Costa Central is a range of the Venezuelan Coastal Ranges System (Cordillera de la Costa), in northern Venezuela.	Cordillera de la Costa Central	Venezuela
country	Haqiqat-e Inquilab-e Saur (Persian: حقيقت انقلاب ثور‎‎, 'Truth of the Saur Revolution') was a daily newspaper in Afghanistan.	Haqiqat-e Inquilab-e Saur	Afghanistan
country	Panales Jamaica (Also known as Cañones) is a small town in the Tarimoro Municipality of Guanajuato, Mexico.	Panales Jamaica	Mexico
country	Pietermaritzburg railway station is the main railway station in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa.	Pietermaritzburg railway station	South Africa
country	Clarks Beach is a small town of Auckland, New Zealand.	Clarks Beach	New Zealand
country	The University of Agder (Norwegian: Universitetet i Agder), formerly known as Agder College and Agder University College, is a public university with campuses in Kristiansand and Grimstad, Norway.	University of Agder	Norway
country	The Wadi Mejenin Dam is an embankment dam located on Wadi Mejenin, 64 km (40 mi) south of Tripoli in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya.	Wadi Mejenin Dam	Libya
country	Grasse produces over two-thirds of France's natural aromas (for perfume and for food flavourings).	Grasse	France
country	The Anabar River (Russian: Анабар) is a river in Sakha, Russia, located just west of the Lena River.	Anabar River	Russia
country	Villa Settefinestre lies between Capalbio and Orbetello in Tuscany, Italy, and is the site of a late Republican Roman slave-run villa owned by the senatorial family of the Volusii, built in the 1st century BC and enlarged in the 1st century AD with a large cryptoportico.	Settefinestre	Italy
country	The Actopan River is a river of Mexico that reaches the Gulf of Mexico in the state of Veracruz.	Actopan River	Mexico
country	Genesee Generating Station is a coal fired station owned by Capital Power Corporation, located near Genesee, Alberta, Canada; 60 minutes southwest of Edmonton, Alberta.	Genesee Generating Station	Canada
country	Tunuyán is a city in the west of the province of Mendoza, Argentina, located on the western shore of the Tunuyán River, 80 km (50 mi) south from the provincial capital Mendoza and 100 km (62 mi) east of the Chilean border.	Tunuyán	Argentina
country	Brenna Chapel (Norwegian: Brenna kapell) is a chapel in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Brenna Chapel	Norway
country	Offener Kanal Essen (Open Channel Essen) is a public television station based in Zeche Carl, Essen, Germany.	Offener Kanal Essen	Germany
country	Mrigadayavan Palace (Thai: พระราชนิเวศน์มฤคทายวัน, rtgs: Maruekkhathayawan) is a former royal residence and tourist attraction in Cha Am, Phetchaburi Province, Thailand.	Mrigadayavan Palace	Thailand
country	Mowtowr-e Hajji Anur (Persian: موتورحاجي انور‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Ḩājjī Ānūr) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Hajji Anur	Iran
country	Puthenchantha is a market in Trivandrum, Kerala, India.	Puthenchantha	India
country	Makhun Wan (Thai: มะขุนหวาน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of San Pa Tong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Makhun Wan	Thailand
country	Pennepalli is a small village in Nayudupet Mandal (Gudur Taluk) of Nellore District in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Pennepalli	India
country	Bumthang Province (Dzongkha: བུམ་ཐང་; Wylie: bum-thang) was one of the nine historical Provinces of Bhutan.	Bumthang Province	Bhutan
country	Zahreh (Persian: زهره‎; also Romanized as Zohreh) is a city in and the capital of Cham Khalaf-e Isa District, in Hendijan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zahreh	Iran
country	Akaneh (Persian: اكنه‎) is a village in Eshkevar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Akaneh	Iran
country	Jiayu County (simplified Chinese: 嘉鱼县; traditional Chinese: 嘉魚縣; pinyin: Jiāyú Xiàn) is a county of southeastern Hubei province, People's Republic of China, located on the southeast (right) bank of the Yangtze River.	Jiayu County	People's Republic of China
country	Kameraseura (Finnish for ``camera society'') is the largest organisation for photography in Finland.	Kameraseura	Finland
country	Simonds Farsons Cisk plc is a group of companies on the island of Malta engaged in the brewing, production and sale and distribution of beers and other beverages, the importation, wholesale and retail of food and beverages including wines and spirits, the operation of franchised food retailing establishments and property development.	Simonds Farsons Cisk	Malta
country	Vosstaniya Square (Russian: Пло́щадь Восста́ния, lit. Uprising Square) is a major square in the Central Business District of Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Vosstaniya Square	Russia
country	Gulang County (Chinese: 古浪县; pinyin: Gǔlàng Xiàn) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Gulang County	People's Republic of China
country	Anogeio (Greek: Ανώγειο, ``High-land'') is a village and a former municipality in the Preveza regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Anogeio	Greece
country	Godamdar (Persian: گدامدر‎, also Romanized as Godāmdar and Gadāmdar; also known as Qadamdī) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Godamdar	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Chortaqlu (Persian: قشلاق چرتقلو‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Chortaqlū) is a village in Angut-e Sharqi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Chortaqlu	Iran
country	Kovdor (Russian: Ковдор) is a town and the administrative center of Kovdorsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, mostly known for its mining industry.	Kovdor	Russia
country	The Château de Dampierre is the castle in Dampierre-en-Yvelines, in the Vallée de Chevreuse, France.	Château de Dampierre	France
country	Lort River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region and the Eastern Mallee sub-region of Western Australia.	Lort River	Australia
country	Oberschönenfeld Abbey (Kloster Oberschönenfeld) is a Cistercian nunnery in Gessertshausen in Bavaria, Germany.	Oberschönenfeld Abbey	Germany
country	Adalpur is a village in Hajipur block Vaishali district, Bihar, India.	Adalpur	India
country	Recorded temperatures are a maximum of 35 °C, a minimum of 9 °C and an average of 22 °C. It is home to and named after the Basilica of the National Shrine of Our Lady of Aparecida, the patron saint of Brazil, declared so by Pope Pius XI in 1929.	Aparecida	Brazil
country	Elviria is an urbanization on the Costa del Sol, 6 km (4 mi) from the old town of Marbella, Spain, Andalucia.	Elviria	Spain
country	Olympiahalle is a multi-purpose arena located in Munich, Germany, part of Olympiapark.	Olympiahalle	Germany
country	Eekhout Abbey (Dutch: Eekhoutabdij) was a medieval house of Augustinian Canons in Bruges, West Flanders, Belgium.	Eekhout Abbey	Belgium
country	Bhagwan Mahaveer Sanctuary and Mollem National Park is a 240 square kilometres (93 sq mi) protected area located in the Western Ghats of South India, in Sanguem taluk, Goa along the eastern border with Karnataka.	Bhagwan Mahaveer Sanctuary and Mollem National Park	India
country	Nonneseter Abbey, Oslo (Nonneseter kloster i Oslo) was a Benedictine nunnery located in Oslo, Norway.	Nonneseter Abbey, Oslo	Norway
country	Hacıələkbərli (also, Gadzhyalekperli) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıələkbərli	Azerbaijan
country	Mewang Gewog (Dzongkha: སྨད་ཝང་) is a gewog (village block) of Thimphu District, Bhutan.	Mewang Gewog	Bhutan
country	Ząbkowice Śląskie (zɔmpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɕlɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Frankenstein in Schlesien) is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.	Ząbkowice Śląskie	Poland
country	Ebrahimeh (Persian: ابراهيمه‎, also Romanized as Ebrāhīmeh) is a village in Mokriyan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ebrahimeh	Iran
country	Gettorf (Danish: Gettorp) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Gettorf	Germany
country	Foreign members will generally be admitted as honorary members of the Royal Victorian Order when the Queen is making a state visit to the individual's country or a head of state is paying a state visit to the United Kingdom.	Royal Victorian Order	United Kingdom
country	Stora Drammen is the westernmost point of Sweden.	Stora Drammen	Sweden
country	Vellingshøj station is a railway station serving the district of Højene in the northern part of the town of Hjørring, Denmark.	Vellingshøj station	Denmark
country	The Victorian College for the Deaf (VCD), located on St Kilda Road in Melbourne, Australia, is Victoria's oldest deaf school, opening in 1860.	Victorian College for the Deaf	Australia
country	The Muxklippe is a granite rock formation in the Harz National Park in Germany.	Muxklippe	Germany
country	Cicia Airport (IATA: ICI, ICAO: NFCI) is an airport serving Cicia, one of the Lau Islands in the Eastern Division of Fiji.	Cicia Airport	Fiji
country	Los Barrios is a small town and municipality in the south of Spain.	Los Barrios	Spain
country	Woodland Caribou Provincial Park is a provincial park in northwestern Ontario, Canada, west of Red Lake.	Woodland Caribou Provincial Park	Canada
country	Hazro Tehsil is one of the six tehsils (subdivisions) of Attock District in the Punjab province of Pakistan, it is a newly created tehsil and forms parts of the NA-57 constituency of Attock .	Hazro Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Machu Q'inti (Quechua machu old, old person, q'inti hummingbird, Q'inti a place nearby, ``old Q'inti'', hispanicized spelling Machuquente, also Machu Q'ente) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Machu Q'inti	Peru
country	Dajia Station (Chinese: 大甲車站; pinyin: Dàjiǎ Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Dajia District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Dajia Station	Taiwan
country	Panchchuli Glacier is a Himalayan glacier, situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand, India.	Panchchuli Glacier	India
country	Pedaya (Hebrew: פְּדָיָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Pedaya	Israel
country	The Crown Estate is a collection of lands and holdings in the United Kingdom belonging to the British monarch as a corporation sole, making it the ``Sovereign's public estate'', which is neither government property nor part of the monarch's private estate.	Crown Estate	United Kingdom
country	Chel Gasheh (Persian: چل گشه‎) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chel Gasheh	Iran
country	Saraydan (Persian: سرايدان‎, also Romanized as Sarāydān; also known as Sāradān and Sāygān) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Saraydan	Iran
country	The Paita Province is one of eight provinces of the Piura Region in northwestern Peru.	Paita Province	Peru
country	Kołbacz (ˈkɔwbat͡ʂ) (German: Kolbatz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kołbacz	Poland
country	Antroni (Greek: Αντρώνι) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Lasiona, Elis, Greece.	Antroni	Greece
country	The Seat of Government Act 1904 was an Act of the Parliament of Australia which selected the area around Dalgety, New South Wales as the site of the Federal Capital Territory (now the Australian Capital Territory).	Seat of Government Act 1904	Australia
country	Indira Gandhi Zoological Park is located amidst Kambalakonda Reserve Forest in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Indira Gandhi Zoological Park	India
country	The Cottonera Lines (Maltese: Is-Swar tal-Kottonera), also known as the Valperga Lines (Maltese: Is-Swar ta' Valperga), are a line of fortifications in Cospicua and Birgu, Malta.	Cottonera Lines	Malta
country	Plovdiv Province (Bulgarian: Област Пловдив: Oblast Plovdiv, former name Plovdiv okrug) is a province in central southern Bulgaria.	Plovdiv Province	Bulgaria
country	Mahón cheese is a soft to hard white cheese made from cow's milk, named after the natural port of Mahón on the island of Minorca off the Mediterranean coast of Spain.	Mahón cheese	Spain
country	Storhove is a neighborhood of Lillehammer, Norway, located 5 kilometers (3 mi) north of the city center.	Storhove	Norway
country	Adelbert Range is a mountain range in Madang Province, north-central Papua New Guinea.	Adelbert Range	Papua New Guinea
country	Bioul is located on the Condroz region of Belgium, a few kilometers to the west of the Meuse valley	Bioul	Belgium
country	Paradise Cave (Polish: Jaskinia Raj, pronounced 'Yaskeenya Rye') is a horizontal limestone cave in Poland located in the hill Malik, to the south of Kielce, Świętokrzyskie Voivodship.	Paradise Cave	Poland
country	Lower Little Falls is an 8.2 metre high talus ribbon cascade waterfall found in Ancaster, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Lower Little Falls	Canada
country	Hadžipopovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Хаџипоповац) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Hadžipopovac	Serbia
country	Ausacker (Danish: Oksager) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ausacker	Germany
country	Chanthaburi (Thai: จันทบุรี (Pronunciation)) is a town (thesaban mueang) in the east of Thailand, on the banks of the Chanthaburi River.	Chanthaburi	Thailand
country	Dahan Institute of Technology (DAHAN; Chinese: 大漢技術學院) is a private university located in Xincheng District, Hualien County, Taiwan.	Dahan Institute of Technology	Taiwan
country	Lamud is a town in northern Peru, capital of Luya Province in Amazonas Region.	Lamud	Peru
country	Sıqalonu (also, Sığaloni) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sıqalonu	Azerbaijan
country	Taloli (alternatively Talavali) is a village in India.	Taloli	India
country	Dhama was an important Zail(administrative division)during British regime and First Zaildar of this place was Chudary Shurffudin and after him his son Chudary Qutabuddin succeeded him, and his successor was Chudary Sher Ali; his son Ch Ghulam Hussain remains sufaid posh and Numberdar his son Ch Talib Hussain remains Chairman Pakistan Peoples Party Lalamusa.	Dhama	Pakistan
country	Mohammadabad-e Anbari (Persian: محمدابادعنبري‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e ʿAnbarī; also known as Moḩammadābād and Moḩammadābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Anbari	Iran
country	Sucunduri River (Portuguese: Rio Sucundurí) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.	Sucunduri River	Brazil
country	Bloemendaal railway station is located in Bloemendaal, near Haarlem, the Netherlands.	Bloemendaal railway station	Netherlands
country	Madame Jean Pierre is a village in the Maniche municipality of the Les Cayes Arrondissement, in the Sud Department of Haiti.	Madame Jean Pierre	Haiti
country	The Palazzo della Congregazione dei Nobili (Palace of the Congregation of the Nobles), better known as Palazzetto dei Nobili (Palace of Nobles) or ``Oratorio dei Nobili'' (Oratory of Nobles), is a historic building of L'Aquila in Southern Italy.	Palazzetto dei Nobili	Italy
country	Kruklanki (kruˈklanki) (German Kruglanken) is a village in Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kruklanki	Poland
country	The Via Vinci University, short for ``the International University for Creative Leadership and Entrepreneurship'', was intended as an international, Netherlands based private university.	Via Vinci University	Netherlands
country	Žikarce (pronounced (ˈʒiːkaɾtsɛ)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia.	Žikarce	Slovenia
country	The Friedenspark (``Peace Park'') is an open space of about 20 hectares in the centre of Leipzig, Germany, in the district of Zentrum-Südost, located between the Ostplatz to the north and the Russian Memorial Church (Russische Gedächtniskirche) to the south.	Friedenspark	Germany
country	Long March 2C (LM-2C), or Chang Zheng 2C (CZ-2C) as in Chinese pinyin is a member of the Long March 2 rocket family, an expendable launch system operated by the People's Republic of China.	Long March 2C	People's Republic of China
country	Boende Airport (IATA: BNB, ICAO: FZGN) is an airport serving the town of Boende in Équateur Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Boende Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Countess Teréz Brunszvik de Korompa (Therese Countess von Brunsvik or Brunswick) (July 27, 1775, Pozsony, Kingdom of Hungary -- September 23, 1861, Pest, Kingdom of Hungary) was a member of the Hungarian nobility, pedagoge and a follower of the Swiss Pestalozzi.	Teréz Brunszvik	Hungary
country of citizenship	Vashishtha Narayan Singh is an Indian mathematician from Basantpur, Bihar, India.	Vashishtha Narayan Singh	India
country of citizenship	Luigi Mazzella (born on 26 May 1932 in Salerno, Italy) is an Italian lawyer and former judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy (2005--2014).	Luigi Mazzella	Italy
country of citizenship	Eusèbe Jaojoby (born 29 July 1955), commonly known by his surname Jaojoby (ˈdzodzubʲ), is a Malagasy composer and singer of salegy, a musical style of northwestern Madagascar.	Eusèbe Jaojoby	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Scott Ambrose (born 23 January 1995) is a New Zealand professional racing cyclist who rides for Team Novo Nordisk.	Scott Ambrose	New Zealand
country of origin	Between Valleys (Portuguese: Entre Vales) is a Brazilian drama film in co-production with Germany and Uruguay.	Between Valleys	Uruguay
country of origin	Miracles Take Longer was a United Kingdom drama series broadcast on ITV from January 1984 to May 1984 made by Thames Television.	Miracles Take Longer	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Elektronika MK-61 (Russian: Электро́ника МК-61) is a third-generation non-BASIC, RPN programmable calculator which was manufactured in the Soviet Union during the years 1983 to 1991.	Elektronika MK-61	Soviet Union
country of origin	The Barber was nominated for nine awards from the Directors Guild of Canada and the Leo Awards:	The Barber	Canada
country of origin	Alice in Videoland is an electroclash band from Sweden.	Alice in Videoland	Sweden
country of origin	The Crop, is set in the early 1980s in Australia, and is about larrikin nightclub owner, Ronnie 'Blade' Gillette (George Elliot), and his barmaid girlfriend Geraldine (Holly Brisley).	The Crop	Australia
country of origin	In the Box was a 30-minute preschoolers' television program which aired in Australia on Network Ten at 8:30 am to 9:00 am, from Monday to Friday.	In the Box	Australia
country of origin	The Ikv 91, or Infanterikanonvagn 91, was a high mobility light tank (but designated a tank destroyer by Sweden) that was developed to meet the operational requirements of the Swedish Army.	Infanterikanonvagn 91	Sweden
country of origin	Madam Cutie On Duty (Chinese: 師奶MADAM; Jyutping: Si1 Naai1 MADAM; literally ``Housewife Madam'') is a 2015 Hong Kong modern comedy romance action drama produced by TVB.	Madam Cutie On Duty	Hong Kong
country of origin	Ear to the Ground is a weekly television programme broadcast on Ireland's RTÉ One on Thursday evenings at 20:30.	Ear to the Ground	Ireland
country of origin	Then called la Maison Givelet, it was purchased by Louis-Victor Revillon in 1839 and soon, as Revillon Frères, became the largest fur company in France.	Revillon Frères	France
country of origin	Choc-tops (also known as choc bombs in Queensland and Western Australia) are chocolate-dipped ice-creams popular in Australia and traditionally eaten at the cinema.	Choc-top	Australia
country of origin	The music of Premer Kahini, composed by Jeet Ganguly, was released in India on 15 August 2008.Media partner of Premer Kahini is Bengali Music Channel Sangeet Bangla.	Premer Kahini	India
country of origin	Ansom chek (Khmer: អន្សមចេក) is a dessert from Cambodia.	Ansom chek	Cambodia
country of origin	Policegiri recorded an average opening and did extremely poor multiplex business although single screens fared much better where it remained in theatres for three weeks recording 43 ccr after its four week run across India.	Policegiri	India
country of origin	The Kaiser roll (German: Kaisersemmel), also called a Vienna roll (Wiener Kaisersemmel; as made by hand also: Handsemmel) or a hard roll, is a typically crusty round bread roll, originally from Austria.	Kaiser roll	Austria
country of origin	Kink FM described itself as the only commercial radio station in the Netherlands dedicated entirely to alternative music.	Kink FM	Netherlands
country of origin	Space Amoeba, released in Japan as Gezora, Ganime, Kamēba:	Space Amoeba	Japan
country of origin	Il manifesto is an Italian language daily newspaper published in Rome, Italy.	Il manifesto	Italy
country of origin	A Zippula (plural: Zippuli) is fried dough from Calabria, Italy.	Zippuli	Italy
country of origin	Free Sh!t Men is a TV reality show devised by Stephen Wools and Josh Lefers that originated in the Melbourne, Australia.	Free Sh!t Men	Australia
country of origin	Gibanica (Serbian Cyrillic: Гибаница, (ˈɡibanit͡sa)) is a traditional pastry dish from Serbia popular all over the Balkans.	Gibanica	Serbia
country of origin	First Floor Power is an indie rock band from Sweden.	First Floor Power	Sweden
country of origin	Kelupis (which literally translates to 'glutinous rice rolls' in English) is a traditional kuih for the Bruneian Malay people in the country of Brunei and in the states of Sabah and Sarawak in East Malaysia.	Kelupis	Brunei
country of origin	Bicerin (pronounced (bitʃeˈriŋ) in Piedmontese) is a traditional hot drink native to Turin, Italy, made of espresso, drinking chocolate and whole milk served layered in a small rounded glass.	Bicerin	Italy
country of origin	Came a Hot Friday is a 1985 New Zealand made comedy film, based on the 1964 novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson.	Came a Hot Friday	New Zealand
country of origin	Kadhi chawal (``yogurt curry with rice'') is a popular, rice based dish from India.	Kadhi chawal	India
country of origin	Palm wine is known as emu, nkwu, oguro in Nigeria; nsamba in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; nsafufuo in Ghana; kallu in South India;	Palm wine	India
country of origin	Jiří Tancibudek was born at Mnichovo Hradiště, Czechoslovakia (now in the Czech Republic).	Jiří Tancibudek	Czech Republic
country of origin	Once Upon a Time in China IV is a 1993 Hong Kong martial arts film and the fourth instalment in the Once Upon a Time in China film series.	Once Upon a Time in China IV	Hong Kong
country of origin	Hospital 24/7 is a medical documentary series broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC One.	Hospital 24/7	United Kingdom
country of origin	DotEmu is a French video game company created in 2007 by Xavier Liard and Romain Tisserand, with its headquarters in France.	DotEmu	France
country of origin	The first six Mr. Men books were published in United Kingdom in 1971, priced at 20p each.	Mr. Men	United Kingdom
country of origin	ASB Business was a half-hour business news programme in New Zealand, with insights into issues affecting the business sector.	ASB Business	New Zealand
country of origin	Nico Vega is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California, United States, formed in 2005 and consists of lead singer Aja Volkman, guitarist Rich Koehler, and drummer Dan Epand.	Nico Vega	California
country of origin	Trevor Butler was a contestant and winner of Big Brother Australia Series 4 (airing in 2004).	Trevor Butler	Australia
country of origin	The Aeneid was written in a time of major political and social change in Rome, with the fall of the Republic and the Final War of the Roman Republic having torn through society and many Romans' faith in the ``Greatness of Rome'' severely faltering.	Aeneid	Roman Republic
country of origin	Gene Boy Came Home is a 2007 documentary film by First Nations filmmaker Alanis Obomsawin, produced by the National Film Board of Canada.	Gene Boy Came Home	Canada
country of origin	Rock Hill Farms Single-Barrel Bourbon Whiskey is a single barrel bourbon whiskey produced in Frankfort, Kentucky by the Sazerac Company.	Rock Hill Farms Single-Barrel	Kentucky
country of origin	Vodka Perfect is an international brand of vodka, produced by Renaissance-Perfect, an Israeli based company which operates three large manufacturing facilities in Israel and Romania.	Vodka Perfect	Israel
country of origin	Besides the French Army, numerous other armies have the LRAC F1 in service, especially with former African colonies of France of which it still remains in service with today.	LRAC F1	France
country of origin	La vie devant nous was the most popular teenage drama in France about a group of high school friends growing up, falling in love, fighting, dealing with troubles, exploring their sexuality and more.	La vie devant nous	France
country of origin	Lucas Callaghan is an Australian reality television series personality collector & dealer in 20th century design who stars alongside Adam McDonald, in Aussie Pickers on A&E Australia.	Lucas Callaghan	Australia
country of origin	The producer of these programs, William G. Stewart, had earlier produced a pilot episode for a UK situation comedy series based on a group of tea ladies and resurrected the concept as The Tea Ladies in Australia.	The Tea Ladies	Australia
country of origin	Beat the Boss was a business gameshow broadcast in the United Kingdom as part of the BBC's children-oriented programming, CBBC.	Beat the Boss	United Kingdom
country of origin	Le Loup blanc (The White Wolf) is a French historical novel by Paul Féval, père, first published in France in 1843.	Le Loup blanc	France
country of origin	Kokonte is a delicacy which is eaten some parts of Africa like Togo, Ghana and others.	Kokonte	Ghana
country of origin	The Wig (Hangul: 가발; RR: Gabal) is 2005 South Korean horror film directed by Won Shin-yeon, and starring Chae Min-seo and Yoo Sun. It was first released on August 12, 2005 in South Korea and was released onto DVD in the United States in 2008.	The Wig	South Korea
country of origin	Old Charter is a brand of bourbon whiskey distilled in Frankfort, Kentucky at the Buffalo Trace Distillery, which is part of the Sazerac Company.	Old Charter	Kentucky
country of origin	A Barefoot Dream (Hangul: 맨발의 꿈; RR: Maenbalui Kkum) is a 2010 drama film co-production between South Korea and Japan directed by Kim Tae-kyun.	A Barefoot Dream	South Korea
country of origin	Sajadah Ka'bah is drama Indonesia which was released on 17 November 2011, directed by Rhoma Irama and starred by Rhoma Irama and Ida Iasha.	Sajadah Ka'bah	Indonesia
country of origin	Jojo Khalastra appeared on The Comedy Store, a show on Israel Television's Channel Two, as the iconic Mizrahi ars, a Hebrew slang term derived from Arabic referring to a stereotyped male character who wears flashy jewelry and clothing.	Jojo Khalastra	Israel
country of origin	Featuring a majority Asian cast, Food for the Gods premiered on Canadian cable, Shaw Multicultural Channel, Sunday, May 25, 2008, as part of SMC's and ExplorASIAN's (a Vancouver-based Asian heritage organization) salute to Canada's Asian Heritage Month, which takes place each May.	Food for the Gods	Canada
country of origin	Among the Great Apes with Michelle Yeoh is a 2009 documentary film made by National Geographic in cooperation with FINAS (National Film Development Corporation Malaysia).	Among the Great Apes with Michelle Yeoh	Malaysia
country of origin	Time Trackers is a children's television series produced for the Seven Network in (Australia) and TV2 in New Zealand The 13 half-hour episodes first screened in 2008.	Time Trackers	Australia	New Zealand
country of origin	Thway (Burmese: သွေး) is a 2003 film and the first Japan/Myanmar collaboration.	Thway	Myanmar
country of origin	Fatost is a specialty food from northern Sweden, commonly eaten around Christmas.	Fatost	Sweden
country of origin	Lukhmi (Urdu: لقمی‎) is a typical mince savoury or starter of the cuisine of Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Lukhmi	India
country of origin	Following the first season in 2000, production on the The Gavin Crawford Show was temporarily interrupted by Crawford's participation in the short-lived American sketch comedy series Hype, but resumed when Crawford returned to Canada after Hype's cancellation, having two further seasons and producing 26 episodes altogether.	The Gavin Crawford Show	Canada
country of origin	Nasty Burgers is a low-budget feature film made in Canada and released to theaters in 1993.	Nasty Burgers	Canada
country of origin	Webnation is a television show about technology that is aired on CP24 in Toronto, Canada.	Webnation	Canada
country of origin	Dhokla recipe is a very popular Guajarati dish prepared in almost every household in India.	Dhokla	India
country of origin	100 Huntley Street is a Christian daily television talk show and the flagship program of Crossroads Christian Communications based in Burlington, Ontario, Canada.	100 Huntley Street	Canada
country of origin	Barefoot Ki-bong was released in South Korea on 26 April 2006, and on its opening weekend was ranked second at the box office with 362,023 admissions.	Barefoot Ki-bong	South Korea
country of origin	The Carmagnola Grey rabbit is a rare breed from Italy, almost extinct.	Carmagnola Grey	Italy
country of origin	Pinolillo (or pinol) is a sweet cornmeal and cacao-based traditional drink in Nicaragua.	Pinolillo	Nicaragua
country of origin	Barson Baad is a popular drama serial which was shown on the Pakistan Television network in 2006.	Barson Baad	Pakistan
country of origin	Aksyon (lit. Action), is the flagship national network news program broadcast by TV5 in the Philippines.	Aksyon	Philippines
country of origin	F.A.L.T.U (full expansion: Fakirchand and Lakirchand Trust University, English translation: Useless, Hindi: बेकार) is a Hindi comedy film directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Vashu Bhagnani under the banner Puja Entertainment (India) Ltd. Its plot heavily borrows from the 2006 Hollywood comedy, Accepted.	F.A.L.T.U	India
country of origin	Freda' (Swedish for Friday) is a pop group from Gnosjö in Sweden, first active from 1983-1993.	Freda'	Sweden
country of origin	The AUM-N-2 Petrel was an air-to -surface missile produced by the United States of America.	AUM-N-2 Petrel	United States of America
country of origin	Old Time Buddy (Chinese: 難兄難弟; Jyutping: naan4 hing1 naan4 dai6) is a 1997 Hong Kong period comedy television drama created and produced by TVB.	Old Time Buddy	Hong Kong
country of origin	Getting Married in Buffalo Jump is a 1990 Canadian TV movie filmed in Alberta, Canada.	Getting Married in Buffalo Jump	Canada
country of origin	Strikebound is the dramatised story of a coal-miners' strike in 1930s Australia, in the small south Gippsland town of Korumburra.	Strikebound	Australia
country of origin	Dama y obrero (English: Lady and Worker) is a Chilean telenovela produced and broadcast by Televisión Nacional de Chile.	Dama y obrero	Chile
country of origin	Amaretti di Saronno (singular amaretto di Saronno) refer to an amaretto (almond flavored) macaroon that is traditional to Saronno, a comune of Lombardy, Italy.	Amaretti di Saronno	Italy
country of origin	Ngati is a 1987 New Zealand feature film directed by Barry Barclay, written by Tama Poata and produced by John O'Shea.	Ngati	New Zealand
country of origin	Cricket is generally believed to have been first played in southern England in the 16th century.	Cricket	England
country of origin	Usapang Business is the business television show created by ABS-CBN News and Current Affairs and aired on ABS-CBN and ABS-CBN News Channel, the format of the weekly newsmagazine program that aired Tuesday nights after The World Tonight features innovative businesses that are on the fast-track in the Philippines.	Usapang Business	Philippines
country of origin	Slap Bang with Ant & Dec is a television programme that was shown in the United Kingdom on ITV in 2001.	Slap Bang with Ant & Dec	United Kingdom
country of origin	Mighty Ships is a documentary television program produced by Exploration Production Inc. in Canada and aired on Discovery Channel Canada and also broadcast around the world.	Mighty Ships	Canada
country of origin	The Conqueror's Story is a Hong Kong television series based on the events in the Chu--	The Conqueror's Story	Hong Kong
country of origin	Roul and Doors (Utrecht, Netherlands) is a Dutch DJ and producer duo, known for their own melodic and energetic style of house music.	Roul and Doors	Netherlands
country of origin	Don't Let It Get You is a film made in New Zealand and Sydney, Australia in 1966.	Don't Let It Get You	Australia
country of origin	Macadam Tribu is a 1996 comedy-drama produced by José Zeka Laplaine in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Macadam Tribu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of origin	Six Reasons Why was commercially released in Canada in August 2007 both as a DVD and theatrically.	Six Reasons Why	Canada
country of origin	Goodbye, 20th Century! was Macedonia's submission to the 71st Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not among the five finalists to achieve the Oscar nomination.	Goodbye, 20th Century!	Macedonia
country of origin	The Kempler video is a film made by Roni Kempler while standing initially at the crime scene at the northeast side of the Tel Aviv City Hall and later on the roof of the ``Gan Ha'ir''-mall overlooking the crime scene before and during the assassination of Prime Minister of Israel Yitzhak Rabin on November 4, 1995.	Kempler video	Israel
country of origin	A Stottie cake or stotty is a type of bread that originated in North East England.	Stottie cake	England
country of origin	Paysage d'Hiver is a one-man ambient black metal band from Schwarzenburg, Canton of Berne, Switzerland.	Paysage d'Hiver	Switzerland
country of origin	The Kids from Room 402 is a Canadian animated television series produced by CineGroupe and Saban Entertainment that premiered in 1999 on the Fox Family in the United States, and in 2000 on Teletoon in Canada.	The Kids from Room 402	Canada
country of origin	Who Killed Dr Bogle and Mrs Chandler? is an Australian documentary film about the mysterious deaths of Dr Gilbert Bogle and Mrs Margaret Chandler in Sydney, Australia in 1963.	Who Killed Dr Bogle and Mrs Chandler?	Australia
country of origin	Nicole & Hugo are a singing duet from Belgium Nicole Josy (born October 1946 as Nicole Van Palm, Wemmel) and Hugo Sigal (born 10 November 1947 as Hugo Verbraeken, Leopoldstad/Léopoldville (now Kinshasa)) met in 1970.	Nicole & Hugo	Belgium
country of origin	Accidental Death of an Anarchist was first staged by Dario Fo and theatre group Collettivo Teatrale La Comune on 5 December 1970 in Varese, Italy.	Accidental Death of an Anarchist	Italy
country of origin	Comradeship (German: Kameradschaft, known in France as La Tragédie de la mine) is a 1931 dramatic directed by Austrian director G. W. Pabst.	Kameradschaft	France
country of origin	Long Night in 1943, The Long Night of '43 or It Happened in '43 (original Italian title - La lunga notte del '43) is an Italian film of 1960 set during the Allied invasion of Italy and Italian Social Republic in 1943 during the Second World War.	Long Night in 1943	Italy
country of origin	Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze (English: Independent Morning Newspaper) is a Latvian language national daily newspaper in Latvia, published in Riga.	Neatkarīgā Rīta Avīze	Latvia
country of origin	Birds in the Bush (also known as The Virgin Fellas and Strike It Rich) is an Australian/United Kingdom situation comedy series produced in 1972.	Birds in the Bush	United Kingdom
country of origin	M.K. 22 satirically deals with Israel Defense Forces manners and culture, and with general issues of Israeli society and current events in Israel.	M.K. 22	Israel
country of origin	Trading Houses is a New Zealand Reality Show where couples trade wives and renovate each other's house.	Trading Houses	New Zealand
country of origin	Pugs were brought from China to Europe in the sixteenth century and were popularized in Western Europe by the House of Orange of the Netherlands, and the House of Stuart.	Pug	China
country of origin	Suganth of The Times of India gave 3.5 stars out of 5 and called Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer, ``a return to form for the director after the misfire that was Rajapattai.	Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer	India
country of origin	Mag TV Na is the brand of regional talk or magazine shows (as the title suggests) of different ABS-CBN Regional Network Group stations in the Philippines.	Mag TV Na	Philippines
country of origin	Brem is the traditional fermented food or fermented beverage from Indonesia.	Brem	Indonesia
country of origin	Song of the Exile (客途秋恨, translit. Ke tu qiu hen) is a 1990 Hong Kong-Taiwanese film, a semi-fictionalised autobiography directed by Ann Hui.	Song of the Exile	Hong Kong
country of origin	Staminade is the first sports drink to be commercially manufactured and marketed in Australia, available in Australian retail outlets since the late 1970s.	Staminade	Australia
country of origin	The Drifting Cloud is said to be Japan's first modern novel, differing greatly from novels in de 17th-18th century in that it focusses not on actions and deeds, but on psychological exploration of the different characters.	The Drifting Cloud	Japan
country of origin	HaDerekh LeEin Harod (Hebrew: הדרך לעין חרוד‎, lit. The Road to Ein Harod) was a 1990 Israeli film, adapted from Amos Kenan's dystopian novel, describing a future civil war in Israel.	HaDerekh LeEin Harod	Israel
country of origin	Vi ska vinna! was written in 2001 by Daniel Bäckström, Stefan Enberg, Marko Kristian Lehtosalo (``Markoolio'') and Hans Schumacher and performed by Markoolio together with the band Excellence, was the fight song for Sweden during the 2002 Olympic Winter Games in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA.	Vi ska vinna!	Sweden
country of origin	The Even Chance is the name given to this first film in the United Kingdom, while in the United States it is known as The Duel.	The Even Chance	United Kingdom
country of origin	Tofu and its production technique were introduced into Korea and then Japan during the Nara period (710--794).	Tofu	Japan
country of origin	Bajadera refers to the commercial preparation of bajadera by the Kraš confectionery company of Zagreb, Croatia.	Bajadera	Croatia
country of origin	Hill 24 Doesn't Answer (Hebrew: Giv'a 24 Eina Ona‎), the first feature film produced in Israel, is a 1955 Israeli war film directed by Thorold Dickinson.	Hill 24 Doesn't Answer	Israel
country of origin	Sexual Secrets is a documentary television series which explores various concepts of human sexuality shown on Slice in Canada.	Sexual Secrets	Canada
country of origin	Maud Mulder (born 17 November 1981 in Nijmegen, Netherlands) is a Dutch singer who rose to popularity after placing second in Idols Netherlands 2, the Dutch version of Pop Idol, shown by RTL 4.	Maud Mulder	Netherlands
country of origin	The 'W' Files (衛斯理) is a 2003 Hong Kong fantasy-adventure-mystery television period drama serial based on Ni Kuang's novel series Wisely Series, starring Gallen Lo as Wisely.	The 'W' Files	Hong Kong
country of origin	Italian Fascism (Italian: Fascismo Italiano), also known simply as Fascism (Italian: Fascismo), is the original fascist ideology, as developed in Italy.	Italian Fascism	Italy
country of origin	The Marriage of Gustav III (Swedish: Gustav III:s äktenskap) is a Swedish television series in two parts built upon a period in the life of King Gustav III of Sweden.	The Marriage of Gustav III	Sweden
country of origin	Butterfly and Sword is a 1993 Hong Kong wuxia film loosely based on the novel Liuxing Hudie Jian by Gu Long.	Butterfly and Sword	Hong Kong
country of origin	Llapingacho are fried potato cakes that originated in Ecuador.	Llapingacho	Ecuador
country of origin	Winner of three Guldbagge Awards, The Apple War is a popular cult film in Sweden, and referred to as a ``Hasseåtage'' film due to the creators Tage Danielsson and Hasse Alfredson.	The Apple War	Sweden
country of origin	Squid Girl, known in Japan as Shinryaku!	Squid Girl	Japan
country of origin	Hebe Tien Fu Zhen, a member of a popular Taiwan girl group S.H.E is originally the main female lead (Li Xiao Xing/Tian Mo Xing) for Mysterious Incredible Terminator.	Mysterious Incredible Terminator	Taiwan
creator	The New Adventures of He-Man is an American animated series which ran in syndication in the fall of 1990 while Mattel released the toy line He-Man, an update of their Masters of the Universe line.	The New Adventures of He-Man	Mattel
creator	Tanner '88 is a political mockumentary miniseries written by Garry Trudeau and directed by Robert Altman.	Tanner '88	Garry Trudeau
creator	The Merry Drinker is a painting by Frans Hals showing a man wearing a leather jerkin, lace collar and cuffs, and a floppy hat tipped at an angle.	The Merry Drinker	Frans Hals
creator	The Fall of New Amsterdam is a historical painting by the American artist Jean Leon Gerome Ferris.	The Fall of New Amsterdam	Jean Leon Gerome Ferris
creator	Portrait of Père Tanguy, painted by Vincent van Gogh in 1887, is one of his three paintings of Julien Tanguy.	Portrait of Père Tanguy	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Ambassadors of Agamemnon in the tent of Achilles is an 1801 painting by Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, produced for the Prix de Rome competition.	The Ambassadors of Agamemnon in the tent of Achilles	Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres
creator	The Chinese Detective is a British television series, transmitted by the BBC between 1981 and 1982 and created by Ian Kennedy Martin, who had previously devised The Sweeney and Juliet Bravo.	The Chinese Detective	Ian Kennedy Martin
creator	One & Other was a public art project by Antony Gormley, in which 2,400 members of the public occupied the usually vacant fourth plinth in Trafalgar Square, London, for an hour each for 100 days.	One & Other	Antony Gormley
creator	View of the World from 9th Avenue (sometimes A Parochial New Yorker's View of the World, A New Yorker's View of the World or simply View of the World) is a 1976 illustration by Saul Steinberg that served as the cover of the March 29, 1976, edition of The New Yorker.	View of the World from 9th Avenue	Saul Steinberg
creator	Breton Women at a Pardon (French: Les Bretonnes au Pardon) is an 1887 oil on canvas by the French academic painter Pascal Dagnan-Bouveret.	Breton Women at a Pardon	Pascal Dagnan-Bouveret
creator	Helena Fourment with Children is a c.1636 painting by Peter Paul Rubens, showing his second wife Helena Fourment with their son Frans (born 12 July 1633) in her arms and their daughter Clara Johanna (born 18 January 1632) standing to their left.	Helena Fourment with Children	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Triple Sensation is a reality television series produced by multi-Tony Award winning producer Garth Drabinsky.	Triple Sensation	Garth Drabinsky
creator	Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima is a historic photograph taken on February 23, 1945, by Joe Rosenthal.	Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima	Joe Rosenthal
creator	The Windsor Beauties are a famous collection of paintings by Sir Peter Lely, painted in the early to mid-1660s.	Windsor Beauties	Peter Lely
creator	For Gordon Bunshaft is a 2006 sculpture by Dan Graham, installed at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C. The work, which refers to American architect Gordon Bunshaft, was installed by the reflection pool of the Sunken Sculpture Garden on May 30, 2008.	For Gordon Bunshaft	Dan Graham
creator	Big John, Little John was an American Saturday-morning situation comedy, produced by Sherwood Schwartz, which starred Herbert Edelman as ``Big John'' and Robert ``Robbie'' Rist as ``Little John.''	Big John, Little John	Sherwood Schwartz
creator	Spring Frost is an 1919 painting by the Australian artist Elioth Gruner.	Spring Frost	Elioth Gruner
creator	Written by Russell T Davies, it tells the story of teenager Tess Hunter and her mother, who move to the seemingly idyllic rural village of Century Falls, only to find that it hides many powerful secrets.	Century Falls	Russell T Davies
creator	Blue Horses or Die grossen blauen Pferde (The Large Blue Horses) is a 1911 painting by German painter and printmaker Franz Marc (1880--1916).	Blue Horses	Franz Marc
creator	Sponsa de Libano (The Bride of Lebanon) is a painting by the Pre-Raphaelite artist Edward Burne-Jones dated 1891.	Sponsa de Libano	Edward Burne-Jones
creator	Old Church Tower at Nuenen (or The Peasants' Churchyard) are names given to several oil paintings and drawings created in 1884 and 1885 by Vincent van Gogh.	Old Church Tower at Nuenen	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Mademoiselle Rose (also Seated Nude) is a painting by French Romantic artist Eugène Delacroix, regarded as the leader of the French Romantic school.	Mademoiselle Rose	Eugène Delacroix
creator	Freaks and Geeks is an American teen comedy-drama television series, created by Paul Feig with Judd Apatow as executive producer, that aired on NBC during the 1999--2000 television season.	Freaks and Geeks	Paul Feig
creator	John J. Pershing General of the Armies, is a public artwork by American artist Robert White, located at Pershing Park in Washington, D.C., United States.	John J. Pershing General of the Armies	Robert White
creator	In stanza 17 of the Poetic Edda poem Völuspá, the völva reciting the Poem states that Hœnir, Lóðurr and Odin once found Ask and Embla on Land.	Ask and Embla	Hœnir	Lóðurr
creator	The one-hour drama is based on the Rizzoli & Isles series of novels by Tess Gerritsen.	Rizzoli & Isles	Tess Gerritsen
creator	Gwenfritz is a painted steel abstract stabile, by Alexander Calder.	Gwenfritz	Alexander Calder
creator	The Gay Liberation Monument is a monument featuring the sculpture Gay Liberation by American artist George Segal, located in Christopher Park along Christopher Street in Manhattan, New York.	Gay Liberation Monument	George Segal
creator	The Dick Tracy Show is an American animated television series based on Chester Gould's comic strip crime fighter.	The Dick Tracy Show	Chester Gould
creator	Courage the Cowardly Dog is an American animated comedy horror television series created by John R. Dilworth for Cartoon Network as part of the network's Cartoon Cartoons block.	Courage the Cowardly Dog	John R. Dilworth
creator	The Waldseemüller map, Universalis Cosmographia, is a printed wall map of the world by German cartographer Martin Waldseemüller, originally published in April 1507.	Waldseemüller map	Martin Waldseemüller
creator	His Highness the Prince is an object-sculpture made by Joan Miró in 1974 and now part of the permanent collection of the Joan Miró Foundation in Barcelona.	His Highness the Prince	Joan Miró
creator	The Dresden Triptych (or Virgin and Child with St. Michael and St. Catherine and a Donor, or Triptych of the Virgin and Child) is a very small hinged-triptych altarpiece by the Early Netherlandish painter Jan van Eyck.	Dresden Triptych	Jan van Eyck
creator	Dirty Jobs is a TV series on the Discovery Channel in which host Mike Rowe is shown performing difficult, strange, disgusting, or messy occupational duties alongside the typical employees.	Dirty Jobs	Mike Rowe
creator	The Four Philosophers is a 1611-12 painting by Peter Paul Rubens.	The Four Philosophers	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park, New York City, USA (1962) is a famous photograph by Diane Arbus.	Child with Toy Hand Grenade in Central Park	Diane Arbus
creator	Funky Bones is a public artwork by Atelier Van Lieshout, a Dutch artist collective led by Joep van Lieshout, located in the 100 Acres:	Funky Bones	Atelier Van Lieshout
creator	Religion saved by Spain is an oil on canvas painting produced between 1572-1575 by the Italian master of the Venetian school, Titian (c. 1488/(1482) -- 1576) commemorating the Battle of Lepanto.	Religion saved by Spain	Titian
creator	La belle ferronnière is a portrait of a woman, usually attributed to Leonardo da Vinci, in the Louvre.	La belle ferronnière	Leonardo da Vinci
creator	The Three Smiths Statue is a sculpture by Felix Nylund, situated in Helsinki in Three Smiths Square at the intersection of Aleksanterinkatu and Mannerheimintie.	Three Smiths Statue	Felix Nylund
creator	Grlom u jagode (``The Unpicked Strawberries'') is a 1975 Yugoslavian TV series directed by Srđan Karanović and co-written by Karanović and Rajko Grlić.	Grlom u jagode	Srđan Karanović
creator	UIC Skyspace is a skyspace by James Turrell located at the southwest corner of Roosevelt Road and Halsted Street in Chicago.	UIC Skyspace	James Turrell
creator	Top of the Lake is a mystery drama television series written by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee, and directed by Campion and Garth Davis.	Top of the Lake	Jane Campion
creator	The Ildefonso Altarpiece is a triptych painting by Peter Paul Rubens, dating to between 1630 and 1631.	Ildefonso Altarpiece	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	The Four Witches (German: Die Vier Hexen, or Four Naked Women or Four Sorceresses) is a 1497 engraving by the German Renaissance master Albrecht Dürer.	The Four Witches	Albrecht Dürer
creator	In Finnish mythology, the Sampo or Sammas was a magical artifact of indeterminate type constructed by Ilmarinen that brought good fortune to its holder.	Sampo	Ilmarinen
creator	Portrait of a Kleptomaniac or Portrait of an Insane Person (French : L'Aliéné or Le Kleptomane) is an 1822 oil painting by Théodore Géricault.	Portrait of a Kleptomaniac	Théodore Géricault
creator	Still Life and Street is a woodcut print by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher which was first printed in March, 1937.	Still Life and Street	M. C. Escher
creator	The Old Fox (original German title ``Der Alte'', lit. ``The Old Man'') is a German crime drama created by Helmut Ringelmann.	The Old Fox	Helmut Ringelmann
creator	The Watts Towers, Towers of Simon Rodia, or Nuestro Pueblo (``our town'') are a collection of 17 interconnected sculptural structures within the Simon Rodia State Historic Park in the Watts community of Los Angeles.	Watts Towers	Simon Rodia
creator	The Sampling Officials (Dutch: De Staalmeesters), also called Syndics of the Drapers' Guild, is a 1662 oil painting by Rembrandt.	Syndics of the Drapers' Guild	Rembrandt
creator	The Catch-Up was an Australian daytime live television talk show on the Nine Network created by Mia Freedman.	The Catch-Up	Mia Freedman
creator	You're the Greatest, Charlie Brown is the 18th prime-time animated TV special based upon the popular comic strip Peanuts, by Charles M. Schulz.	You're the Greatest, Charlie Brown	Charles M. Schulz
creator	The Potato Harvest is a painting by the French artist Jean-François Millet.	The Potato Harvest	Jean-François Millet
creator	Gilligan's Island is an American sitcom created and produced by Sherwood Schwartz via United Artists Television.	Gilligan's Island	Sherwood Schwartz
creator	Willy Wonka is a character in Roald Dahl's 1964 children's novel Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, its sequel Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator, and the film adaptations of these books that followed.	Willy Wonka	Roald Dahl
creator	Matin à Villeneuve, also known as Villeneuve-l'Etang, le matin and From Waters Edge, is a painting created circa 1905 in the Realist tradition with a strong Naturalist component by the French artist Henri Biva (1848--1929).	Matin à Villeneuve	Henri Biva
creator	Boating on the River Epte (also known as The Canoe on the Epte) is an 1890 oil painting by French impressionist artist Claude Monet.	Boating on the River Epte	Claude Monet
creator	Double Ascension is an abstract sculpture, by Herbert Bayer.	Double Ascension	Herbert Bayer
creator	Albert Herring, Op. 39, is a chamber opera in three acts by Benjamin Britten.	Albert Herring	Benjamin Britten
creator	Bridge Tender's House is a public artwork by American artist Mikyoung Kim, located on the 14th Street Bridge in Washington, D.C., United States.	Bridge Tender's House	Mikyoung Kim
creator	An East View of the Great Cataract of Niagara is a historic watercolour of Niagara Falls painted on site by Thomas Davies (c. 1737--1812) in 1762.	An East View of the Great Cataract of Niagara	Thomas Davies
date of birth	Günter Halm (born 27 August 1922) was a German infanteer and the youngest member of the Afrika Korps to be awarded the Knight's Cross for his bravery in action.	Günter Halm	27 August 1922
date of birth	Upul Chandika Hathurusingha (Sinhalese: චන්දික හතුරුසිංහ; born 13 September 1968) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who is the current coach of the Bangladesh national cricket team, having been appointed in May 2014.	Chandika Hathurusingha	13 September 1968
date of birth	Hipólito Sánchez Rodríguez (1853 - February 4, 1947) - Married with Ignacia Agosto and known by the people as ``Don Polo Sánchez'', he was the donor of the gold altar of the Catholic Church, actually located in the Cathedral of San Juan.	Hipólito Sánchez Rodríguez	1853
date of birth	Irving Peress (July 31, 1917 -- November 13, 2014) was a New York City dentist who became a primary target for investigation of alleged communist leanings during the 1954 Army-McCarthy hearings.	Irving Peress	1917
date of birth	Warren Upham (8 March 1850 -- 29 January 1934) was a geologist, archaeologist, and librarian who is best known for his studies of glacial Lake Agassiz.	Warren Upham	1850
date of birth	Arthur Winton Brown JP (27 December 1856 -- 27 July 1916) was the Mayor of Wellington, New Zealand in 1886 and 1891.	Arthur Winton Brown	27 December 1856
date of birth	Gianluca Grignani (born 7 April 1972) is an Italian rock singer-songwriter and guitarist.	Gianluca Grignani	7 April 1972
date of birth	Louis Bazil (1695 -- February 20, 1752) was a French merchant and militia officer in New France.	Louis Bazil	1695
date of birth	Mykola Karpov (born 8 July 1929 in Poltava; died 6 April 2003 in Kiev) was a Ukrainian playwright.	Mykola Karpov	8 July 1929
date of birth	Dr. Mohua Mukherjee (born August 1952) is a social activist and an author from Kolkata, West Bengal.	Mohua Mukherjee	August 1952
date of birth	Ronny Levy (Hebrew: רוני לוי‎; also spelled Roni; born 14 November 1966) is a former Israeli international football player and now works as a manager.	Ronny Levy	14 November 1966
date of birth	Aliaksei Ivanou (Belarusian: Аляксей Іваноў, Russian: Алексей Иванов) (born 17 May 1980) is a Belarusian cross-country skier who has competed swince 2004.	Aliaksei Ivanou	17 May 1980
date of birth	Manya Gordon Strunsky (1882-1945), best known as Manya Gordon, was a Ukrainian-born Jewish-American historian and political activist.	Manya Gordon	1882
date of birth	Solomon Haumono (born 13 October 1975 in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand-born Australian professional boxer and former rugby league player of Tongan descent.	Solomon Haumono	13 October 1975
date of birth	Romeo Kambou (born 13 November 1980 in Upper Volta) is a Burkinabé international footballer, who last played as striker for Sarawak FA.	Romeo Kambou	13 November 1980
date of birth	Rafael Ponce (born 22 June 1963) is one of the very few Ecuadorian professional golfers who has played on the international golf circuit.	Rafael Ponce	22 June 1963
date of birth	Massimo Grattarola (1950-2002) was an Italian born multidisciplinary engineer & scientist who pioneered the fields of bioelectronics and neurobioengineering (also referred to as neuroengineering), who established Europe's first Neuroengineering research facility in the mid-1990s.	Massimo Grattarola	1950
date of birth	Richard Bookstaber (born 1950) is the author of Option Pricing and Strategies in Investing and A Demon Of Our Own Design, a book highlighting the fragility of the financial system that occurs from tight coupling and complexity.	Richard Bookstaber	1950
date of birth	Ike Stubblefield (born June 7, 1952 in Toledo, Ohio), an American musician.	Ike Stubblefield	1952
date of birth	Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber (Arabic محمد بن عيسى الجابر, DIN 31635 Muḥammad bin ʿĪssā al-Ǧābir, born 1959 in Jeddah) is an Arab businessman and philanthropist.	Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber	1959
date of birth	Kathleen M. Blee (born 1953) is a professor of sociology and associate dean of graduate studies at the University of Pittsburgh.	Kathleen M. Blee	1953
date of birth	Craig Clark, (born 1960 in Santa Monica, California) is an American animator, an art rock, darkwave musician (Chorus of Souls on Fluxus Records), a comic book artist (Nemesister and Astrothrill), and an album cover artist (The Nymphs on Geffen Records).	Craig Clark	1960
date of birth	Zameer Haider (Urdu: ضميرحيدر‎; born 30 September 1962, Lahore) is as an international cricket umpire.	Zameer Haider	30 September 1962
date of birth	Leonard M. Tannenbaum (born 1971) is the founder and chief executive officer of Fifth Street Asset Management.	Leonard M. Tannenbaum	1971
date of birth	Gianni Dal Maso (born 1954) is an Italian mathematician who is active in the fields of partial differential equations, calculus of variations and applied mathematics.	Gianni Dal Maso	1954
date of birth	Sannie Charlotte Carlson (born 11 April 1970), better known as Whigfield and also as Naan, is a Danish born, Italian-based Eurodance singer best known for the song ``Saturday Night'', which was a hit in 1994.	Whigfield	11 April 1970
date of birth	Lady Anne Monson (née Vane; formerly Hope-Vere) (1726--1776) was an English botanist and collector of plants and insects.	Lady Anne Monson	1726
date of birth	Märta Allertz (1628 -- before 1677), often wrongly referred to as Brita Allerts, was the royal mistress of Charles X of Sweden.	Märta Allertz	1628
date of birth	Peter Platt (born 23 January 1883 in Rotherham, England - died 1921) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Peter Platt	23 January 1883
date of birth	Spyridon Vasileiadis (Greek: Σπυρίδων Βασιλειάδης; 1845--1874) was a Greek poet and playwright.	Spyridon Vasileiadis	1845
date of birth	Sam Lynch (born 29 November 1975 in Limerick) is an Irish rower from St Michael's Rowing Club.	Sam Lynch	29 November 1975
date of birth	Brian Heward (17 July 1935 -- 21 April 2012) was an English professional footballer who made 234 appearances in the Football League playing for Scunthorpe United and Lincoln City.	Brian Heward	17 July 1935
date of birth	Wang Lixiong (Chinese: 王力雄; pinyin: Wáng Lìxióng, born 2 May 1953) is a Chinese writer and scholar, best known for his political prophecy fiction, Yellow Peril, and for his writings on Tibet and provocative analysis of China's western region of Xinjiang.	Wang Lixiong	2 May 1953
date of birth	Albert Bernhardt Faust (20 April 1870 in Baltimore -- 8 February 1951) was a United States German and German-American studies scholar.	Albert Bernhardt Faust	20 April 1870
date of birth	Kishalay Bhattacharjee (born 1969) is an Indian, senior journalist and author, executive director Reachout Foundation, Former resident editor NDTV, Chair internal security and senior fellow IDSA, Trainer, and documentary filmmaker.	Kishalay Bhattacharjee	1969
date of birth	Símun Samuelsen (born 21 May 1985 in Vágur) is a Faroese football striker currently playing for HB Tórshavn after playing in Iceland for some years for Keflavik as a right or left winger but can also play as a second striker.	Símun Samuelsen	21 May 1985
date of birth	Lieven Maesschalck (born 1964 in Zele) is a Belgian kinesitherapist who worked among others with the Belgian national football team.	Lieven Maesschalck	1964
date of birth	Ju Ming (Chinese: 朱銘; pinyin: Zhū Míng; born 1938) is a Taiwanese sculptor who attained fame in Taiwan in the 1970s, and in New York in 1983.	Ju Ming	1938
date of birth	Alex Peters (born 31 March 1994) is an English professional cyclist who rides for Team Sky.	Alex Peters	31 March 1994
date of birth	Nigel Worthington (born 4 November 1961) is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who was most recently the manager of York City.	Nigel Worthington	4 November 1961
date of birth	Oliver Mark (born 1963) is a German photographer, known primarily for work in portraits.	Oliver Mark	1963
date of birth	Priscilla Galloway (born 1930)is an award-winning Canadian children's literature author and former English teacher.	Priscilla Galloway	1930
date of birth	Dr. Hafiz Saleh Muhammad Alladin (born 1931 in Hyderabad, India; died March 20, 2011 in Amritsar ) was an Indian Ahmadi Muslim astronomer.	Hafiz Saleh Muhammad Alladin	1931
date of birth	Imaye Taga (Hebrew: אמייה טגה‎, born 1 February 1985) is an Ethiopian-born Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Netanya.	Imaye Taga	1 February 1985
date of birth	Zoran Đurašković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Ђурашковић, born 7 July 1975) is a Montenegrin retired footballer.	Zoran Đurašković	7 July 1975
date of birth	Michaela Walsh (born 5 June 1993) is an Amateur boxer from Northern Ireland who fights in the flyweight division (48 -- 51 kg).	Michaela Walsh	5 June 1993
date of birth	Brian Dillon (1830 - 17 August 1872) was an Irish Republican leader and a member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood.	Brian Dillon	1830
date of birth	Phillip Hefferton (July 25, 1933 - April 2, 2008) was an American pop artist from Detroit, Michigan, known for his paintings of banknotes.	Phillip Hefferton	1933
date of birth	Fr. Antony Thachuparambil was born on 8 December 1894 in Kottat, a suburban village of Chalakudy in Kerala to Poulose and Rosa.	Antony Thachuparambil	8 December 1894
date of birth	Chuck Canfield (born 1932) is an American business man and former mayor of Rochester, Minnesota.	Chuck Canfield	1932
date of birth	Tino Pietrogiovanna (born 19 December 1950) is a retired Italian alpine skier.	Tino Pietrogiovanna	19 December 1950
date of birth	Amanda Brooks (born 22 June 1981) is an actress who starred in the 2007 film D-War and in the 2006 film Cut Off.	Amanda Brooks	22 June 1981
date of birth	George Ryden (born 14 July 1940) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Dundee, St Johnstone and Stirling Albion.	George Ryden	14 July 1940
date of birth	Rahat Indori (Urdu: ڈاکٹر راحت اندوری ‎) (Hindi: डॉ. राहत इन्दोरी ) (born 1 January 1950) is an eminent Urdu language poet and a bollywood lyricist.	Rahat Indori	1 January 1950
date of birth	Bem Le Hunte (born 1964) is a British-Indian-Australian author whose internationally published novels, The Seduction of Silence (2001) and There, Where the Pepper Grows (2006) have gained her numerous positive reviews and a wide, appreciative readership in the Eastern and the Western world.	Bem Le Hunte	1964
date of birth	Alberto J. Mora (born 1951) is a former General Counsel of the Navy.	Alberto J. Mora	1951
date of birth	Jim Smallman (born 11 May 1978 in Leicestershire, England) is a stand-up comedian, radio presenter, professional wrestling promoter, blogger and voice-over artist.	Jim Smallman	11 May 1978
date of birth	Aarón Ñíguez Esclápez (born 26 April 1989), sometimes known simply as Aarón, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club S.C. Braga as a winger.	Aarón Ñíguez	26 April 1989
date of birth	Anne Kristine Thorsby (born 13. May 1962 Oslo) is a Norwegian visual artist, living in Lillehammer.	Anne Kristine Thorsby	13. May 1962
date of birth	Frederick Mors (2 October 1889 -- after 1916) was an Austrian serial killer who, while employed in a nursing home in New York City, killed eight elderly patients by poisoning.	Frederick Mors	2 October 1889
date of birth	Jan D'Esopo (born c. 1934) is a painter and sculptor, mainly active in Puerto Rico.	Jan D'Esopo	1934
date of birth	Vítězslav Veselý (Czech pronunciation: (ˈviːcɛslaf ˈvɛsɛliː)) (born 27 February 1983) is a Czech javelin thrower.	Vítězslav Veselý	27 February 1983
date of birth	Kris LaPoint (b. 23 January 1953 in Castro Valley, California) is an American water skier and 9 time National Slalom Champion.	Kris LaPoint	23 January 1953
date of birth	Ronnie Dugger (born 1931) is an American progressive journalist.	Ronnie Dugger	1931
date of birth	Dave McKearney (born 20 June 1968) is an English former footballer.	Dave McKearney	20 June 1968
date of birth	Kerim Chatty (born 15 January 1973) is a Swedish man who was suspected of attempted hijacking of an aircraft in 2002.	Kerim Chatty	15 January 1973
date of birth	Gerard Wiekens (born 25 February 1973) is a former Dutch footballer who played for Veendam of the Eerste Divisie.	Gerard Wiekens	25 February 1973
date of birth	Professor Splash (born 1960) is the show name of Darren Taylor.	Professor Splash	1960
date of birth	Govind Ballal Deval (1855 - 1916) was a Marathi playwright from Maharashtra, India.	Govind Ballal Deval	1855
date of birth	Susannah Hays (born 1959) is an American artist and educator practicing in the fields of philosophy, ecology, technical processes in historical and contemporary photography and the book as art. She first gained recognition for her work in 2000 when she joined Scott Nichols Gallery in San Francisco.	Susannah Hays	1959
date of birth	Stefanos Siontis (Greek: Στέφανος Σιόντης; born 4 September 1987) is a Greek footballer, who currently plays for Veria.	Stefanos Siontis	4 September 1987
date of birth	Tomas Nordin (born 9 October 1969 in Härnösand, Ångermanland) is a Swedish curler and world champion.	Tomas Nordin	9 October 1969
date of birth	Adolph Daniel Edward Elmer (1870--1942) was an American botanist and plant collector.	Adolph Daniel Edward Elmer	1870
date of birth	Karamshi Jethabhai Somaiya, born on 16 May 1902 in the remote village of Malunjar in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra, India.	Karamshi Jethabhai Somaiya	16 May 1902
date of birth	Lauren Beukes (born 5 June 1976) is a South African novelist, short story writer, journalist and television scriptwriter.	Lauren Beukes	5 June 1976
date of birth	Shaker Elsayed (born in Cairo, Egypt, in 1951) is a dual citizen of Egypt and the US, and has been the Imam of the Dar Al-Hijrah mosque in Falls Church, Virginia, since June 1, 2005.	Shaker Elsayed	1951
date of birth	Leonidas Kyvelidis (Greek: Λεωνίδας Κυβελίδης, born 8 February 1986 in Kazakhstan) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for Aris.	Leonidas Kyvelidis	8 February 1986
date of birth	Caleb Ewan (born 11 July 1994) is an Australian road and track bicycle racer who rides for Orica--	Caleb Ewan	11 July 1994
date of birth	John W. Howe (1801 -- December 1, 1873) was a Free Soil and Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.	John W. Howe	1801
date of birth	Thomas Prugger (born 23 October 1971) is an Italian snowboarder and Olympic medalist.	Thomas Prugger	23 October 1971
date of birth	Bartholomew O'Shaughnessey, Chief of the Name, born 1789, alive 1843.	Bartholomew O'Shaughnessey	1789
date of birth	Edwin Jenkyn (18 July 1876 -- 7 May 1947) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Edwin Jenkyn	18 July 1876
date of birth	Khalil Eideh (born 8 November 1954) is an Australian politician, for the state of Victoria.	Khalil Eideh	8 November 1954
date of birth	John Haswell (20 March 1812 - 8 June 1897) was an engineer and locomotive designer.	John Haswell	20 March 1812
date of birth	Hamish Glencross (born 13 February 1978) is a Scottish guitarist best known for his work with the English metal band My Dying Bride.	Hamish Glencross	13 February 1978
date of birth	William Orcutt Cushing (31 December 1823 -- 19 October 1902) was an American Unitarian minister and hymn writer from Hingham, Massachusetts.	William Orcutt Cushing	31 December 1823
date of birth	David Lloyd Kreeger (1909--1990) was an American art philanthropist, recipient of the 1990 National Medal of Arts Award.	David Lloyd Kreeger	1909
date of birth	Stefan Karadzha (Bulgarian: Стефан Караджа; born Stefan Todorov Dimov, Стефан Тодоров Димов; 11 May 1840 -- 31 July 1868), was a Bulgarian national hero, a revolutionary from the national liberation movement and a prominent leader of rebellion against the Ottoman Empire.	Stefan Karadzha	11 May 1840
date of birth	David Starbuck (born 6 December 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	David Starbuck	6 December 1950
date of birth	Seth Tobocman (born 1958) is a radical comic book artist who has been living in Manhattan's Lower East Side since 1978.	Seth Tobocman	1958
date of birth	Júlíus Jónasson (born 1964) is an Icelandic handball player and coach.	Júlíus Jónasson	1964
date of birth	Delphine Red Shirt (born 1957) is a Native American author and educator, who is an enrolled member of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation.	Delphine Red Shirt	1957
date of birth	Ayman Shawky Konsowa (Arabic: أيمن شوقي‎), born on 9 December 1962, was an Egyptian International Striker who played most of his career with El-Ahly and a short spell with Zamalek SC.	Ayman Shawky	9 December 1962
date of birth	Mohamed Youssef Ibrahim (Arabic: محمد يوسف إبراهيم‎; born 23 January 1947) is a former minister of interior in the Egyptian Government.	Mohamed Youssef Ibrahim	23 January 1947
date of birth	Greg Stimac (born 1976) is an American artist who lives and works in California.	Greg Stimac	1976
date of birth	Malcolm Le Grice (born May 1940, Plymouth, United Kingdom) is a British artist known for his avant-garde film work.	Malcolm Le Grice	May 1940
date of birth	Amr Al-Sulaya (Arabic: عمرو السولية‎) (born 4 February 1990) is an Egyptian football midfielder who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Al Ahly.	Amr Al-Sulaya	4 February 1990
date of birth	Jack Cobden (born 26 March 1989) is an England rugby union player, currently playing with Romanian SuperLiga side CSM Olimpia Bucureşti.	Jack Cobden	26 March 1989
date of birth	Rabbi Naftoli Trop (1871--September 24, 1928) was a renowned Talmudist and Talmid Chacham.	Naftoli Trop	1871
date of birth	Alfred John Agg (1830--1886) was an Australian colonial public servant and Commissioner of Railways, Victoria.	Alfred John Agg	1830
date of birth	Ulli Wegner (born 26 April 1942, in Stettin) is a German Boxing Coach and a former Amateur boxer.	Ulli Wegner	26 April 1942
date of birth	Gustavus Hamilton, 1st Viscount Boyne PC (Ire) (1642 -- 16 September 1723) was an Irish peer, soldier and politician.	Gustavus Hamilton, 1st Viscount Boyne	1642
date of birth	Percy Robert Diggle was born on 27 November 1887, the son of the Venerable Archdeacon, the Right Reverend John William Diggle, who would later become the Bishop of Carlisle and his second wife Edith Moss, (the daughter of Gilbert Winter Moss and Eliza Seilliere Zwilchenbart whom he married on 23 April 1884).	Percy Robert Diggle	27 November 1887
date of birth	Simen Johan (born 1973) is a Scandinavian contemporary artist, photographer and sculptor living in New York City.	Simen Johan	1973
date of birth	Raymond Otim (born 21 October 1986) in Kampala) is an Ugandan cricketer who played in the 2005 ICC Trophy in Ireland and the 2006 U-19 Cricket World Cup in Sri Lanka.	Raymond Otim	21 October 1986
date of birth	Kjetil Bang-Hansen (born 16 May 1940) is a Norwegian actor, dancer, stage producer and theatre director.	Kjetil Bang-Hansen	16 May 1940
date of birth	Simone Gozzi (born 13 April 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right-back for Serie B team Modena.	Simone Gozzi	13 April 1986
date of birth	Geofrey Massa (born 19 February 1986) is a Ugandan footballer, who currently plays for the Premier Soccer League side University of Pretoria in South Africa.	Geofrey Massa	19 February 1986
date of birth	Anthony Payne (born 2 August 1936) is an English composer, most famous for the work published as Edward Elgar:	Anthony Payne	2 August 1936
date of birth	Celine Prins (born 1 August 1984) is a Dutch fashion model, actress and entrepreneur.	Celine Prins	1 August 1984
date of birth	Hedvig Amalia Charlotta Klinckowström (1777-1810) was a Swedish countess, courtier and artist.	Hedvig Amalia Charlotta Klinckowström	1777
date of birth	Jay Laga'aia (born 10 September 1963) is a New Zealand-Australian actor and singer.	Jay Laga'aia	10 September 1963
date of birth	Derek Stokes (born 13 September 1939) is an English former professional footballer who played for Bradford City and Huddersfield Town during the 1950s and 1960s.	Derek Stokes	13 September 1939
date of birth	Scott Wainner (born 1978) is an American Internet entrepreneur and angel investor who founded Fareness.com and ResellerRatings.	Scott Wainner	1978
date of birth	John Grue (born 1957) is a Norwegian applied mathematician noted for his contributions to marine hydrodynamics and internal waves.	John Grue	1957
date of birth	Monika Weiss (born 1964, Warsaw) is a Polish-American contemporary artist based in New York City.	Monika Weiss	1964
date of birth	Ulrich W. Schiefer (born 5 November 1958 in Stuttgart) Ulrich W. Schiefer is a graduated engineer and Master of Business Administration.	Ulrich W. Schiefer	5 November 1958
date of birth	Mohammed Tayeb Al Alawi (born 13 October 1989) is a Bahrain association footballer currently playing for Al-Riffa and the Bahrain national football team as a striker.	Mohammed Tayeb Al Alawi	13 October 1989
date of birth	Carl Julius Evensen (1852 -- 1937) was a Norwegian shipmaster and explorer.	Carl Julius Evensen	1852
date of birth	Kim Myung-min (Hangul: 김명민, born 8 October 1972) is a South Korean actor most widely known for playing the title role in the KBS historical TV drama Immortal Admiral Yi Sun-shin.	Kim Myung-min	8 October 1972
date of birth	Philip Donnellan (9 February 1924 -- 15 February 1999) was an English documentary film-maker.	Philip Donnellan	9 February 1924
date of birth	Philip Osondu Mast (born, 28 November 1971) is a former Nigerian footballer.	Philip Osondu	28 November 1971
date of birth	Darko Marković (Serbian Cyrillic: Дарко Марковић, born 15 May 1987) is a Montenegrin footballer who last played for FK Zeta.	Darko Marković	15 May 1987
date of birth	Lada Negrul, (Russian: Лада Негруль, born April 18, 1972) is a Russian actress and poet.	Lada Negrul	1972
date of birth	Valerianus Magnus or Valeriano Magni (1586 -- July 20, 1661) was an Italian Capuchin, missionary preacher in Central Europe, polemist and author.	Valerianus Magnus	1586
date of birth	Gitte Haslebo (born 4 December 1943, Copenhagen) is a Danish scientist, author, and organisational psychologist who works as a consultant and offers training courses within a social constructionist framework.	Gitte Haslebo	4 December 1943
date of birth	Giles Martin (born 9 October 1969) is an English record producer, songwriter, composer and multi-instrumentalist.	Giles Martin	9 October 1969
date of birth	Lawrence Miles (born 15 March 1972 in Middlesex) is a science fiction author known for his work on original Doctor Who novels (for both the Virgin New Adventures and BBC Books series) and the subsequent spin-off Faction Paradox.	Lawrence Miles	15 March 1972
date of birth	David Martyn Lloyd-Jones (20 December 1899 -- 1 March 1981) was a Welsh Protestant minister, preacher and medical doctor who was influential in the Reformed wing of the British evangelical movement in the 20th century.	Martyn Lloyd-Jones	20 December 1899
date of birth	Ken Knabb (born 1945) is an American writer, translator, and radical theorist, known for his translations of Guy Debord and the Situationist International.	Ken Knabb	1945
date of birth	Hugo Diemer (1870--1937) was an American engineer, management consultant, and professor at the Penn State University, who in 1910 published the first industrial engineering textbook:	Hugo Diemer	1870
date of birth	John Colgan, O.F.M. (Irish Seán Mac Colgan; c. 1592 -- 15 January 1658), was an Irish Franciscan friar noted as a hagiographer and historian.	John Colgan	1592
date of birth	Sarah Radclyffe (born 14 November 1950), sometimes credited as Sarah Radcliffe is a British film producer.	Sarah Radclyffe	14 November 1950
date of birth	Brett Bowey (born 31 May 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian/Australian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Brett Bowey	31 May 1969
date of birth	Sun Dongdong (Chinese: 孙东东, born 20 December 1959) is the head of Peking University's forensics department, and also runs Peking University's judicial expertise centre.	Sun Dongdong	20 December 1959
date of birth	Andrew McKelvey (October 13, 1934 -- November 27, 2008) was an American business mogul and former chairman and chief executive of Monster Worldwide.	Andrew McKelvey	1934
date of birth	James Mishler (born in April, 1969) is an American writer and editor, working mostly in the adventure game and comic book industries.	James Mishler	1969
date of birth	Mahmut Özgener (born 1963 İzmir) has been the 38th president of the Turkish Football Federation.	Mahmut Özgener	1963
date of birth	Chen Lihua (simplified Chinese: 陈丽华; traditional Chinese: 陳麗華; born 1941), rendered Chan Laiwa in Cantonese, is the founder and chairman of Fuwah International Group, one of Beijing's largest commercial property developers.	Chen Lihua	1941
date of birth	Arlette Ben Hamo (née Moynié; born 22 March 1930) is a French former track and field athlete who competed in the women's pentathlon.	Arlette Ben Hamo	22 March 1930
date of birth	Dr. Robert Cane, was born in Kilkenny, Ireland in 1807.	Robert Cane	1807
date of birth	Humayra Abedin (born 2 March 1976) is a Bangladeshi doctor of medicine who worked for the National Health Service in the United Kingdom and became a cause célèbre after her parents tried to force her into marriage and held her captive until she was freed by court order.	Humayra Abedin	2 March 1976
date of birth	John Maire (1703--1771) was a leading English Roman Catholic conveyancer.	John Maire	1703
date of birth	Kurt Stallmann (born 1964) is an American composer who lives and works in Houston, Texas.	Kurt Stallmann	1964
date of birth	Miguel Francis (born 28 March 1995) is an Antiguan and Barbudan sprinter.	Miguel Francis	28 March 1995
date of birth	Floyd Salas (born 1931) is an American fiction writer and boxer.	Floyd Salas	1931
date of birth	Sarah Anne Curzon née Vincent (1833 -- November 6, 1898) was a Canadian poet, journalist, editor, and playwright who was one of ``the first women's rights activists and supporters of liberal feminism'' in Canada.	Sarah Anne Curzon	1833
date of birth	Mohamed Salama Badi (born 1966 in El Aaiun, Western Sahara) is the current Sahrawi ambassador to Timor-Leste.	Mohamed Salama Badi	1966
date of birth	Bonar Colleano (14 March 1924 -- 18 August 1958) was an American-born British stage and film actor.	Bonar Colleano	14 March 1924
date of birth	Yalçın Topçu (born 1957) is a Turkish politician and former bureaucrat who served as the Minister of Culture and Tourism in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu from 28 August to 17 November 2015.	Yalçın Topçu	1957
date of birth	Au Kam San (Chinese: 區錦新) (born 30 April 1957 in Macau with family roots in Xinxing, Guangdong, China) is a member of Legislative Assembly of Macau.	Au Kam San	30 April 1957
date of birth	Glenn Gordon Caron (born 1954) (sometimes credited as Glenn Caron) is an American television writer, director and producer, probably best known for the television series Moonlighting in the 1980s and Medium in the 2000s.	Glenn Gordon Caron	1954
date of birth	Rena Kirdar Sindi (born 1969) is an Iraqi author, socialite and party hostess.	Rena Kirdar Sindi	1969
date of birth	Vincenzo Zappalà (born 1945) is an Italian astronomer.	Vincenzo Zappalà	1945
date of birth	Betty Wei (born 1930) (Traditional Chinese: 魏白蒂) is a historian and a writer.	Betty Wei	1930
date of birth	Christian Geiger (born 29 March 1988) is an Australian skier and sighted guide for visually impaired skiers.	Christian Geiger	29 March 1988
date of birth	Donald Quan (born 1962) is a Canadian composer of film and world music, best known for writing the scores to television shows Relic Hunter and Mutant X.	Donald Quan	1962
date of birth	Gholamhossein Karbaschi (Persian: غلامحسین کرباسچی‎) (born 23 August 1954) is an Iranian politician who was the mayor of Tehran from 1989 until 1998.	Gholamhossein Karbaschi	23 August 1954
date of birth	Catherine of Brandenburg-Küstrin (10 August 1549 -- 30 September 1602) was a Margravine of Brandenburg-Küstrin by birth and Electress of Brandenburg by marriage.	Catherine of Brandenburg-Küstrin	10 August 1549
date of birth	Alice Acland was born on 3 February 1849 to Reverend Francis Macaulay Cunningham and Alice Charlotte Poore.	Alice Acland	3 February 1849
date of birth	Alibobo Rakhmatullaev (Uzbek: Алибобо Раҳматуллаев) (born 8 February 1991) is an Uzbek footballer.	Alibobo Rakhmatullaev	8 February 1991
date of birth	Ali Shettima Monguno (born 1926) is a Nigerian politician and former minister for Internal Affairs and Mines and Power.	Ali Shettima Monguno	1926
date of birth	Kwang-Chu Chao (Traditional Chinese: 趙廣緒; Simplified Chinese: 赵广绪; 1925-), is an American chemist and chemical engineer.	Kwang-Chu Chao	1925
date of birth	Stuart Thom (born 27 December 1976) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town, Oldham Athletic and Scunthorpe United.	Stuart Thom	27 December 1976
date of birth	Jordan Nobbs (born 8 December 1992) is an English footballer who plays for FA WSL club Arsenal Ladies.	Jordan Nobbs	8 December 1992
date of birth	Erika Stürmer-Alex (* 4. February 1938 in Wriezen) is a German artist whose works include wall paintings, panel paintings, printed graphics, collage sculptures, polyester sculptures and installations.	Erika Stürmer-Alex	4. February 1938
date of birth	Karlina Leksono Supelli (born in Jakarta 15 January 1958) is an Indonesian philosopher and astronomer.	Karlina Leksono Supelli	15 January 1958
date of birth	Ingun Brechan (born 16 April 1954) is a Norwegian sport rower.	Ingun Brechan	16 April 1954
date of birth	Darrell Till (born 1975 in Blackpool, Lancashire) is an English singer-songwriter, composer, and author.	Darrell Till	1975
date of birth	Steven L. Abrams (born in 1958 in Des Moines, Iowa) is an American politician.	Steven L. Abrams	1958
date of birth	Cillian Sheridan (born 23 February 1989) is an Irish professional footballer who plays for Omonia as a Forward.	Cillian Sheridan	23 February 1989
date of birth	Gary Tharaldson (born 1945) is an American entrepreneur and founder of the Tharaldson Companies.	Gary Tharaldson	1945
date of birth	Helen K. Garber (born 1954) is an American photographer known mostly for her black-and-white urban landscapes of cities including Los Angeles, San Francisco, New York, Paris, Amsterdam and Venice.	Helen K. Garber	1954
date of birth	Colum Sands (born 1951) is an Irish singer songwriter who made his first performances and recordings with The Sands Family of County Down.	Colum Sands	1951
date of birth	Hippolito Salviani (1514--1572) was an Italian physician, scholar and naturalist, noted for his Renaissance book Aquatilium animalium historiae, depicting hundreds of Mediterranean fish, some from Illyria, and a few mollusks.	Hippolito Salviani	1514
date of birth	Michael Biber (born July 1974 in Phoenix, AZ) is American technologist and industrialist.	Michael Biber	July 1974
date of birth	Christopher Catherwood (born 1 March 1955) is a British author based in Cambridge, England and, often, in Richmond, Virginia.	Christopher Catherwood	1 March 1955
date of birth	Sambaran Banerjee (born 1 November 1953) is a cricket coach, a columnist, TV analyst and was an administrator in the Cricket Association of Bengal.	Sambaran Banerjee	1 November 1953
date of birth	Putra Arifin Scheunemann (born 1 May 1987), known professionally as Arifin Putra, is an Indonesian actor.	Arifin Putra	1 May 1987
date of birth	Dr. Robert Kotler,M.D. FACS, born in 1942, is an American plastic surgeon.	Robert Kotler	1942
date of birth	Giannis Katemis (Greek: Γιάννης Κατεμής; born 28 May 1977) is a retired Greek professional football defender.	Giannis Katemis	28 May 1977
date of birth	John B. Frank (born 1956) is the Vice Chairman of Oaktree Capital Management, having previously served as Managing Principal.	John B. Frank	1956
date of birth	Silenoz (born Sven Atle Kopperud on 1 March 1977) is a Norwegian guitarist who is a founding member, along with Shagrath and Tjodalv, of the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir which he is the primary songwriter.	Silenoz	1 March 1977
date of birth	Josephine Jacobsen (19 August 1908 -- 9 July 2003) was an American poet, short story writer, and critic.	Josephine Jacobsen	19 August 1908
date of birth	David des Granges (baptised 1611, d. in or before c.1672) was an Anglo-French miniature painter.	David des Granges	1611
date of birth	Jin Guangping or Aisin-Gioro Hengxu (1899--1966) was a Chinese linguist of Manchu ethnicity who is known for his studies of the Jurchen and Khitan languages and scripts.	Jin Guangping	1899
date of birth	Jeffrey Ching (Chinese: 莊祖欣; pinyin: Zhuang Zŭxin; born 4 November 1965) is a British contemporary classical composer, born in the Philippines of Chinese parentage.	Jeffrey Ching	4 November 1965
date of birth	Bonnie Arnold (born 1955) is an American film producer who has worked at Walt Disney Feature Animation, Pixar Animation Studios and DreamWorks Animation.	Bonnie Arnold	1955
date of birth	Karl Gottfried Brunotte (born 2 June 1958 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German composer and music philosopher, particularly noted for his contributions to church music.	Karl Gottfried Brunotte	2 June 1958
date of birth	Marvin Potzmann (born 7 December 1993) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Marvin Potzmann	7 December 1993
date of birth	Sam Hewson (born 28 November 1988) is an English footballer who plays for Fimleikafélag Hafnarfjarðar in Iceland.	Sam Hewson	28 November 1988
date of birth	Thomas Brokesby (by 1483-1544 or later), of the Inner Temple, London and Leicester, was an English politician.	Thomas Brokesby	1483
date of birth	Wissam Ben Yedder (born 12 August 1990) is a French footballer who plays as a centre striker for Toulouse in Ligue 1.	Wissam Ben Yedder	12 August 1990
date of birth	Britt Hagedorn (born Britt Reinecke, 2 January 1972 in Hamburg) is a German model and she also leads the Talk Show Britt --	Britt Hagedorn	2 January 1972
date of birth	Curdin Morell (born 9 July 1963) is a Swiss bobsledder who competed in the late 1980s and the early 1990s.	Curdin Morell	9 July 1963
date of birth	Chang Deok-soo (10 December 1894 -- 2 December 1947) was a Korean politician, independence activist, journalist, and political scientist.	Chang Deok-soo	10 December 1894
date of birth	Martin Bosma (born 16 July 1964 in Wormer) is a Dutch politician and former journalist.	Martin Bosma	16 July 1964
date of birth	Matthew Head (born 2 November 1975 in Victoria, Australia) is a former Australian rules football umpire (Australian rules football) in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Matthew Head	2 November 1975
date of birth	Morten Skoubo (born 30 June 1980) is a retired Danish professional footballer who last played for Delhi Dynamos.	Morten Skoubo	30 June 1980
date of birth	Arthur Ashin (born 20 April 1982), better known by his stage name Autre Ne Veut, is an American singer-songwriter and musician from New York City.	Autre Ne Veut	1982
date of birth	Aida Overton Walker (14 February 1880 -- 11 October 1914), also billed as Ada Overton Walker and as ``The Queen of the Cakewalk'', was an African-American vaudeville performer and wife of vaudevillian George Walker.	Aida Overton Walker	14 February 1880
date of birth	René Carron (born 1942) is a former president and Chairman of the Board of the French banking group Crédit Agricole.	René Carron	1942
date of birth	Vincent Colyer (1825-- July 12, 1888) was an American artist noted for his images of the American West.	Vincent Colyer	1825
date of birth	Kandiah Neelakandan (Tamil: கந்தையா நீலகண்டன்; born 16 April 1947) is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer and the lead partner in Neelakandan & Neelakandan (previosly Murugesu and Neelakandan).	Kandiah Neelakandan	16 April 1947
date of birth	Jani Wickholm (born 20 September 1977, in Kerava) is a Finnish pop/rock singer.	Jani Wickholm	20 September 1977
date of birth	April Ashley, MBE (born 29 April 1935) is an English model and restaurant hostess.	April Ashley	29 April 1935
date of birth	Đuro Đaković (30 November 1886 in Slavonski Brod -- 25 April 1929) was a Yugoslav communist and revolutionary.	Đuro Đaković	30 November 1886
date of birth	Simon L. Leis, Jr. (born June 1934) is a lawyer and local official from Cincinnati, Ohio.	Simon L. Leis, Jr.	June 1934
date of birth	Jean-Marie Ulrich N'Nomo N'Gong (born 28 February 1996), commonly known simply as Ulrich N'Nomo, is a French footballer who plays for Châteauroux as a striker.	Ulrich N'Nomo	28 February 1996
date of birth	Tathagat Avatar Tulsi (born 9 September 1987) is an Indian physicist, best known as a child prodigy.	Tathagat Avatar Tulsi	9 September 1987
date of birth	Philip Jacob was born on 14 May 1875 in Seoni, India, was educated at Bedford School, at St. John's College, Cambridge between 1894 and 1897, and was a rugby blue in 1894, 1895 and 1896.	Philip Jacob	14 May 1875
date of birth	Anna Bogomazova (born 7 April 1990) is a Russian kickboxer, martial artist, professional wrestler and valet.	Anna Bogomazova	7 April 1990
date of birth	Dr. Prodosh Aich (1933--) is a retired Bengali-Indian professor, formerly of the University of Oldenburg, and the author of several books.	Prodosh Aich	1933
date of birth	Niall Patterson (born 2 January 1962) is a former hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Antrim senior team.	Niall Patterson	2 January 1962
date of birth	Thomas Benedict, Sr. (1617 -- February 28, 1689) was an early settler in colonial New York, and Connecticut.	Thomas Benedict	1617
date of birth	Ilija Lalević (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Лалевић; born 26 November 1987) is a Montenegrin football.	Ilija Lalević	26 November 1987
date of birth	Miss Polly Rae (born 8 July 1981) is a British singer and dancer who is one of the leading figures on the Neo-burlesque scene.	Miss Polly Rae	8 July 1981
date of birth	Waris Dirie (Somali: Waris Diiriye, Arabic: واريس ديري‎) (born in 1965) is a Somali model, author, actress and social activist.	Waris Dirie	1965
date of birth	Jürgen Bogs (born 19 January 1947 in Biesendahlshof) is a German football manager who managed Berliner FC Dynamo to ten consecutive DDR-Oberliga titles (1979--1988).	Jürgen Bogs	19 January 1947
date of birth	Carl Walker, GC (born 31 March 1934) is an English former police inspector who served in the Lancashire Constabulary until 1982 when he was forced to retire due to injuries sustained in a shooting in Blackpool, an incident after which he was awarded the George Cross.	Carl Walker	31 March 1934
date of birth	Ümit Cizre (born 1946) is a Turkish academic, and a leading expert on civilian-military relations in Turkey.	Ümit Cizre	1946
date of birth	Ted Corbett (born 1935), is an English cricket writer and sports journalist.	Ted Corbett	1935
date of birth	Wang Shizhu (Chinese: 王士筑; born 20 February 1989) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the hammer throw.	Wang Shizhu	20 February 1989
date of birth	Miriam Leyderman (born 1964 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a pageant titleholder.	Miriam Leyderman	1964
date of birth	Arthur Henry Seymour Clark (26 March 1902 at Weston-super-Mare -- 7 March 1995 at Weston-super-Mare), was a first-class cricketer who played five times for Somerset in the 1930 English cricket season and set a record that appears not to have been surpassed.	Seymour Clark	26 March 1902
date of birth	Lída Baarová (7 September 1914 -- 27 October 2000) was a Czech actress and mistress of Joseph Goebbels, Hitler's propaganda minister.	Lída Baarová	7 September 1914
date of birth	James Dietz (also known as Jim Dietz; born 1946) is a contemporary artist known for his portrayal of historical artwork, particularly of subjects from the First and Second World Wars.	James Dietz	1946
date of birth	Hal Crowther (born 1945) is an American journalist and essayist.	Hal Crowther	1945
date of birth	Alicia Luciano (born 1983) held the title of Miss New Jersey 2002 and competed in the Miss America 2003 Pageant held on September 21, 2002, in Atlantic City, New Jersey.	Alicia Luciano	1983
date of birth	Đuro Salaj (1889 -- May 20, 1958) was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia and the first president of the United Labour Unions of Yugoslavia.	Đuro Salaj	1889
date of birth	Gilbert Achcar (Arabic: جلبير الأشقر‎; born 1951) is a Lebanese academic, writer, and socialist.	Gilbert Achcar	1951
date of birth	Lagi Dyer (born 16 April 1972) is a Fijian former international footballer who played as a striker.	Lagi Dyer	16 April 1972
date of birth	Sitt Nyein Aye (Burmese: စစ်ငြိမ်းအေး, IPA: (sɪʔ ɲéiɴ ʔé); born 24 April 1956) is a Burmese artist.	Sitt Nyein Aye	24 April 1956
date of birth	David Bistricer (born 1949) is a New York-based real estate developer and the founder and principal of Clipper Equity.	David Bistricer	1949
date of birth	Abdulrazak Gurnah (born 1948 in Zanzibar) is a Tanzanian novelist based in the United Kingdom.	Abdulrazak Gurnah	1948
date of birth	Tatiana Shevtsova (Russian: Татьяна Шевцова born 1969) is a Russian Deputy Minister of Defence and Order of Honour recipient.	Tatiana Shevtsova	1969
date of birth	Danijay (born Daniele Zaffiri, 19 April 1977) is an Italian Italo dance DJ and artist.	Danijay	19 April 1977
date of birth	Katarina Marinič (30 October 1899 -- 2 September 2010) was a Slovenian supercentenarian.	Katarina Marinič	30 October 1899
date of birth	Graeme Bradley (born 20 March 1964) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 1990s.	Graeme Bradley	20 March 1964
date of birth	Rishab Aiyer Ghosh (born 1975) is a journalist, computer scientist and Open-source software advocate.	Rishab Aiyer Ghosh	1975
date of birth	Nils Palme (26 February 1895 -- 6 January 1963) was a Swedish military and landowner.	Nils Palme	26 February 1895
date of birth	Michael Charlton (born 1 May 1927 in Sydney, Australia) is an Australian-born journalist and broadcaster who worked for the BBC in the United Kingdom for many years.	Michael Charlton	1 May 1927
date of birth	Dalius Čekuolis (born 29 March 1959) is a Lithuanian career diplomat who is Lithuania's Permanent Representative to the UN since 2006.	Dalius Čekuolis	29 March 1959
date of birth	J. Frederick Kelly (1888--1947) was an American architect who has designed significant houses.	J. Frederick Kelly	1888
date of birth	Michael Tidser (born 15 January 1990) is a Scottish football player, currently back playing at Greenock Morton after playing for Rotherham United.	Michael Tidser	15 January 1990
date of birth	Thomas Rymer Jones, FRS (1810 -- 10 October 1880) was an English surgeon, academic and zoologist.	Thomas Rymer Jones	1810
date of birth	Paul Pratt (25 November 1894 -- 8 May 1967) was a Canadian clarinetist, pianist, conductor, music educator, composer, and public administrator.	Paul Pratt	25 November 1894
date of birth	Charles Venn (born 24 June 1973), formerly known by the stage names Chucky Venice and Chucky Venn, is an English actor, known for his roles as Ray Dixon in EastEnders, Jacob Masters in Casualty, Curtis Alexander in Sky One's Dream Team and Tremaine Gidigbi in Footballers' Wives.	Charles Venn	24 June 1973
date of birth	Robert Acquafresca (Italian pronunciation: (ˈrɔːbert akkwaˈfreska); born 11 September 1987) is an Italian footballer who plays for Bologna as a striker.	Robert Acquafresca	11 September 1987
date of birth	Mátyás Korányi (also known as Mátyás Kronenberger; born 1910) was a Hungarian international footballer who played professionally in France for Olympique Lillois.	Mátyás Korányi	1910
date of birth	Selina Chow Liang Shuk-yee, GBS, JP (Chinese: 周梁淑怡) (born 25 January 1945, Hong Kong) was a member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong and the Legislative Council of Hong Kong.	Selina Chow	25 January 1945
date of birth	Jürgen Jasperneite (born 1964 in Nieheim, Germany) is a German electrical Engineer and Professor for Computer networks at the OWL University in Lemgo, North Rhine-Westphalia.	Jürgen Jasperneite	1964
date of birth	Guillermo Schmidhuber de la Mora (born 1943) is a Mexican author, playwright, and critic.	Guillermo Schmidhuber	1943
date of birth	Marylène Dosse (born 23 October 1939) is a French-born American classical pianist.	Marylène Dosse	23 October 1939
date of birth	Jake Cook (born 19 June 1993) is a British racing driver, currently competing in the Protyre Formula Renault Championship for Hillspeed.	Jake Cook	19 June 1993
date of birth	Guy Berthiaume (born 1950) is a Canadian historian specialized in the study of Classical Antiquity.	Guy Berthiaume	1950
date of birth	Thérèse Kuoh-Moukouri (born 7 February 1938) is a prominent French feminist and author.	Thérèse Kuoh-Moukouri	7 February 1938
date of birth	Florence Jaugey (born 22 June 1959) is a French movie director, actress, producer, and screenwriter who lives in Nicaragua.	Florence Jaugey	22 June 1959
date of birth	Keren Yedaya (Hebrew: קרן ידעיה‎; born in 1972) is an Israeli filmmaker.	Keren Yedaya	1972
date of birth	Nie Yuan (born 17 March 1978) is a Chinese actor best known for his numerous television performances, some of his more notable roles include:	Nie Yuan	17 March 1978
date of birth	Juan Carlo Calma (born 22 May 1981) is a newly-emerging young Filipino visual artist and architect.	Juan Carlo Calma	22 May 1981
date of birth	Valerie Wohlfeld, (b. 1956 in Sacramento, California) is an American poet.	Valerie Wohlfeld	1956
date of birth	Andrea Bovo (born 14 May 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays for Salernitana in Serie B.	Andrea Bovo	14 May 1986
date of birth	Laurent Brunet (born 1967) is a French César Award-winning cinematographer for Séraphine (2008) by Martin Provost.	Laurent Brunet	1967
date of birth	Abraham Scultetus (24 August 1566 -- 24 October 1625) was a German professor of theology, and the court preacher for the Elector of the Palatinate Frederick V.	Abraham Scultetus	24 August 1566
date of birth	Javed Bashir (born 8 August 1973) is a Pakistani playback singer who is known as master of Hindustani classical music.	Javed Bashir	8 August 1973
date of birth	Shumi Dechasa (born 28 May 1989) is an Ethiopian-born Bahraini long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Shumi Dechasa	28 May 1989
date of birth	Solomon Luria (1510 -- November 7, 1573) (Hebrew: שלמה לוריא) was one of the great Ashkenazic poskim (decisors of Jewish law) and teachers of his time.	Solomon Luria	1510
date of birth	Thomas Trenchard, 2nd Viscount Trenchard MC (15 December 1923 -- 1987) was a hereditary peer and junior minister in Margaret Thatcher's Conservative government from 1979 to 1983.	Thomas Trenchard, 2nd Viscount Trenchard	15 December 1923
date of birth	Driss Ouadahi (born 1959 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a contemporary Algerian painter and architect who trained, works, and lives in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Driss Ouadahi	1959
date of birth	Anastas Kristo (born 5 July 1985) is an Albanian footballer, currently playing for Victorian Premier League team Moreland Zebras.	Anastas Kristo	5 July 1985
date of birth	Dianne Smith (born 1965) is an abstract painter, sculptor, and installation artist.	Dianne Smith	1965
date of birth	Fiona Stephens (born 1986) is a camogie player and student.	Fiona Stephens	1986
date of birth	William Michael Johnston (born 1936), known as Will Johnston, is an American historian whose field is European intellectual history.	Will Johnston	1936
date of birth	Frank Ochberg, MD (born 1940), is an acclaimed psychiatrist, a pioneer in trauma science, an educator and the editor of the first text on the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).	Frank Ochberg	1940
date of birth	William Segal (1904--2000) was an American magazine publisher and self-taught artist whose work often reflected his interest in Eastern philosophies and religions.	William Segal	1904
date of birth	Alvaro Vitali (Italian pronunciation: (alˈvaːro viˈtaːli); born 3 February 1950) is an Italian actor.	Alvaro Vitali	3 February 1950
date of birth	Terry Starr (born March 1951) is a Tsimshian Nation artist from the Gispaxlo'ots tribe of British Columbia, Canada.	Terry Starr	March 1951
date of birth	Ann Hodgman (born 1956) is an American author of more than forty children's books as well as several cookbooks and humor books and many magazine articles.	Ann Hodgman	1956
date of birth	William S. Simon (born 1960) was President and Chief Executive Officer of Walmart U.S. and Executive Vice-President of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from June 29, 2010 to August 8, 2014.	William S. Simon	1960
date of birth	Henry Wilson Cook (born 1949), widely known as Harry Cook, is a British martial artist, teacher, and author.	Harry Cook	1949
date of birth	Kader Klouchi (born on 1 June 1969 in Tipaza, Algeria) was a French Olympic long jumper.	Kader Klouchi	1 June 1969
date of birth	Sasha Jackson (born 1 August 1988) is a British actress from Windsor, Berkshire, currently based in Los Angeles.	Sasha Jackson	1 August 1988
date of birth	Charles Bach (born 5 June 1970) is an international illusionist, magician and escape artist.	Charles Bach	5 June 1970
date of birth	Volodymyr Selivanov or Vladimir Selivanov (Ukrainian: Володимир Миколайович Селіванов; born 5 November 1945 in Izhevsk, Soviet Union, now Russia) is a Ukrainian jurist, researcher and statesman.	Volodymyr Selivanov	5 November 1945
date of birth	Deborah Elizabeth Vavasseur Barnes (born 6 October 1956), known since her marriage as Deborah Barnes-Jones, is a British diplomat and administrator.	Deborah Barnes-Jones	6 October 1956
date of birth	Pasqual Sanchis Moscardó (El Genovés, 1963) was a Valencian pilota professional player known as Pigat II. Son of the Raspall player Pigat I and brother of Pigat III, Pasqual has been a renowned ``dauer'' in the Escala i corda variety.	Pasqual Sanchis Moscardó	1963
date of birth	Guccio Gucci (26 March 1881 -- 2 January 1953) was an Italian businessman and fashion designer, the founder of The House of Gucci.	Guccio Gucci	26 March 1881
date of birth	Mary Martha Sherwood (née Butt; 6 May 1775 -- 22 September 1851) was a prolific and influential writer of children's literature in 19th-century Britain.	Mary Martha Sherwood	6 May 1775
date of birth	Sudipto Chatterjee (Bengali: সুদীপ্ত চট্টোপাধ্যায়; born: 26 July 1964) is an Indian performance scholar actor, playwright and poet.	Sudipto Chatterjee	26 July 1964
date of birth	Naftali Blumenthal (Hebrew: נפתלי בלומנטל‎, born 1 March 1922) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984.	Naftali Blumenthal	1 March 1922
date of birth	Sanjaya Lall (13 December 1940 -- 18 June 2005), was a development economist, Professor of Economics and Fellow of Green Templeton College, Oxford University.	Sanjaya Lall	13 December 1940
date of birth	Derrick Crothers (born 24 June 1942) is a Northern Irish mathematician, physicist and former politician.	Derrick Crothers	24 June 1942
date of birth	Muhammed Mert (born 9 February 1995) is a Belgian professional football player who plays for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Muhammed Mert	9 February 1995
date of birth	Herb Curtis (born 1949) is a Canadian novelist and humourist who writes about and has long lived in New Brunswick.	Herb Curtis	1949
date of birth	Princess Julia (born Julia Fodor, 1960) is an English DJ and music writer.	Princess Julia	1960
date of birth	Graeme Goodall (1932 -- 3 December 2014) was an Australian recording engineer and record label owner who was a key figure in the early days of Jamaica's recording industry, constructing several of the Island's studios, co-founding Island Records, and operating other labels in the United Kingdom releasing Jamaican music.	Graeme Goodall	1932
date of birth	Lucy Ogechukwu Ejike (born 16 October 1977) is a Nigerian powerlifter.	Lucy Ogechukwu Ejike	16 October 1977
date of birth	Dennis Kipruto Kimetto or Dennis Kipruto Koech (born 22 January 1984) is a Kenyan long distance runner who competes in road running events.	Dennis Kipruto Kimetto	22 January 1984
date of birth	Zhu Qinglai (simplified Chinese: 诸青来; traditional Chinese: 諸青來; pinyin: Zhū Qīnglái; Wade--Giles: Chu Ching-lai; born 1881 in Shanghai) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Zhu Qinglai	1881
date of birth	Professor Jonathan Unger (born 1946) is a journalist and an expert on China.	Jonathan Unger	1946
date of birth	Jean-Claude Bastos de Morais (born 1967 in Fribourg) is an internationally active Swiss-Angolan entrepreneur and investor and has founded and led numerous businesses over the course of his career.	Jean-Claude Bastos de Morais	1967
date of birth	Linsey Dawn McKenzie (born 7 August 1978 in Brent, Middlesex) is an English glamour model, pornographic performer, and television personality who made her topless modelling debut in the Sunday Sport tabloid newspaper on her 16th birthday in 1994.	Linsey Dawn McKenzie	7 August 1978
date of birth	Taj Burrow (born 2 June 1978) is an Australian professional surfer who, as of March 2014, is competing in the ASP World Tour.	Taj Burrow	2 June 1978
date of birth	Daniela Samulski (born 31 May 1984) is a retired German swimmer who won three medals at the 2009 World Championships.	Daniela Samulski	31 May 1984
date of birth	Chris Giannou, CM (born 1949) is a Greek Canadian war surgeon and served chief surgeon for the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) until December 2006.	Chris Giannou	1949
date of birth	John Ripley Forbes (25 August 1913--26 August 2006) was an American naturalist and conservationist who founded hundreds of nature museums for children in over 200 communities and thirty states.	John Ripley Forbes	25 August 1913
date of birth	Ieva Gaile (born 26 January 1997) and her twin sister Kristine Gaile are Latvian figure skaters.	Ieva Gaile	26 January 1997
date of birth	George Eric Mackay (1851-1898) was an English minor poet, now remembered as the sponging half-brother of Marie Corelli, the best-selling novelist.	Eric Mackay	1851
date of birth	Robert Shearman (also credited as Rob Shearman; born 10 February 1970 near London, England) is an English television, radio, stage play and short story writer.	Robert Shearman	10 February 1970
date of birth	Keron Thomas (c. 1975 -- July 22, 2013) is primarily known for posing as New York City Subway motorman ``Regoberto Sabio'' on May 8, 1993, and operating an A train in revenue service for over three hours, when he was sixteen years old.	Keron Thomas	1975
date of birth	Edward Hawke Locker (9 October 1777, East Malling, Kent - 16 October 1849, Iver, Buckinghamshire) was an English watercolourist (producing works now in the V&A and British Museum) and administrator of the Royal Naval Hospital, Greenwich.	Edward Hawke Locker	9 October 1777
date of birth	Lewis Disney Fytche (9 October 1738 -- 1822), originally Lewis Disney, often known after his marriage as Disney Fytche, was an English radical and landowner.	Lewis Disney Fytche	9 October 1738
date of birth	Anthony Corrie (born in Darwin, 22 June 1984) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who had a 56-game Australian Football League (AFL) career.	Anthony Corrie	22 June 1984
date of birth	Maria Pia Conte (born 10 March 1944) is an Italian former actress.	Maria Pia Conte	10 March 1944
date of birth	Manuel Marras (born 9 July 1993) is an Italian footballer who plays for the third division club Südtirol.	Manuel Marras	9 July 1993
date of birth	Joern Meissner (born 1970) is a German academic, business consultant, entrepreneur and Professor of Supply Chain Management & Pricing Strategy at Kühne Logistics University in Hamburg.	Joern Meissner	1970
date of birth	Ubaldo Vitali (born 1944) is an American silversmith, and conservator.	Ubaldo Vitali	1944
date of birth	Marko Lasica (born 30 April 1988) is a Montenegrin handball player for Romanian handball club CH Politehnica Timișoara and the Montenegrin national team.	Marko Lasica	30 April 1988
date of birth	David McLeish (born 21 February 1950) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Melbourne in the VFL during the 1970s.	David McLeish	21 February 1950
date of birth	Sredoje Lukić (born 5 April 1961, Rujiste, Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Serb war criminal.	Sredoje Lukić	5 April 1961
date of birth	Oluf Høst (1884--1966) was a Danish Expressionist painter, the only member of the Bornholm school who was a native Bornholmer.	Oluf Høst	1884
date of birth	Malcolm George Baker (born 13 August 1947) is an Australian spree killer from Terrigal, New South Wales, currently serving six sentences of life imprisonment for the shooting massacre of six people in Terrigal, Bateau Bay and Wyong on the evening of 27 October 1992 (known as the Central Coast massacre).	Malcolm George Baker	13 August 1947
date of birth	Nina Carter (born Penelope Jane Mallet on 4 October 1952) is an English former 1970s Page 3 girl and occasional singer.	Nina Carter	4 October 1952
date of birth	George Howard Michell AC (3 August 1913 - June 26, 2012) was an Australian wool merchant, industrialist and philanthropist.	Howard Michell	3 August 1913
date of birth	James Bartholomew Blackwell (1763 - unknown) was an Irish born mercenary and French Army officer serving the First French Republic and later under Napoleon.	James Bartholomew Blackwell	1763
date of birth	Sigismund Ernst Richard Krone was a German naturalist, zoologist, spelunker, archaeologist and researcher born on 18 June 1861 in Dresden, Germany.	Sigismund Ernst Richard Krone	18 June 1861
date of birth	John Antwi Duku (born 6 August 1992) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for the Egyptian side Al Ahly SC in the Egyptian Premier League as a Striker.	John Antwi	6 August 1992
date of birth	Gabor G. Gyukics (May 9, 1958)is a Hungarian American poet and literary translator, has been living in the United States since 1988.	Gabor G. Gyukics	1958
date of birth	Gregory C. Case (born 1963) is the Chief Executive Officer of Aon plc and has held this position since April 2005.	Gregory C. Case	1963
date of birth	Alexis Lemaire (born 1980) is a mental calculation world record holder.	Alexis Lemaire	1980
date of birth	Jennifer Belle (born 1968) is an American novelist, based in New York City.	Jennifer Belle	1968
date of birth	John Markie (born 16 December 1944) is a Scottish former footballer, who played as a central defender.	John Markie	16 December 1944
date of birth	Daniel Gerdes (Latin: Gerdesius) (19 April 1698 -- 11 February 1765) was a German Calvinist theologian and historian.	Daniel Gerdes	1698
date of birth	Roberto D'Aversa (born 12 August 1975) is a former Italian football player and current coach.	Roberto D'Aversa	12 August 1975
date of birth	Douglas Bourgeois (born 1951) is an American sculptor and figurative painter who was born in Gonzales, Louisiana and grew up in St. Amant, Louisiana.	Douglas Bourgeois	1951
date of birth	Theodorich Canisius (1532, Nijmegen -- 27 September 1606, Ingolstadt) was a Jesuit academic.	Theodorich Canisius	1532
date of birth	Michel Goldman (born 1 January 1955) is a Belgian medical doctor who specialized in internal medicine and immunology.	Michel Goldman	1 January 1955
date of birth	Eve Morey (born 4 June 1983) is an Australian actress best known for playing Sonya Mitchell in the soap opera Neighbours.	Eve Morey	4 June 1983
date of birth	Azar Shiva (in Persian: آذر شیوا; born in 1940) is an Iranian actress.	Azar Shiva	1940
date of birth	Taher Elgamal (Arabic: طاهر الجمل) (born 18 August 1955) is an Egyptian cryptographer.	Taher Elgamal	18 August 1955
date of birth	Eli Elbaz (Hebrew: אלי אלבז born 21 January 1992) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Haifa.	Eli Elbaz	21 January 1992
date of birth	Nguyễn Hữu Bài (28 September 1863 -- 10 July 1935) was a Minister of the Interior in the Royal Court of Emperor Bảo Đại.	Nguyễn Hữu Bài	28 September 1863
date of birth	Abdullah Sadiq, PhD, SI (born 1940), is a Pakistani physicist and ICTP laureate who received the ICTP Prize in the honour of Nikolay Bogolyubov, in the fields of Mathematics and Solid State Physics in 1987 for his contributions to scientific knowledge in the field of Mathematics and Statistical physics.	Abdullah Sadiq	1940
date of birth	Gunnar Sauer (born 11 June 1964) is a German retired footballer who played as a central defender, most notably with Werder Bremen.	Gunnar Sauer	11 June 1964
date of birth	Antoine Balland (27 August 1751 -- 3 November 1821) commanded a French infantry division during the early years of the French Revolutionary Wars.	Antoine Balland	27 August 1751
date of birth	Bryant Fleming (1877 -- September 19, 1946) was a Buffalo, New York-born landscape architect.	Bryant Fleming	1877
date of birth	Václav Cílek (born 11 May 1955) is Czech geologist, climatologist, writer, philosopher, science popularizer and translator of Tao and Zen texts.	Václav Cílek	1955
date of birth	Samuel Fraunces (circa 1722, West Indies -- October 10, 1795, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American restaurateur and owner/operator of Fraunces Tavern in New York City.	Samuel Fraunces	1722
date of birth	Ellen Pence (1948 -- January 6, 2012) was a scholar and a social activist.	Ellen Pence	1948
date of birth	Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 9th Baronet (18 April 1752 -- 17 May 1794) of Killerton in Devon and Holnicote in Somerset, was a prominent landowner and member of the West Country gentry.	Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, 9th Baronet	18 April 1752
date of birth	Antonio Bioni (1698--1739) was an Italian composer best known for his operas.	Antonio Bioni	1698
date of birth	Born 30 September 1929 in the village of Smokovo in Karditsa regional unit, Vassilis Papazachos studied physics in the University of Athens, Greece.	Vassilis Papazachos	30 September 1929
date of birth	Angel Jordanov Kapsov (Bulgarian: Ангел Йорданов Капсов; 1957--2014) was a Bulgarian Chalga (pop-folk) singer of Romani descent.	Angel Jordanov Kapsov	1957
date of birth	Tommy Crow (30 June 1887 -- 26 May 1958) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon and Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Tommy Crow	30 June 1887
date of birth	Fabrice Jeandesboz (born 4 December 1984) is a professional French road and former track cyclist, currently riding for Team Europcar.	Fabrice Jeandesboz	4 December 1984
date of birth	Joel Rivera (born October 24, 1978) is a former Majority Leader of the New York City Council.	Joel Rivera	1978
date of birth	Ahmed Hussain Macan Markar (29 December 1893 - 23 August 1984) was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) lawyer, politician and philanthropist.	Ahmed Hussain Macan Markar	29 December 1893
date of birth	Douglas Sloan Harlan, known as Doug Harlan (1943 -- November 8, 2008), was a lawyer, Republican political consultant, journalist, scholar, educator, and local official from San Antonio, Texas.	Doug Harlan	1943
date of birth	Donald J. Harrington, C.M. (born 1945), is an American Catholic priest of the Congregation of the Mission who served as the fifteenth President of St. John's University in Queens, New York from 1989 until 2013.	Donald J. Harrington	1945
date of birth	Chrystalief (born 6 April 1975) is a Norwegian, musician, songwriter, producer.	Chrystalief	6 April 1975
date of birth	Yella Rottländer (born 1964) is a German television and film actress as well as costume designer.	Yella Rottländer	1964
date of birth	Francesco Ciullo (Marghera, 30 September 1979) is an Italian professional football player.	Francesco Ciullo	30 September 1979
date of birth	Krishnahari Baral (born 4 January 1954) is a Nepali lyricist, songwriter, poet, literary critic, and author who is professor of Nepali at Central Department of Nepali, Tribhuwan University, Kathmandu.	Krishnahari Baral	4 January 1954
date of birth	Amelia Marzec (born 1980) is an American Interactive Artist based in New York.	Amelia Marzec	1980
date of birth	David Howard Adeney (3 November 1911 -- 11 May 1994) was a British Protestant Christian missionary and university evangelist in China and East Asia.	David Howard Adeney	1911
date of birth	Connor Menadue (born 19 September 1996) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Connor Menadue	19 September 1996
date of birth	Elif Doğan Türkmen (born 1 January 1962) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP), who has served as a Member of Parliament for Adana since 7 June 2015.	Elif Doğan Türkmen	1 January 1962
date of birth	Eugen Matiughin (born 31 October 1981) is a Moldovan international footballer who last played for Dinamo-Auto Tiraspol.	Eugen Matiughin	31 October 1981
date of birth	Rüştü Pasha or Rushdi Pasha (Turkish: Rüştü Paşa, 1872 -- July 13, 1926) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Rüştü Pasha	1872
date of birth	Mark Handforth (born in Hong Kong 1969) is a sculptor based in Miami, Florida.	Mark Handforth	1969
date of birth	Mohammad Jafar Moradi (Persian: محمدجعفر مرادی‎, born 10 April 1990) is an Iranian long distance runner who specialises in the marathon.	Mohammad Jafar Moradi	10 April 1990
date of birth	Brian Pankey (born 1976 in Springfield, Illinois) is a juggler and entertainer who holds 2,400 records.	Brian Pankey	1976
date of birth	Mochamad Ridwan Kamil (born 4 October 1971) or known by his nickname Emil, is the incumbent Mayor of Bandung.	Ridwan Kamil	4 October 1971
date of birth	Finnur Ingólfsson (born 8 August 1954) is an Icelandic politician and former government minister.	Finnur Ingólfsson	8 August 1954
date of birth	Ernest Harold Pickering (1881 -- 31 January 1957) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament for the Leicester West constituency.	Ernest Harold Pickering	1881
date of birth	Nikolaos Tsipouras was born on 1 June 1880 (O.S.) in the village of Platanos, in Nafpaktia.	Nikolaos Tsipouras	1 June 1880
date of birth	Nicolás Echevarría (born 8 August 1947) is a Mexican film director and cinematographer.	Nicolás Echevarría	8 August 1947
date of birth	James Barss (1782 -- November 24, 1863) was a ship owner, sea captain, merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia.	James Barss	1782
date of birth	James Apjohn (1 September 1796 -- 2 June 1886) was the Irish chemist known for the discovery of new minerals.	James Apjohn	1 September 1796
date of birth	Sir Vincent Fean KCVO (born 20 November 1952) is a British diplomat.	Vincent Fean	20 November 1952
date of birth	Derek Charke (born in 1974) is a Canadian classical composer and flutist.	Derek Charke	1974
date of birth	Kate Braverman (born 1950 Philadelphia) is an American novelist, short story writer, and poet.	Kate Braverman	1950
date of birth	Mahlagha Jambozorg (Persian: مه‌لقا جام‌بزرگ‎, born 15 August 1991) is an Iranian sports shooter.	Mahlagha Jambozorg	15 August 1991
date of birth	Robin Sundin (born 28 June 1983) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Hammarby IF Bandy as a midfielder.	Robin Sundin	28 June 1983
date of birth	Aykut Anhan (born 16 December 1985) known as Haftbefehl (meaning ``arrest warrant'' in German) is a German rapper of Kurdish/Turkish descent born in Offenbach.	Haftbefehl	16 December 1985
date of birth	Lúcio Wagner Freitas de Souza, known simply as Lúcio Wagner (born 15 June 1976), is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a left-back.	Lúcio Wagner	15 June 1976
date of birth	Petr Málek (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtr̩ ˈmaːlɛk); born 26 November 1961 in Moravský Krumlov) is a Czech sport shooter.	Petr Málek	26 November 1961
date of birth	J. Brent Bill (born 1951 in Columbus, Ohio) is an American author who now lives in Mooresville, Indiana.	J. Brent Bill	1951
date of birth	Maichel J. Marchese (born 29 July 1988) is an Italian assistant director and producer.	Maichel J. Marchese	29 July 1988
date of birth	Yogi Cameron Alborzian (born 26 February 1967) is a British-Iranian yoga and Ayurveda therapist and former fashion model.	Cameron Alborzian	26 February 1967
date of birth	Cees Groot (29 June 1932 -- 13 March 1988) was a Dutch footballer who played for Heerenveen, Stormvogels, Ajax, Zaanstreek and the Pittsburgh Phantoms during his career.	Cees Groot	29 June 1932
date of birth	Per Schwab (17 August 1911 -- 2 August 1970) was a Swedish / Norwegian painter, scenographer and theatre director.	Per Schwab	1911
date of birth	Anna Ksok (born 29 September 1983 in Wrocław) is a retired Polish athlete specialising in the high jump.	Anna Ksok	29 September 1983
date of birth	Alistair Lord (born 9 April 1940) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong during the late 1950s to the mid-1960s.	Alistair Lord	9 April 1940
date of birth	Gilah Yelin Hirsch, (born 1944, Montreal, Quebec, Canada); is a multi-disciplinary artist who works as a painter, writer, theorist, photographer, filmmaker and lecturer.	Gilah Yelin Hirsch	1944
date of birth	Johann Heinrich Baumann (Latvian: Johans Heinrihs Baumanis; 9 February 1753 -- 29 July 1832) was a Baltic German artist who mainly lived and worked in what is today Latvia.	Johann Heinrich Baumann	9 February 1753
date of birth	Yemi Akinseye George, SAN (born 1963) is a Nigerian professor of public law and president of the Center for Socio-Legal Studies.	Yemi Akinseye George	1963
date of birth	Eileen Buckholtz, née Garber (b. 1949) was a United States novelist to from 1982 to 1997.	Eileen Buckholtz	1949
date of birth	Abdullah Ali Sultan Ahmed (Arabic: عبدالله سلطان‎) (born on 1 October 1963) is a UAE football (soccer) player who played as a midfielder for the UAE national football team and Al Khaleej Club club in Sharjah.	Abdullah Ali Sultan	1 October 1963
date of birth	Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze (18 January 1963 -- 30 December 2007) was a Nigerian-born American philosopher.	Emmanuel Chukwudi Eze	18 January 1963
date of birth	MaVynee Betsch, christened Marvyne Elisabeth Betsch (January 13, 1935--September 5,2005), was an American environmentalist and an activist.	MaVynee Betsch	1935
date of birth	Mário João Sousa Alves (born 6 June 1935), known as Mário João, is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a right or left back.	Mário João	6 June 1935
date of birth	Lap Shun Hui (Chinese: 許立信; Cantonese Yale: Héui Laahp-seun; born 1955), also known as John Hui, is a Chinese American tech entrepreneur.	Lap Shun Hui	1955
date of birth	Pierre Bensusan (born 30 October 1957) is a French-Algerian guitarist.	Pierre Bensusan	30 October 1957
date of birth	Henry Fairs (born 1976) is an English organist.	Henry Fairs	1976
date of birth	Sonny Melendrez (born 1946) is an American radio personality.	Sonny Melendrez	1946
date of birth	Glen McCoy (born 10 April 1954) is a writer, speaker and business coach.	Glen McCoy	10 April 1954
date of birth	Martin Kirketerp Ibsen (born 13 July 1982) is a Danish sailor in the 49er class who sails with Jonas Warrer.	Martin Kirketerp	13 July 1982
date of birth	Alexander Lipmann-Kessel, MBE, MC, FRCS (19 December 1914 -- 5 June 1986), was a famous orthopaedic surgeon, and wartime medical officer, often known by his nickname of Lippy.	Alexander Lipmann-Kessel	19 December 1914
date of birth	Anzhela Atroshchenko-Kinet (Belarusian: Анжэла Атрошчанка, Russian: Анжела Атрощенко, born 14 October 1970 ) is a former Turkish athlete of Belarusian descent.	Anzhela Atroshchenko	14 October 1970
date of birth	Frederick Vivian Simpson, known as Vivian Simpson (23 August 1903 - 1977) was a politician in Northern Ireland.	Vivian Simpson	23 August 1903
date of birth	Sir Walter Paveley KG (1319--1375) was an English knight from Kent, a Knight Founder of the Order of the Garter.	Walter Paveley	1319
date of birth	Dorothy Kitson (1531 -- 1577) later, Dorothy, Lady Pakington, was the daughter of Sir Thomas Kitson, a wealthy London merchant and the builder of Hengrave Hall in Suffolk.	Dorothy Kitson	1531
date of birth	Tim Howar (born 24 November 1969 in Spirit River, Alberta) is a Canadian actor, singer and dancer, known as a London-based rock vocalist with Mike + the Mechanics.	Tim Howar	1969
date of birth	Zhu Mingguo (born May 1957) is a former Chinese politician of Li ethnic heritage who spent his career in Guangdong, Hainan, and Chongqing.	Zhu Mingguo	May 1957
date of birth	Adolf Piwarski (1817--1870) was a Polish miniaturist painter and graphic artist .	Adolf Piwarski	1817
date of birth	Fidelis Oyakhilome (born 13 April 1939) was military governor of Rivers State from January 1984 until August 1986 during the administrations of Generals Muhammadu Buhari and Ibrahim Babangida.	Fidelis Oyakhilome	13 April 1939
date of birth	Valeen Montenegro Vicente (born 10 June 1990), commonly known for her stage name as Valeen Montenegro, is a Filipina actress.	Valeen Montenegro	10 June 1990
date of birth	Ofer Shitrit (born 12 July 1970) is a retired Israeli footballer and currently an active beach footballer .	Ofer Shitrit	12 July 1970
date of birth	Walter Kidd (born 10 March 1958) is a former Scottish professional football player, who played most of his career as right-back for Heart of Midlothian In total, he represented Hearts as a player for 15 years and was a firm favourite with the Hearts support.	Walter Kidd	10 March 1958
date of birth	Miriam Escofet (born 1967) is a portrait painter living and working in England.	Miriam Escofet	1967
date of birth	Ray Pilgrim (born 1936, London, England) was one of the most prolific big band singers, radio broadcasters, recording and session singers in Britain in the late 1950s and early 1960s.	Ray Pilgrim	1936
date of birth	Wu Zhongxin, or Wu Chung-hsin (traditional Chinese: 吳忠信; simplified Chinese: 吴忠信; pinyin: Wú Zhōngxìn; March 15, 1884 -- December 16, 1959) was a General and government official of the Republic of China.	Wu Zhongxin	1884
date of birth	Edward Davy Wedge (1777--1852), brother of John Helder Wedge, became a colonist in Van Diemen's Land and the Port Phillip District of Australia.	Edward Davy Wedge	1777
date of birth	Peter Blusch (born 11 June 1942 as Peter Bluskowicz) is a former German footballer.	Peter Blusch	11 June 1942
date of birth	Lorna Tonks (born 8 December 1988) is an English-born Australian breaststroke swimmer.	Lorna Tonks	8 December 1988
date of birth	Shah Rukh Khan (born Shahrukh Khan, 2 November 1965), also known as SRK, is an Indian film actor, producer and television personality.	Shah Rukh Khan	2 November 1965
date of birth	Shaan Rahman (born 30 December 1979) is an Indian music composer and singer, best known for his compositions in Malayalam cinema, with films such as Ee Pattanathil Bhootham, Malarvaadi Arts Club, Thattathin Marayathu, and Om Shanthi Oshaana.	Shaan Rahman	30 December 1979
date of birth	Vassilis Palaiokostas (Greek: Βασίλης Παλαιοκώστας); born 1966 at Moschofyto, Trikala regional unit is a Greek fugitive who escaped by helicopter twice from the Greek high-security Korydallos prison while serving a 25-year sentence for kidnapping and robbery.	Vassilis Palaiokostas	1966
date of birth	Henry Mollicone (born 1946) is an American composer and musical instructor.	Henry Mollicone	1946
date of birth	Colin Gordon (27 April 1911 -- 4 October 1972) was a British actor born in Ceylon.	Colin Gordon	27 April 1911
date of birth	Reza Rahadian Matulessy (born 5 March 1987) better known as Reza Rahadian is an Indonesian actor who rose to prominence following his role in Perempuan Berkalung Sorban.	Reza Rahadian	5 March 1987
date of birth	Clayon Maduro (born 5 March 1989) is an Aruban international footballer who earned two caps for the national team in 2008.	Clayon Maduro	5 March 1989
date of birth	Jennifer Crusie (born 1949) is a pseudonym for Jennifer Smith, a bestselling and award winning author of contemporary romance novels.	Jennifer Crusie	1949
date of birth	John of Tella (or John Bar Qursos) (483--538) was a monk and bishop in the Near East.	John of Tella	483
date of birth	Anaïs Bescond (born 15 May 1987) is a French biathlete and non-commissioned officer.	Anaïs Bescond	15 May 1987
date of birth	Shamseddin Hosseini (born in 1967) is an Iranian politician, who served as the minister of economic affairs and finance from 2008 to 2013.	Shamseddin Hosseini	1967
date of birth	Yu Hanchao (simplified Chinese: 于汉超; traditional Chinese: 于漢超; pinyin: Yú Hànchāo; born 25 February 1987) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Yu Hanchao	25 February 1987
date of birth	Luigi Tenco (21 March 1938 -- 27 January 1967) was an Italian singer, songwriter.	Luigi Tenco	21 March 1938
date of birth	Maurice Hayes (born 8 July 1927) is an Irish politician and was an independent member of the 21st and 22nd Seanads, nominated as a senator by the Taoiseach.	Maurice Hayes	8 July 1927
date of birth	Marie Bryant (November 6, 1919 -- May 23, 1978) was an American dancer, singer and choreographer, described as ``one of the most vivacious black dancers in the United States''.	Marie Bryant	1919
date of birth	Johan Munck (born 7 February 1943) is a Swedish lawyer and former chairman of the Supreme Court of Sweden (2007--2010).	Johan Munck	7 February 1943
date of birth	Frederick Feirstein (born 1940) is a poet, playwright and psychoanalyst.	Frederick Feirstein	1940
date of birth	Ross Millard (born 22 July 1982 in Sunderland) is an English musician and graphic designer, best known as guitarist and vocalist in The Futureheads.	Ross Millard	22 July 1982
date of birth	Silvina Milstein (born in Buenos Aires, 12 February 1956) is an Argentine composer and scholar of twentieth-century music, living in the United Kingdom and teaching at King's College London.	Silvina Milstein	12 February 1956
date of birth	Donald Chisholm (1822 -- April 5, 1890), also known as ``Doc'' Chisholm, was a Canadian Member of Parliament from British Columbia, representing the riding of New Westminster.	Donald Chisholm	1822
date of birth	John McCloughlin is a lawn and indoor bowler born on 9 March 1958.	John McCloughlin	1958
date of birth	Royston Trocard (born 17 September 1967) is a Dominican-born former cricketer who played for Sint Maarten.	Royston Trocard	17 September 1967
date of birth	Anthony Blackwood (born 13 September 1982 in Wales) is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for the Crusaders in the Super League and the South Wales Scorpions in the Championship 1.	Anthony Blackwood	13 September 1982
date of birth	Lazar Weiner (Cherkassy, 1897 - Flushing, Queens, March 13, 1982) was an Imperial Russian-born, American-naturalized composer of Yiddish song.	Lazar Weiner	1897
date of birth	Joseph Godfrey (1835--1909) was an African American who escaped from slavery into a Dakota community in Minnesota, United States, and fought on their side during the Dakota War of 1862.	Joseph Godfrey	1835
date of birth	Simon Kayserling was a German educator and writer; born at Hanover 31 August 1834; died there 22 April 1898; brother of Meyer Kayserling.	Simon Kayserling	1834
date of birth	Tamara Savage is an American songwriter born in 1979 in California, who started writing songs in 1998 at the age of 19.	Tamara Savage	1979
date of birth	Harry Woodson (1852 - October 15, 1887) was a professional boxer, nicknamed The Black Diamond, who was active during the 19th century in the Cincinnati area.	Harry Woodson	1852
date of birth	Aashish Khan Debsharma (born 5 December 1939) is an Indian classical musician, a player of the Sarod.	Aashish Khan	5 December 1939
date of birth	Mahinthrathirat (Thai: มหินทราธิราช) (1539--1569) was the King of Ayutthaya kingdom 1564 to 1568 and again in 1569.	Mahinthrathirat	1539
date of birth	Helene Schmitz is a Swedish photographer born 1960.	Helene Schmitz	1960
date of birth	Evangelos Kontogoulidis (Greek: Ευάγγελος Κοντογουλίδης; born 13 July 1981) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for AEK Chalkidas.	Evangelos Kontogoulidis	13 July 1981
date of birth	Olly Smith (born 18 September 1974) is a British TV presenter, wine expert, columnist and author.	Olly Smith	18 September 1974
date of birth	George Macan (9 September 1853 -- 2 November 1943) was an Irish-born lawyer and reporter, and a cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University between 1872 and 1875.	George Macan	9 September 1853
date of birth	Hugh Bicheno (born 1948) is a political risk analyst and an historian of conflict.	Hugh Bicheno	1948
date of birth	Josef Degeorgi (born 19 January 1960) is a former international Austrian footballer.	Josef Degeorgi	19 January 1960
date of birth	Judith Stamper (born 1952) is an English former television presenter.	Judith Stamper	1952
date of birth	Matt Riggio (born 14 March 1988) is an Australian rules footballer who recently played for the North Melbourne (the Kangaroos) in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Matt Riggio	14 March 1988
date of birth	Ilan Shavit (Hebrew: אילן שביט, born 31 July 1958) is an Israeli lawyer, businessman and entrepreneur.	Ilan Shavit	31 July 1958
date of birth	Mike Metheny (/məˈθiːni/ mə-THEE-nee; b. 1949, Lee's Summit, Missouri) is an American jazz flugelhornist and music journalist.	Mike Metheny	1949
date of birth	Givi Iukuridze (Georgian: გივი იუკურიძე) (born 1956) is a retired Georgian major general who served as the Chief of the General Staff of the Georgian Armed Forces from February to August 2004.	Givi Iukuridze	1956
date of birth	Ramūnas Navardauskas (born 30 January 1988) is a Lithuanian professional road racing cyclist who rides for UCI ProTeam Cannondale.	Ramūnas Navardauskas	30 January 1988
date of birth	Nikolay Nikanorovich Belov (Russian: Никола́й Никано́рович Бело́в; 6 December 1896 -- 9 August 1941) was a Red Army World War II major-general who commanded the 15th Motorized Rifle Division / 15th Rifle Division.	Nikolay Nikanorovich Belov	6 December 1896
date of birth	Charles Anthony Peter Duncombe, 6th Baron Feversham (3 January 1945 -- 29 March 2009) was a British nobleman and writer.	Peter Duncombe, 6th Baron Feversham	3 January 1945
date of birth	Georges Kazazian (Arabic: جـورج كازازيان‎) (born 25 Jan 1953) is an Egyptian-Armenian composer and oud player.	Georges Kazazian	1953
date of birth	Johan Stureson (born 3 August 1973 in Kristianstad) is a Swedish auto racing driver currently racing in Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for IPS Team Biogas in a Volkswagen Scirocco.	Johan Stureson	3 August 1973
date of birth	Pedro Juan Rosaly (b. 21 April 1862 - ca. 1920) was Mayor of Ponce, Puerto Rico in 1900.	Pedro Juan Rosaly	21 April 1862
date of birth	Lateysha Grace (born 25 November 1992) is a Welsh television personality and aspiring singer from Port Talbot.	Lateysha Grace	25 November 1992
date of birth	Ramaz Nikolaishvili (Georgian: რამაზ ნიკოლაიშვილი) (born 17 June 1965) is a Georgian politician who served as the Minister for Regional Development and Infrastructure of Georgia from 2010 to 2012.	Ramaz Nikolaishvili	17 June 1965
date of birth	Vierendrra Lalit ( born in village Dhimahi, Bulendshehr, U.P, on 16 March 1969 ), is an Indian born Cinematographer and Film Director.	Vierendrra Lalit	16 March 1969
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Fritzson (born 4 January 1986) is a Haitian football (soccer) player, who currently plays as a Striker for Aigle Noir AC.	Jean-Baptiste Fritzson	4 January 1986
date of birth	Gabriel Gonzalez Pereyra (1789-1868), Dominican priest, Bajacalifornio guerrilla in Mexican--	Gabriel Gonzalez Pereyra	1789
date of birth	Leon Litinetski (Hebrew: לאון ליטינצקי‎, born 2 August 1967) is an Israeli politician.	Leon Litinetski	2 August 1967
date of birth	Richard Tardy (born 29 July 1950) is a French football manager who has led several clubs and national teams.	Richard Tardy	29 July 1950
date of birth	Allie B. Latimer (born 1929) was the first woman and the first African American to serve as General Counsel of a major United States federal agency.	Allie B. Latimer	1929
date of birth	Rajesh Agrawal (born 9 June 1977) is a British Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Rajesh Agrawal	9 June 1977
date of birth	June Carroll (1917 -- May 16, 2004) was an American lyricist, singer and actress.	June Carroll	1917
date of birth	Fely Acuna (born on 1936) is a Filipino actress who made films under LVN Pictures.	Fely Acuna	1936
date of birth	Rebecca Lee Lok Sze, MH (Traditional Chinese: 李樂詩, born 1944 in Canton) is an explorer from Hong Kong.	Rebecca Lee	1944
date of birth	Guy Abend (Hebrew: גיא אבנד‎; born 8 November 1990) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Louisville City.	Guy Abend	8 November 1990
date of birth	Sun Suzhen (孫素真) (16 October 1895 - 4 April 1975) was the 18th matriarch of I-Kuan Tao.	Sun Suzhen	16 October 1895
date of birth	H. Wesley Balk (1932--2003) was an American performance theorist/coach and stage director.	Wesley Balk	1932
date of birth	Ester Andujar (in Spanish, Andújar), born 1976 in Valencia, is a Spanish jazz singer notable among the younger generation of Spanish jazz musicians.	Ester Andujar	1976
date of birth	Benyamin Cohen (born 1975) was the founder and editor of both Jewsweek and American Jewish Life Magazine He is the author of the memoir My Jesus Year:	Benyamin Cohen	1975
date of birth	Jacques Madubost (born 6 June 1944 in Dangeau) is a French former track and field athlete who competed in the high jump.	Jacques Madubost	6 June 1944
date of birth	Gregory M. Herek, Ph.D. (born 1954 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a researcher, author, and professor of psychology at the University of California at Davis (UCD).	Gregory M. Herek	1954
date of birth	Teddy Carroll (born 1894) was one of the original factory test riders for the Indian Motocycle company and a member of the first generation of boys who had ``caught the fever'' to race a motorized bicycle.	Teddy Carroll	1894
date of birth	Armand Traoré (born 8 October 1989) is a professional footballer who plays for Queens Park Rangers as a left back.	Armand Traoré	8 October 1989
date of birth	Hugh Logue (born 1949) is a Northern Irish former Social Democratic and Labour Party politician and economist who now works as a commentator on political and economic issues.	Hugh Logue	1949
date of birth	Irene Manton, FRS (born Irène Manton; 17 April 1904, Kensington -- died 13 May 1988) was a British botanist.	Irene Manton	17 April 1904
date of birth	Henryk Lipszyc (born 1941) is a Polish scientist of Jewish ancestry, specialist in Japanese culture, theatre and a translator from Japanese.	Henryk Lipszyc	1941
date of birth	Carsten Tank (24 April 1766 -- 28 January 1832) was a Norwegian businessman and politician who served as Norwegian councilor of government of the 1st Ministry (finance and taxes, March--November 1814), and later councilor of state of the same ministry.	Carsten Tank	24 April 1766
date of birth	Wendy Beckett (born 25 February 1930), better known as Sister Wendy, is a British hermit, consecrated virgin, and art historian who became well known internationally during the 1990s when she presented a series of documentaries for the BBC on the history of art.	Wendy Beckett	25 February 1930
date of birth	Xie Zhiyu (Simplified Chinese: 谢志宇; born 6 May 1987) is a Chinese football striker, who plays for Hangzhou Lücheng in the Chinese Super League.	Xie Zhiyu	6 May 1987
date of birth	Matías Faray (born 1979) is a cannabis activist from Argentina and member of the West Cannabis Grower Association.	Matías Faray	1979
date of birth	Eggerik Beninga (1490--1562), also known as Eggeric(k) Benninga or Benynga, was an East Frisian chronicler and steward of the Leerort Fortress.	Eggerik Beninga	1490
date of birth	Annabel Brooks (born 1962) is a British actress who has appeared on television and in films since the 1980s.	Annabel Brooks	1962
date of birth	Constantin Budeanu (28 February 1886 - 1959) was a Romanian electrical engineer who contributed to the analysis of electric networks states and the SI system of units.	Constantin Budeanu	28 February 1886
date of birth	Adem Zaplluzha, one of the most prolific Kosovan Albanian poets was born in Prizren in 1943.	Adem Zaplluzha	1943
date of birth	Nikos Vasiliou (Greek: Νίκος Βασιλείου; born 1 April 1977) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Thrasyvoulos F.C. in the Greek Beta Ethniki.	Nikos Vasiliou	1 April 1977
date of birth	Grayston Ives (born 1948) is a British composer, singer and choral director.	Grayston Ives	1948
date of birth	Denis Mehigan (born 1890) was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played as a centre-back for the Cork senior team.	Denis Mehigan	1890
date of birth	Bobbyzio Moore (born 1955 in Minneapolis, Minnesota as Robert Eldon Arthur Moore), is a Saxophonist, Keyboardist, guitarist, Bass Guitarist, Vocalist, Songwriter and Arranger.	Bobbyzio Moore	1955
date of birth	Joe Kutchera (born 1970) is an American author, columnist and executive.	Joe Kutchera	1970
date of birth	Ni Bo (Chinese: 倪波; pinyin: Ní Bō; born 4 May 1989) is a Chinese footballer.	Ni Bo	4 May 1989
date of birth	Anna Bogdanova (born 21 October 1984) is a Russian heptathlete.	Anna Bogdanova	21 October 1984
date of birth	Lucas Pennacchi (born 1960 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian artist that works with painting, drawing and engraving.	Lucas Pennacchi	1960
date of birth	Hwang Il-su (Hangul: 황일수; born 8 August 1987) is a South Korean football player who plays for Sangju Sangmu as a midfielder.	Hwang Il-su	8 August 1987
date of birth	Reinhard Goerdeler (26 May 1922 -- 3 January 1996) was a German accountant who was instrumental in founding KPMG, the leading international firm of accountants.	Reinhard Goerdeler	26 May 1922
date of birth	Călin Peter Netzer (Romanian: (kəˈlin ˈpetər ˈnet͡sər); born 1 May 1975) is a Romanian film director.	Călin Peter Netzer	1 May 1975
date of birth	Dzifa Affainie (née Smith, born 11 March 1980) is a Ghanaian television presenter and anchor.	Dzifa Affainie	11 March 1980
date of birth	Sam Heughan (born 30 April 1980) is a Scottish actor, best known for his role as Jamie Fraser in the Starz series Outlander.	Sam Heughan	30 April 1980
date of birth	Wouter Van Bellingen (born 20 April 1972) is a Flemish politician for the political party Spirit.	Wouter Van Bellingen	20 April 1972
date of birth	Charles Augustus Aiken (1827--1892) was a clergyman and academic.	Charles Augustus Aiken	1827
date of birth	Shirley Tolentino (1943--2010) was the first black woman to serve on the New Jersey Superior Court and was the first black woman appointed to the Jersey City Municipal Court and to serve as its presiding judge.	Shirley Tolentino	1943
date of birth	Jonathon Morris (born 20 July 1960) is an English actor and former television presenter.	Jonathon Morris	20 July 1960
date of birth	John McArthur, Jr., was born in Bladenock, Scotland, on 13 May 1823, and came to the United States with his family when he was ten years old.	John McArthur, Jr.	13 May 1823
date of birth	Albert Bousser (8 February 1906 -- 2 May 1995) was a Luxembourgish politician, railway inspector, and trade unionist.	Albert Bousser	8 February 1906
date of birth	Janette Parris (born 1962 in West Ham, East London) is an English contemporary artist who lives and works in London.	Janette Parris	1962
date of birth	Gilbert Gifford (1560--1590) was a double agent who worked for Sir Francis Walsingham and played a role in the uncovering of the Babington Plot.	Gilbert Gifford	1560
date of birth	Viktor Hugo Suolahti (7 October 1874 in Hämeenlinna -- 23 February 1944 in Helsinki) was an early twentieth century Finnish politician, linguist and philologist.	Hugo Suolahti	7 October 1874
date of birth	Sissel Lange-Nielsen, née Herlofson (born 27 January 1931) is a Norwegian writer, literary critic, and journalist.	Sissel Lange-Nielsen	27 January 1931
date of birth	Merritt Conrad Hyers (31 July 1933 -- 23 March 2013) was an American writer, lecturer, and ordained Presbyterian minister.	Conrad Hyers	31 July 1933
date of birth	Zuzanna Janin, (born 1961) is a Polish visual artist and former teenage actor.	Zuzanna Janin	1961
date of birth	Melvin R. Brown (born 15 February 1938) is a Republican member of the Utah State House of Representatives who lives in Coalville, Utah and represents House District 53.	Melvin R. Brown	15 February 1938
date of birth	Alexandru Găvan (born 19 May 1982) is a Romanian mountain climber.	Alexandru Găvan	19 May 1982
date of birth	Anoop Jalota, also known as Anup Jalota, (born 29 July 1953) is an Indian singer and musician, best known for his performances in the Hindu devotional music bhajan and the Urdu form of poetry, ghazal.	Anup Jalota	29 July 1953
date of birth	Lothair II (835 -- August 8, 869) was the king of Lotharingia from 855 until his death.	Lothair II	835
date of birth	Gerry Thomas (1922 -- 2005) was an American salesman sometimes credited with inventing the TV Dinner in 1952.	Gerry Thomas	1922
date of birth	Éric Werner (born 1940) is a Swiss philosopher, journalist and essayist.	Éric Werner	1940
date of birth	Ian Button (born 1962) is an English guitarist best known for being in the band Death In Vegas (1994-2011) and The Thrashing Doves (1985-1991).	Ian Button	1962
date of birth	Sir John Russell, 3rd Baronet(1632?-1669), first a Royalist, but afterwards a colonel of foot for Parliament and distinguished himself at the Battle of Marston-Moor, and in the Protectorate's wars in Ireland and Flanders.	Sir John Russell, 3rd Baronet	1632
date of birth	Harold Primat (born 12 June 1975) is a French-born Swiss racing driver currently competing in the Blancpain Endurance Series and selected long-distance events such as the Bathurst 12 Hours and Nürburgring 24 Hours.	Harold Primat	12 June 1975
date of birth	Father Alexander Sack (Belorussian: Alyaksandr Sak, born on 14 August 1890, Novogrudok, Russian Empire - died in 1937) was a Belarusian Catholic priest and a Catholic convert from Orthodoxy.	Alexander Sack	14 August 1890
date of birth	Árni Þór Sigurðsson (born 30 July 1960 in Reykjavik) is an Icelandic Ambassador.	Árni Þór Sigurðsson	30 July 1960
date of birth	Delvene Delaney (born 26 August 1951, Queensland) is an Australian actress and television presenter.	Delvene Delaney	26 August 1951
date of birth	Neal Peres Da Costa (born 1964) is an Australian harpsichordist, fortepianist and organist.	Neal Peres Da Costa	1964
date of birth	Michel Ducros (born 1949) is a French entrepreneur involved for several decades in established international companies, including Ducros Company, Monaco Marine, and Fauchon.	Michel Ducros	1949
date of birth	Nicolae Ciupercă (20 April 1882 -- 25 May 1950) was a Romanian general during World War II. He served as Minister of Defence from 1938 to 1939 in the government of Miron Cristea, He commanding the 2nd and 4th Armies during the early years of the war.	Nicolae Ciupercă	20 April 1882
date of birth	Irving Rapper (16 January 1898 -- 20 December 1999) was an England-born American film director.	Irving Rapper	16 January 1898
date of birth	Usha Thorat, (born 20 February 1950) served as Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) (India's central bank) from 10 November 2005 to 8 November 2010.	Usha Thorat	20 February 1950
date of birth	Piet Beertema (born 22 October 1943 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch Internet pioneer.	Piet Beertema	22 October 1943
date of birth	Ray Murnane (6 September 1937 -- 25 February 2013) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ray Murnane	6 September 1937
date of birth	Panagiotis Dourakos (Greek: Παναγιώτης Ντουράκος; born 4 November 1952) is a Greek fencer.	Panagiotis Dourakos	4 November 1952
date of birth	Ida Noddack (25 February 1896 -- 24 September 1978), née Ida Tacke, was a German chemist and physicist.	Ida Noddack	25 February 1896
date of birth	Nettie Rosenstein (1890 - March 13, 1980) was an American fashion designer, based in New York between c.1913 and 1975.	Nettie Rosenstein	1890
date of birth	Ali Abdosh Mohammed (Amharic: አል አብዶሽ; born 28 August 1987) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.	Ali Abdosh	28 August 1987
date of birth	Soweto Kinch (born 10 January 1978) is a British jazz alto saxophonist and rapper.	Soweto Kinch	10 January 1978
date of birth	Marjorie Ann Orbin (born 29 October 1961) is an American woman who murdered her husband Jay Orbin in Phoenix, Arizona on or about September 8, 2004, which would have been his 45th birthday.	Marjorie Ann Orbin	29 October 1961
date of birth	Naphtali Lewis (14 December 1911 -- 11 September 2005) was an American papyrologist who published extensively on subjects ranging from the ancient papyrus industry to government in Roman Egypt.	Naphtali Lewis	14 December 1911
date of birth	Thalles Lima de Conceição Penha (born 18 May 1995), simply known as Thalles, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Vasco da Gama.	Thalles	18 May 1995
date of birth	Martha Ansara (born 9 September 1942) is a documentary filmmaker whose films on social issues have won international prizes and been screened in Australia, the UK, Europe and North America.	Martha Ansara	9 September 1942
date of birth	Dessie O'Halloran (born 29 August 1940) is an Irish singer and musician.	Dessie O'Halloran	29 August 1940
date of birth	Oleg Volkov is a Russian pianist, b. 1958.	Oleg Volkov	1958
date of birth	Yigal Cohen (Hebrew: יגאל כהן‎‎, born 1928, died 6 December 1988) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1974 and 1988.	Yigal Cohen	1928
date of birth	Cristian Diaconescu (Romanian pronunciation: (kristiˈan di.akoˈnesku); born 2 July 1959) is a Romanian jurist and politician.	Cristian Diaconescu	2 July 1959
date of birth	Esikeli Tonga (born 5 February 1988 in Dubbo, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who last previously played for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League.	Esikeli Tonga	5 February 1988
date of birth	Robert Bailey, Jr. is an American actor (born 1990), who is best known for his role as the voice of Wybie in the 2009 film, Coraline.	Robert Bailey, Jr.	1990
date of birth	Emmanuel Dorado Rodríguez (born 28 March 1973) is a French retired footballer who played as a central defender, and the current coach of Sainte-Geneviève Sports.	Emmanuel Dorado	28 March 1973
date of birth	Ernest Marriott was born on 15 January 1857 in Salford, the son of Henry Marriott, Esq. Rowan Lodge, Whalley Range, Manchester.	Ernest Marriott	15 January 1857
date of birth	Yigal Menahem (Hebrew: יגאל מנחם‎, born 10 September 1963) is a former Israeli footballer that now works as a lawyer.	Yigal Menahem	10 September 1963
date of birth	Born in Ghazipur, India, in 1946, Afzal Ahmed Syed has lived since 1976 in Karachi, Pakistan, where he works as an entomologist.	Afzal Ahmed Syed	1946
date of birth	AD Singh (born 20 December 1981) is an Indian fashion designer.	AD Singh	20 December 1981
date of birth	Herrman S. Saroni (February 1824 in Bernburg, Germany -- August 29, 1900 in Marietta, Ohio) was an American composer, author, and publisher.	Herrman S. Saroni	February 1824
date of birth	Alastair Clarkson (born 27 April 1968) is a former Australian rules footballer and the current coach of the Hawthorn Football Club.	Alastair Clarkson	27 April 1968
date of birth	Laurence Juber (born 12 November 1952) is an English-born musician.	Laurence Juber	12 November 1952
date of birth	Abel Evans (1675--1737) was an English clergyman, academic, and poet, a self-conscious follower of John Milton.	Abel Evans	1675
date of birth	Damian Istria (born 24 August 1982) is an Australian artistic gymnast who was commemorated on Australian postage stamps following his gold medal at the 2006 Commonwealth Games.	Damian Istria	24 August 1982
date of birth	Julie Moos (born 1966) is a Canadian photographer and art writer.	Julie Moos	1966
date of birth	Jaan Tallinn (born 14 February 1972 in Tallinn) is an Estonian programmer who participated in the development of Skype in 2002 and FastTrack/Kazaa, a file-sharing application, in 2000.	Jaan Tallinn	14 February 1972
date of birth	Andrew Beirne (1771 -- March 16, 1845) was a Congressman from Virginia.	Andrew Beirne	1771
date of birth	Sam Paul (1874 -- January 10, 1927) was an American gambler and underworld figure in New York City at the start of the 20th century.	Sam Paul	1874
date of birth	Troy Brauntuch (born 1954 Jersey City, New Jersey) is an American artist.	Troy Brauntuch	1954
date of birth	Shlomo Gazit (born 1926) is a retired Israeli military officer and academic.	Shlomo Gazit	1926
date of birth	Vojislav Vukčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Војислав Вукчевић; born 1938) was Serbian Minister of the Diaspora.	Vojislav Vukčević	1938
date of birth	Louise Lulu Mushama Carter Arfwedson, best known as Lulu Carter, (born Ann Louise Arfwedsson, 5 April 1961) is a Swedish author best known for her work in the television home improvement show Äntligen hemma, broadcast on TV4.	Lulu Carter	5 April 1961
date of birth	Manjiri Prabhu (born 30 September 1964) is an Indian author, TV producer and filmmaker.	Manjiri Prabhu	30 September 1964
date of birth	Frederik Christian Kaas (1 December 1727 - 28 March 1804) was a Danish naval officer and landowner, brother of Ulrik Christian Kaas.	Frederik Christian Kaas	1 December 1727
date of birth	Sun Herong (Chinese: 孙和荣; born July 1957) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Sun Herong	1957
date of birth	Romy Chibany (born 1991) is a Lebanese beauty pageant who competed at Miss Lebanon 2012.	Romy Chibany	1991
date of birth	Gordon Simmonite (born 25 April 1957) is an English former professional footballer who made 136 appearances in the Football League playing for Sheffield Wednesday, Blackpool and Lincoln City.	Gordon Simmonite	25 April 1957
date of birth	Claude Maurice Mulder Bedoya, known as Mauricio Mulder (born 8 June 1956, in Lima), is a Peruvian politician (APRA), lawyer and journalist.	Mauricio Mulder	8 June 1956
date of birth	Mathias Schacht (born 1977) is a German mathematician who specializes in graph theory.	Mathias Schacht	1977
date of birth	Tali Moreno (Hebrew: טלי מורנו; born 28 June 1981) is a news anchor and reporter for Hadashot 10 in Israel.	Tali Moreno	28 June 1981
date of birth	Izet Redžepagić (1955 -- 2007) was a professional footballer who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Izet Redžepagić	1955
date of birth	Jorge Zentner (born 1953) is an Argentine comic writer and the creator of the Dieter Lumpen character.	Jorge Zentner	1953
date of birth	Stephanie Patton (born New Orleans, Louisiana, 1969) is a contemporary multimedia artist whose work crosses the realms of photography, sculpture, painting, installation, performance, video, audio and text.	Stephanie Patton	1969
date of birth	Colin Bass (born 4 May 1951), is an English musician, award-winning record producer and songwriter.	Colin Bass	4 May 1951
date of birth	Barbu Catargiu (26 October 1807--20 June (O.S. 8 June) 1862) was a conservative Romanian politician and journalist.	Barbu Catargiu	26 October 1807
date of birth	Erich Meyer (born August 6, 1951) is an Austrian engineer, amateur astronomer and discoverer of asteroids.	Erich Meyer	1951
date of birth	Makoto Fujimura (born 1960 in Boston, USA) is a 21st-century contemporary artist.	Makoto Fujimura	1960
date of birth	Geoffrey Hubbard (22 May 1923 -- June 1998) was director of the National Council for Educational Technology (now called ``British Educational Communications and Technology Agency; becta) and Chair of the National Extension College's trustees from 1989 to his death in June 1998.	Geoffrey Hubbard	22 May 1923
date of birth	Leon Rose (born around 1961) is an attorney and sports agent, based in New Jersey, near Philadelphia.	Leon Rose	1961
date of birth	Reginald Blore (born 18 March 1942 in Sesswick, Wales) is a former Welsh footballer who played as a midfielder.	Reginald Blore	18 March 1942
date of birth	Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Hassani Baghdadi (Arabic: السيد علي الحسني البغدادي) (born 1954) is an Iraqi Twelver Shi'a Marja.	Ali Hassani Baghdadi	1954
date of birth	Sarah Maguire (born 1957, London) is a British poet, and translator.	Sarah Maguire	1957
date of birth	Harald Bjarne Slettebø (born 1 April 1922 in Egersund) is a Norwegian school worker and politician (Fremskrittspartiet).	Harald Bjarne Slettebø	1 April 1922
date of birth	Sergio Blanco (born 25 November 1981) is a Uruguayan football (soccer) striker, who is currently playing for Primera División Peruana side Sporting Cristal.	Sergio Blanco	25 November 1981
date of birth	Gitl Schaechter-Viswanath (born 1958) is a Yiddish-language poet who was born in The Bronx, New York, USA.	Gitl Schaechter-Viswanath	1958
date of birth	Ludwig Knaus (5 October 1829 -- 7 December 1910) was a German genre painter of the younger 7 Düsseldorf school of painting.	Ludwig Knaus	5 October 1829
date of birth	Guy Salem (born 23 August 1984) is an Israeli footballer currently playing at Hapoel Jerusalem.	Guy Salem	23 August 1984
date of birth	Aliza Olmert (Hebrew: עליזה אולמרט‎; born 1946) is an Israeli artist, photographer, author and social worker.	Aliza Olmert	1946
date of birth	Robin Thompson (1931--2003) was a rugby union international for Ireland and a former British and Irish Lions captain.	Robin Thompson	1931
date of birth	Álfrún Gunnlaugsdóttir is an Icelandic writer who was born in Reykjavík on 18 March 1938.	Álfrún Gunnlaugsdóttir	18 March 1938
date of birth	Joshua Utanga (born 7 June 1988) is a Cook Islands sprint canoeist.	Joshua Utanga	7 June 1988
date of birth	Bernard McBride (born 1845, date of death unknown) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Indian Wars.	Bernard McBride	1845
date of birth	Eímhín Craddock, former drummer with Galway band, The Saw Doctors, born 1986.	Eímhín Craddock	1986
date of birth	Dr. Erzsébet Lanczendorfer (born 20 January 1942) is a Hungarian physician and politician, member of the National Assembly (MP) from Fidesz--	Erzsébet Lanczendorfer	20 January 1942
date of birth	Andrea Callard (born Chicago 1950) is a media artist long connected with the artists group Colab in New York City.	Andrea Callard	1950
date of birth	Hermione Wiltshire (born 17 April 1963 in London) is an English sculptor and photographer.	Hermione Wiltshire	17 April 1963
date of birth	Josh Greenberg (April 17, 1987 -- July 19, 2015) was one of the co-founders of music streaming service Grooveshark.	Josh Greenberg	1987
date of birth	Siv Bråten Lunde (born 31 December 1960) is a former Norwegian biathlete who received five medals in the world championships during her career.	Siv Bråten Lunde	31 December 1960
date of birth	Boaz Zippor (born 1972) is an Israeli artist, photographer, poet, and author, based in Thailand.	Boaz Zippor	1972
date of birth	Dharshan Munidasa (born 9 November 1970) is a Sri Lankan Chef, Restaurateur and Television Personality.	Dharshan Munidasa	9 November 1970
date of birth	Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh, also known as Gabayo (born 1929), is a Djiboutian politician.	Ahmed Boulaleh Barreh	1929
date of birth	George Aiston was born on 11 October 1879 at Burnside, South Australia, the only son of blacksmith James Albert Aiston, and Rebecca née Perry.	George Aiston	11 October 1879
date of birth	Prince Grigol Bagration of Mukhrani (Georgian: გრიგოლ ბაგრატიონ მუხრანელი) (1787--1861) was a Georgian nobleman of the House of Mukhrani.	Grigol Bagration of Mukhrani	1787
date of birth	Gavin Lowe (born 1 March 1995 in Carluke , Scotland) is a Scottish rugby union player at the Fly Half position.	Gavin Lowe	1 March 1995
date of birth	Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha (Hindi: ठाकुर युगल किशोर सिंह) (1908--1983) was an Indian politician.	Thakur Jugal Kishore Sinha	1908
date of birth	Anders Fredriksen (born 17 February 1981 in Fredrikstad) is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player, who played several seasons for Vålerenga in GET-ligaen.	Anders Fredriksen	17 February 1981
date of birth	Adela Amalia Noriega Méndez (born 24 October 1969), better known as Adela Noriega (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈðela noɾˈjeɣa)), is a Mexican actress.	Adela Noriega	24 October 1969
date of birth	Justin Frankel (born 1978) is an American computer programmer best known for his work on the Winamp media player application and for inventing the gnutella peer-to-peer network.	Justin Frankel	1978
date of birth	Andrew Dickson (born 1945 in Isleworth, London) is an English music composer, who won a European Composer Award for his work on the 1988 film High Hopes.	Andrew Dickson	1945
date of birth	Germán Villar (b. 1975) is a Spanish tenor.	Germán Villar	1975
date of birth	Exsuperius Weston Turnor (1831--1909) was a British land agent.	Exsuperius Weston Turnor	1831
date of birth	Adam Powers (born 22 May 1975) is a Danish-American songwriter and music producer.	Adam Powers	22 May 1975
date of birth	Jef Elbers (born 19 September 1947) is a Flemish singer, script writer, and political activist.	Jef Elbers	19 September 1947
date of birth	Cheng Yang-ping, MBE (Chinese: 鄭仰平, 19 September 1929 -- 25 July 2014), more commonly known as Y. P. Cheng or just Y.P., was a Hong Kong simultaneous interpreter.	Cheng Yang-ping	19 September 1929
date of birth	Sigrid Schultz (January 5 (or January 15 according to Wisconsin Historical Society), 1893 -- May 14, 1980) was a notable American reporter and war correspondent in an era when women were a rarity in both print and radio journalism.	Sigrid Schultz	1893
date of birth	Marcus Annius Verus Caesar (after May 162 -- 10 September 169) was one of the thirteen children born to Faustina, the wife of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius.	Marcus Annius Verus Caesar	May 162
date of birth	Viktor Knoch (born 12 December 1989) is a Hungarian short-track speed-skater.	Viktor Knoch	12 December 1989
date of birth	Richard Raši (born 2 April 1971) is a Slovak physician and politician for the Direction --	Richard Raši	2 April 1971
date of birth	Jonn Penney (born 17 September 1968, Quarry Bank, near Stourbridge, West Midlands) is a musician best known as the lead singer of Ned's Atomic Dustbin.	Jonn Penney	17 September 1968
date of birth	Solomon Stanwood Menken (1870 - 1954) was an attorney in the United States best known for having founded the National Security League.	Solomon Stanwood Menken	1870
date of birth	Anne Gibson, Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen, OBE (née Tasker; born 10 December 1940) is a British trade unionist and author of several pamphlets about industrial laws.	Anne Gibson, Baroness Gibson of Market Rasen	10 December 1940
date of birth	Alister Smart (born 1935) is an Australian television director whose work includes Sons and Daughters, Richmond Hill and Prisoner.	Alister Smart	1935
date of birth	Martin Ludlow (born 1964) is president and CEO of Bridge Street, Inc., a strategic projects consulting firm to sports, entertainment, labor, corporate and political entities.	Martin Ludlow	1964
date of birth	Martin Beaumont (born 1949) is a British businessman who was, until October 2007, the chief executive of the Co-operative group, today a £9.4 billion turnover enterprise employing in excess of 85,000 people across a diverse portfolio of businesses.	Martin Beaumont	1949
date of birth	Daniel Samper Pizano (born 8 June 1945) is a Colombian lawyer, journalist, and prolific writer.	Daniel Samper Pizano	8 June 1945
date of birth	Sharon Small (born 1 January 1967) is a Scottish actress acclaimed for her dramatic work in film, radio, theatre, and television.	Sharon Small	1 January 1967
date of birth	Jacek Andrzej Bukowski (born 21 October 1970) is a Polish politician, current Member of Bydgoszcz City Council who represents the 2nd district.	Jacek Andrzej Bukowski	21 October 1970
date of birth	Mahi Binebine (Arabic: ماهي بنيبين‎) is a Moroccan painter and novelist born in Marrakech in 1959.	Mahi Binebine	1959
date of birth	Hans-Joachim Watzke (born 21 June 1959) is a German entrepreneur and football functionary.	Hans-Joachim Watzke	21 June 1959
date of birth	James J. Roberts (born 1947) is an American writer, journalist, radio and television news anchor, documentarian, commentator and poet.	James J. Roberts	1947
date of birth	Li Yuanyi (Chinese: 李源一; pinyin: Lǐ Yuányī; born 28 August 1993) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Li Yuanyi	28 August 1993
date of birth	Derek Ashton (4 July 1922 -- 1997) was an English footballer who played for Aston Villa and Wolverhampton Wanderers.	Derek Ashton	4 July 1922
date of birth	Štepán Wagner (born 5 October 1981) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the long jump.	Štepán Wagner	5 October 1981
date of birth	Michael Omari (born 26 July 1993), better known by his stage name Stormzy, is an English rapper and MC.	Stormzy	26 July 1993
date of birth	John Dunch (1630--1668) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1654 and 1659.	John Dunch	1630
date of birth	Sharavyn Gungaadorj (Mongolian: Шаравын Гунгаадорж, born 2 May 1935) is a Mongolian politician and was the 15th Prime Minister of Mongolia (Chairman of the Council of Ministers) from March 21 to September 11, 1990.	Sharavyn Gungaadorj	2 May 1935
date of birth	Asif Noorani (Urdu: آصف نورانی‎; born 1942) is a Pakistani newspaper and television writer.	Asif Noorani	1942
date of birth	Charles Lutaud (15 November 1855 -- 27 October 1921) was a French administrator who became Governor General of Algeria from 1911 to 1918.	Charles Lutaud	15 November 1855
date of birth	Sa Dingding (simplified Chinese: 萨顶顶; traditional Chinese: 薩頂頂; pinyin: Sà Dǐngdǐng, born Zhou Peng (周鹏), 27 December 1983) is a Chinese folk singer and songwriter.	Sa Dingding	27 December 1983
date of birth	Dr John Emsley (born 1938) is a UK popular science writer, broadcaster and academic specialising in chemistry.	John Emsley	1938
date of birth	Jiang Chaoliang (Chinese: 蒋超良; born August 1957) is a Chinese banker and politician.	Jiang Chaoliang	August 1957
date of birth	Rear Admiral (Junior Grade) Patrick Duze (born Athlone, 19 October 1957) is a South African Navy officer currently serving as Director Force Preparation at the Joint Operations Division He went to school at Gugulethu and Langa High before becoming in student politics.	Patrick Duze	19 October 1957
date of birth	Lars Walther (born 15 October 1965) is a former Danish handball player and current handball coach.	Lars Walther	15 October 1965
date of birth	Gregg Turkington (born 25 November 1967) is an Australian-born American entertainer and actor, known for his character Neil Hamburger.	Gregg Turkington	25 November 1967
date of birth	Reuben Uther (27 March 1791 -- 10 July 1880) was a noted Australian merchant and manufacturer.	Reuben Uther	27 March 1791
date of birth	Rose Livingston (circa 1885-?), known as the Angel of Chinatown, was a suffragist who worked to free prostitutes and victims of sexual slavery.	Rose Livingston	1885
date of birth	Gerda Johner (born 20 July 1944) was a Swiss pair skater.	Gerda Johner	20 July 1944
date of birth	Hassen Gabsi (Arabic: حسان القابسي‎) (born 23 February 1974) is a Tunisian football right winger.	Hassen Gabsi	23 February 1974
date of birth	Pauline Frasca (born 1 July 1980 in Sale, Victoria) is an Australian two time world champion rower.	Pauline Frasca	1 July 1980
date of birth	James Whitlow Delano (born 1960) is an American reportage photographer based in Tokyo, Japan.	James Whitlow Delano	1960
date of birth	James Ambrose Cutting (1814--1867) was an American photographer and inventor, sometimes called the inventor of the Ambrotype photographic process.	James Ambrose Cutting	1814
date of birth	Mohammad Toha (Bandung, 1927 - Bandung, March 24, 1946) was an Indonesian guerrilla revered as a hero and martyr for his act of self-sacrifice during the Indonesian National Revolution.	Mohammad Toha	1927
date of birth	Prohaeresius (Armenian: Պարույր, Parouyr, Greek: Προαιρέσιος c. 276 -- c. 368) was a fourth-century Armenian Christian teacher and rhetorician originally from Caesarea who taught in Athens.	Prohaeresius	276
date of birth	Baxter Dury (born 18 December 1971) is an English indie musician, originally signed to Rough Trade Records.	Baxter Dury	18 December 1971
date of birth	Lee Purdy (born 29 May 1987) is a retired English boxer from Colchester, Essex, United Kingdom who fights in the welterweight division.	Lee Purdy	29 May 1987
date of birth	Te Rangi Hīroa, also known as Sir Peter Henry Buck KCMG DSO (ca. October 1877 -- 1 December 1951), was a prominent member of the Ngāti Mutunga Māori iwi.	Te Rangi Hīroa	October 1877
date of birth	Scott McCready (born 1 February 1977) is a British former wide receiver in American football.	Scott McCready	1 February 1977
date of birth	Panchen Sonam Dragpa, (Wylie: Pan-chen bSod-nams grags-pa), (1478-1554) was the fifteenth Ganden Tripa or throneholder of Ganden Monastery.	Panchen Sonam Dragpa	1478
date of birth	Matthew Hockley (born 5 June 1982) is an English former professional footballer, currently playing for Bideford.	Matthew Hockley	5 June 1982
date of birth	Claire van der Boom (born 1983) is a Logie Award winning Australian film and television actress of Dutch ancestry.	Claire van der Boom	1983
date of birth	Wolfgang Hugo Rheinhold (26 March 1853 -- 2 October 1900) was a German sculptor arguably most famous for his Affe mit Schädel (Ape with Skull).	Hugo Rheinhold	26 March 1853
date of birth	Ron Kaufman (born 1956, from Westport, Connecticut, USA) is a book author, columnist, management consultant, keynote speaker, and founder of the customer service training company, UP!	Ron Kaufman	1956
date of birth	Jessica Brando (born Jessica Vitelli 6 December, 1994) is an Italian singer.	Jessica Brando	6 December, 1994
date of birth	Yıldıray Baştürk (Turkish pronunciation: (jɯɫˈdɯˈɾaj baʃˈtyrk), born 24 December 1978) is a retired Turkish footballer who last played for English Premier League club Blackburn Rovers in 2010.	Yıldıray Baştürk	24 December 1978
date of birth	Ralph Bigland (29 January 1712 -- 27 March 1784) was an English officer of arms, antiquarian and cheesemaker.	Ralph Bigland	29 January 1712
date of birth	Thawar Chand Gehlot (born 18 May 1948) is an Indian politician who serves in the Narendra Modi government as a Cabinet minister in the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment.	Thawar Chand Gehlot	18 May 1948
date of birth	Giuseppe Chirichiello (born 29 October 1948) is an Italian economist and professor at the Sapienza Università di Roma (SUR).	Giuseppe Chirichiello	29 October 1948
date of birth	Brian Diego Fuentes (born 4 March 1976) is a former professional Argentine football (soccer) player.	Brian Diego Fuentes	4 March 1976
date of birth	Steven Lett (born 1958) is an American diplomat and current head of the International Cospas-Sarsat Programme in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Steven Lett	1958
date of birth	Josiah McElheny (born in 1966, United States) is an artist and sculptor, primarily known for his work with glass blowing and assemblages of glass and mirrored glassed objects (see glass art).	Josiah McElheny	1966
date of birth	Hon. John Wallace Downie CMG (1876 - 1940) served as High Commissioner of Southern Rhodesia from 1930 to 1935.	John Wallace Downie	1876
date of birth	Tory Dent (Victorine Dent) (January 1, 1958 -- December 30, 2005) was an American poet, art critic, and commentator on the AIDS crisis.	Tory Dent	1958
date of birth	Per Rollum (3 December 1928 -- 18 May 2014) was a Norwegian alpine skier.	Per Rollum	3 December 1928
date of birth	Obinna Nwaneri (born 18 March 1982) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for ATM in the Malaysia Super League and former Nigerian national team player.	Obinna Nwaneri	18 March 1982
date of birth	Eric Gagnon, who also goes by the name Easy E (born on 1 August 1971 in Houston, TX) is an American bass player, guitarist, and music producer.	Eric Gagnon	1 August 1971
date of birth	Gustave Reininger (1950 -- April 19, 2012) was an American scriptwriter who was the co-creator of the NBC TV drama, Crime Story.	Gustave Reininger	1950
date of birth	Alfredo Rostgaard (1943 -- December 27, 2004) was a Cuban graphic designer and artist.	Alfredo Rostgaard	1943
date of birth	Lea Rakel Hiltunen (née Lyytikäinen; born 2 July 1940 in Keitele) is a Finnish social worker and politician.	Rakel Hiltunen	2 July 1940
date of birth	Michal Kabelka (born 4 February 1985 in Lučenec) is a Slovak athlete competing in the high jump with a career best 2.31m.	Michal Kabelka	4 February 1985
date of birth	William Joseph Quinn, known as Liam Quinn, (born 1949) is an United States-born former volunteer in the Provisional Irish Republican Army who shot dead Stephen Tibble, an off-duty police officer, in London on 26 February 1975.	Liam Quinn	1949
date of birth	Chen Ti (simplified Chinese: 陈迪; traditional Chinese: 陳迪; pinyin: chén dí; born 3 October 1983) is a Taiwanese professional tennis player.	Chen Ti	3 October 1983
date of birth	Detlev Grabs (born 29 October 1960) is a researcher in anatomy and cell biology and a retired East German swimmer.	Detlev Grabs	29 October 1960
date of birth	Sivananda Radha Saraswati (1911--1995) was a German yogini who emigrated to Canada and founded Yasodhara Ashram in British Columbia.	Sivananda Radha Saraswati	1911
date of birth	Šime Vrsaljko (pronounced (ʃiːmê ʋrsaːʎko); born 10 January 1992) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Sassuolo and the Croatian national team.	Šime Vrsaljko	10 January 1992
date of birth	Donald George Mackay CBE (29 June 1870 -- 17 September 1958) was an Australian outdoorsman, long-distance cyclist, and explorer who conducted several expeditions to the remotest areas of the Australian continent.	Donald George Mackay	29 June 1870
date of birth	Keith Blake (born 10 May 1950), better known as Prince Alla (sometimes Prince Allah or Ras Allah) is a Jamaican roots reggae singer whose career began in the 1960s, and has continued with a string of releases into the 2000s.	Prince Alla	10 May 1950
date of birth	Robert Sanford Havoc Pennington (born c. 1976 ) is an American computer engineer and entrepreneur.	Havoc Pennington	1976
date of birth	Sophie Cox (* 1982) is a British judo player from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, England.	Sophie Cox	1982
date of birth	Rodd Partridge (born 30 December 1976) is an Australian born retailer and private investor.	Rodd Partridge	30 December 1976
date of birth	Taylor Saghabi (born 25 December 1990) is an Australian-born footballer with heritage from the Cook Islands, who plays as a attacking midfielder for West Ryde Rovers as well as the Cook Islands national football team.	Taylor Saghabi	25 December 1990
date of birth	Leandro Costa Miranda Moraes (born 18 July 1983), commonly known as Leandrão, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Boavista, on loan from Vasco da Gama.	Leandro Costa Miranda Moraes	18 July 1983
date of birth	The Reverend Edward Tucker Leeke (1842--1925) was a British clergyman and scholar.	Edward Tucker Leeke	1842
date of birth	Albert Van den Abeele (born 18 March 1907, date of death unknown) was a Belgian sailor.	Albert Van den Abeele	18 March 1907
date of birth	Vladimir Semerdzhiev (Bulgarian: Владимир Семерджиев; born 27 May 1995) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Slavia Sofia as a midfielder.	Vladimir Semerdzhiev	27 May 1995
date of birth	Fuk'anggan (Manchu:ᡶᡠᠺᠠᠩᡤᠠᠨ, Möllendorff: fuk'anggan; Chinese: 福康安; pinyin: Fúkāng'ān; 1753-1796), courtesy name Yaolin (simplified Chinese: 瑶林; traditional Chinese: 瑤林; pinyin: Yáolín), was a Manchu noble and general of the Qing Dynasty.	Fuk'anggan	1753
date of birth	Ernst Ruben Lagus (12 October 1896, Hämeenkoski -- 15 July 1959) was a Finnish Major General.	Ruben Lagus	12 October 1896
date of birth	Bazon Brock (born Jürgen Johannes Hermann Brock, 2 June 1936) is a German art theorist and critic, multi-media generalist and artist.	Bazon Brock	2 June 1936
date of birth	Michael James Heney was born on October 24, 1864, near Stonecliffe, Renfrew County, Ontario.	Michael James Heney	1864
date of birth	Georges Azzi (born 1984) is the co-founder of Helem, a Lebanese non-profit organization working on improving the legal and social status of LGBT people, and is the executive director of the Arab Foundation for Freedoms and Equality.	Georges Azzi	1984
date of birth	Rubén Umpiérrez (born 25 October 1956) is a retired Uruguayan football player who played for C.A. Cerro	Rubén Umpiérrez	25 October 1956
date of birth	George Woodman (born 1932) is an American ceramicist, painter, and photographer.	George Woodman	1932
date of birth	Phyllis McCarthy (12 March 1903 Johannesburg -- 16 February 1986 Johannesburg) was a noted South African breeder of and authority on Rhodesian Ridgeback dogs.	Phyllis McCarthy	12 March 1903
date of birth	Mir Jalaleddin Kazzazi (Persian: میر جلال‌الدین کزازی‎; born 19 January 1949) is an outstanding master of Persian literature and a renowned Iranist.	Mir Jalaleddin Kazzazi	19 January 1949
date of birth	William F. Creed (1845 - November 8, 1903) of Malone, New York, was appointed auditor at the Manhattan Custom House by Daniel Magone, the Collector of the Port of New York.	William F. Creed	1845
date of birth	Brett Leboff (born 16 February 1979 in Watford, Hertfordshire, England) is an artist manager and founder of Monumental Music Group.	Brett Leboff	16 February 1979
date of birth	William Boyd McCleary CMG CVO (born 30 March 1949) is a retired member of HM Diplomatic Service originally from Belfast, Northern Ireland.	William Boyd McCleary	30 March 1949
date of birth	Yakov Lidski (Yiddish: יעקב לידסקי‎; 1869 in Slonim, Grodno Governorate, Russia -- June 1, 1921 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Warsaw-based Jewish bookseller and publisher, pioneer of Yiddish literature publishing.	Yakov Lidski	1869
date of birth	Paul Benney (born London, 30 May 1959) is a British artist who rose to international prominence as a contemporary artist whilst living and working in New York in the 1980s and later in the 90s in the UK as an award winning portraitist.	Paul Benney	30 May 1959
date of birth	Kelvin Campbell (born 1952) is a South Africa-born architect and urban designer, with a professional interest in complex urban problems, from those of informal settlements through to urban renewal of the city.	Kelvin Campbell	1952
date of birth	Sandra Aleksejeva (born 3 May 1991) is a Latvian BMX racer.	Sandra Aleksejeva	3 May 1991
date of birth	Colonel Thomas Richard Beaumont (29 April 1758 -- 31 July 1829) of Bretton Hall, Wakefield, Yorkshire, was a British Tory politician and soldier.	Thomas Richard Beaumont	29 April 1758
date of birth	Henry Blodget (born 1966) is an American businessman, investor, journalist, and author.	Henry Blodget	1966
date of birth	François-Cyrille Grange (born 1983) is a French alpine skier who competed in the early 2000s.	François-Cyrille Grange	1983
date of birth	Giuseppe Boghetti (1896 - July 1941) was an American voice teacher and tenor.	Giuseppe Boghetti	1896
date of birth	Dato' Jalaluddin Hassan (born 18 February 1954) is a Malaysian actor and the host of the Malaysian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? in Malay.	Jalaluddin Hassan	18 February 1954
date of birth	Nicholas J. Wheeler (born 7 April 1962) is professor of international politics at the University of Birmingham and co-editor (with Christian Reus-Smit) of the Cambridge Studies in International Relations book series, published by Cambridge University Press and the British International Studies Association.	Nicholas J. Wheeler	7 April 1962
date of birth	Samsom Gebreyohannes (born 7 February 1992) is an Eritrean long-distance runner who competes in cross country and half marathon races.	Samsom Gebreyohannes	7 February 1992
date of birth	Judyth Watson (born 8 March 1940) is an Australian former politician.	Judyth Watson	8 March 1940
date of birth	Lillian Pitt (born 1944) is a Native American artist from the Columbia River region of the Pacific Northwest.	Lillian Pitt	1944
date of birth	Wil Harris (born 20 September 1982) is a British entrepreneur based in London.	Wil Harris	20 September 1982
date of birth	Bani Basu (born 11 March 1939) is a Bengali Indian author, essayist, critic and poet.	Bani Basu	11 March 1939
date of birth	Jean-François Cuennet (born 1961) from Bulle FR is a Swiss ski mountaineer, long distance runner and mountain biker.	Jean-François Cuennet	1961
date of birth	Doug Searl (born 22 March 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Doug Searl	22 March 1947
date of birth	Paola Gianturco (born 1939) is an American photojournalist and former business executive.	Paola Gianturco	1939
date of birth	Ezequiel Adamovsky (born 1971) is an Argentine historian and political activist who has written many articles and books about intellectual history, globalization, anti-capitalism and left-wing politics.	Ezequiel Adamovsky	1971
date of birth	Bhai Mahavir (born 30 October 1922 in Lahore) was governor of the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh between April 1998 and March 2003.	Bhai Mahavir	30 October 1922
date of birth	He Ping (Chinese: 何平; pinyin: Hé Píng) (born 1957 in Shanxi, China) is a Chinese film director, whose main filmography consists of a hybrid genre of Western-wuxia movies.	He Ping	1957
date of birth	Paul Considine (born 11 June 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League during the 1980s.	Paul Considine	11 June 1962
date of birth	Thaddeus Strassberger (born 1976) is an American opera director and scenic designer.	Thaddeus Strassberger	1976
date of birth	Alfred Morrison (1821--1897) was an English collector, known for his interest in works of art, autographs and manuscripts.	Alfred Morrison	1821
date of birth	Zoltán Rockenbauer (born 4 January 1960) is a Hungarian ethnologist, art historian and politician, who served as Minister of Culture between 2000 and 2002.	Zoltán Rockenbauer	4 January 1960
date of birth	Brian Herbinson (born 25 November 1930) is a past member of the Canadian Equestrian Team.	Brian Herbinson	25 November 1930
date of birth	Ted Gioia (born 21 October 1957) is an American jazz critic and music historian who wrote The History of Jazz and Delta Blues, both selected as notable books of the year by The New York Times.	Ted Gioia	21 October 1957
date of birth	Francis Gormley (1899 -- 20 December 1974) was an Irish politician and soldier.	Francis Gormley	1899
date of birth	Ivan Mrkvička (-Czech, also Jan Václav Mrkvička; Bulgarian: Иван Мърквичка) (23 April 1856 -- 16 May 1938) was a Czech-born painter and an active contributor to the artistic life of newly liberated Bulgaria in the late 19th and early 20th century.	Ivan Mrkvička	23 April 1856
date of birth	Delia Pemberton (born 1954) is an author and lecturer in Egyptology, formerly with the British Museum and Birkbeck College, University of London, UK.	Delia Pemberton	1954
date of birth	Andrew Clayton (born 10 April 1973) is an English former competition swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics, world championships and European championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games.	Andrew Clayton	10 April 1973
date of birth	József Sándor (born 6 August 1892, date of death unknown) was a Hungarian wrestler.	József Sándor	6 August 1892
date of birth	Ranjith Kotheri (born in 1977) is a well known art director of Malayalam Film Industry and also in Tamil.	Ranjith Kotheri	1977
date of birth	Isagani R. Cruz (born in 1945) is a Filipino writer.	Isagani R. Cruz	1945
date of birth	Tetsuro Shigematsu (born 1971) is a Canadian radio broadcaster, comedian and filmmaker.	Tetsuro Shigematsu	1971
date of birth	Tarun Vijay (born in 1961) is an Indian author, thinker, social worker, journalist, and parliamentarian.	Tarun Vijay	1961
date of birth	Emily Blatch, Baroness Blatch, CBE, PC, FRSA (24 July 1937 -- 31 May 2005) was a British Conservative politician.	Emily Blatch, Baroness Blatch	24 July 1937
date of birth	Vonda Kay Van Dyke (born 1943) was crowned the 1965 Miss America on September 13, 1964.	Vonda Kay Van Dyke	1943
date of birth	Bogusława Knapczyk (born 8 April 1970, Szczawnica) is a Polish slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.	Bogusława Knapczyk	8 April 1970
date of birth	Daniel Rubinstein (born 1967) is a United States Foreign Service Officer who has served as consul general, the top U.S. official at the Jerusalem consulate and directed the State Department's Office of Israel and Palestinian Affairs.	Daniel Rubinstein	1967
date of birth	Paulo César Silva Martins (born 20 November 1991) is a Brazilian-born East Timorese footballer that currently plays for Songkhla United in the Thai Division 1 League.	Paulo César Silva Martins	20 November 1991
date of birth	Jana Kask (born 11 November 1991) is an Estonian singer and the winner of Eesti otsib superstaari 2008, the second season of the Estonian version of Pop Idol.	Jana Kask	11 November 1991
date of birth	Gong Pixiang (Chinese character: 公丕祥; Pinyin: Gōng Pĭxiáng; born 1955) is a jurist in China.	Gong Pixiang	1955
date of birth	Guðmundur Gunnarsson (born 29 October 1945) is an Icelandic electrician and union leader.	Guðmundur Gunnarsson	29 October 1945
date of birth	William Goldring (May 1854 -- 1919) was a landscape architect, and naturalist.	William Goldring	May 1854
date of birth	Gil Carlos Rodríguez Iglesias (born 26 May 1946) is a former Spanish judge at the European Court of Justice (31 January 1986 - 7 October 2003).	Gil Carlos Rodríguez Iglesias	26 May 1946
date of birth	Wes Wise (born 1929) was a three-term mayor of Dallas, Texas from 1971 until 1976.	Wes Wise	1929
date of birth	Reverend Tadeusz Pacholczyk, Ph.D. (born 1965) is an American Roman Catholic priest, neuroscientist and writer.	Tadeusz Pacholczyk	1965
date of birth	Craig Doerge (born 1947, in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American keyboard player, songwriter and session musician.	Craig Doerge	1947
date of birth	Daryl McMahon (born 10 October 1983) is an Irish former footballer and football manager who is the manager Conference South side Ebbsfleet United.	Daryl McMahon	10 October 1983
date of birth	Rev. Kirby Baxter Holmes was born February 16, 1908 to Peter C. Holmes and Octavia Leapord-Holmes, in Ennis, Ellis County, Texas.	Kirby Baxter Holmes	1908
date of birth	Ran Morin (born 1958) is an Israeli artist, known for his statues involving full-sized living trees.	Ran Morin	1958
date of birth	Papa Kristo Negovani, born Kristo Harallambi, and also known as Kristo Negovani (1875 -- February 12, 1905) was an Albanian nationalist figure, religious leader and writer	Kristo Negovani	1875
date of birth	Mohammed Al Hadhoud (Arabic: محمد الهدهود‎, born 1 January 1985) is a Kuwaiti footballer.	Mohammed Al Hadhoud	1 January 1985
date of birth	Robert Eisler (27 April 1882 -- 17 December 1949) was an Austrian Jewish historian of art and culture, and Biblical scholar.	Robert Eisler	1882
date of birth	Jascha Richter (born 24 June 1963) is a Danish singer-songwriter best known as the lead vocalist and keyboardist of the soft rock band, Michael Learns to Rock where he composes and sings most of their songs.	Jascha Richter	24 June 1963
date of birth	Pablo Usoz (born 1968) is a Spanish field hockey player and coach.	Pablo Usoz	1968
date of birth	Joackim Jørgensen; (born 20 September 1988) is a Norwegian footballer playing for Viking FK.	Joackim Jørgensen	20 September 1988
date of birth	Joseph Merk (18 January 1795 -- 16 July 1852) was a noted Austrian cellist, often described as one of the most influential of the first half of the 19th century.	Joseph Merk	18 January 1795
date of birth	Hans Godo Frabel (born 1941 in Jena, East Germany) is an East German--born lampwork glass blower, now living and working in the US.	Hans Godo Frabel	1941
date of birth	Darius Sunawala (born 05-Jan-1979) has been one of Bangalore's most popular RJs.	Darius Sunawala	1979
date of birth	WAK (Kevin A Williams) is an African- American, born in Chicago, Illinois in July 1965.	WAK (Kevin A Williams)	July 1965
date of birth	Joseph Gaither Pratt (1910--1979) was an American psychologist who specialized in the field of parapsychology.	Joseph Gaither Pratt	1910
date of birth	Franciszek Ksawery Lubomirski (1747--1819) was a Polish noble, Russian general.	Ksawery Lubomirski	1747
date of birth	Kyle Thomas (born 23 June 1983), is a Canadian writer, director, producer, and actor.	Kyle Thomas	23 June 1983
date of birth	Bob Beswick (born 8 December 1984) is an English-born Irish international rugby league player.	Bob Beswick	8 December 1984
date of birth	Elizabeth Ashbridge (née Sampson; 1713 -- May 16, 1755) was an 18th-century New England Quaker minister and autobiographer born in Cheshire, England.	Elizabeth Ashbridge	1713
date of birth	Jens Olof Lasthein (born 1964) is a Swedish freelance photographer.	Jens Olof Lasthein	1964
date of birth	Mark Beardshall (born 10 January 1962 in Barnsley, Yorkshire, England) was an English cricketer.	Mark Beardshall	10 January 1962
date of birth	Randy'L He-dow Teton (born 1976) is the Shoshone woman who posed as the model for the US Sacagawea dollar coin, first issued in 2000.	Randy'L He-dow Teton	1976
date of birth	Jayen Varma (born 3 February 1961) is an Indian electric bass player.	Jayen Varma	3 February 1961
date of birth	Hans Goksøyr (born 10 February 1923) is a Norwegian businessperson in the petroleum industry.	Hans Goksøyr	10 February 1923
date of birth	Jugoslav Vlahović (Serbian Cyrillic: Југослав Влаховић, born 1949) is a Serbian artist, illustrator, photographer and a former rock musician.	Jugoslav Vlahović	1949
date of birth	Paul Morton Alistair Phillips-Davies (born July 1967) is a British businessman, who has been the chief executive officer (CEO) of SSE plc, a FTSE 100 electric utility company, since 1 July 2013, succeeding Ian Marchant.	Alistair Phillips-Davies	1967
date of birth	Joel Thomas Hynes (born 1976 in Calvert, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a Canadian writer, performer and actor.	Joel Thomas Hynes	1976
date of birth	Jaclyn Miles (born 1988) is a woman from Amherstburg, Ontario, Canada.	Jaclyn Miles	1988
date of birth	Abdul Ali (Bengali: আব্দুল জ়াক; born 6 May 1969), better known as Ali Jacko (Bengali: আলি জ়াক), is an English former professional kickboxer who was two-time world lightweight kick-boxing champion.	Ali Jacko	6 May 1969
date of birth	Hiroyuki Kajihara (born 28 September 1966 in Yamanashi, Japan) is a former rugby union footballer who played for Japan.	Hiroyuki Kajihara	28 September 1966
date of birth	Chiao Li Na or Lisa Chiao Chiao, often credited Chiao Chiao (Chinese: 焦姣; pinyin: Jiāo Jiāo; born 6 March 1943), is a Taiwanese film actress best known for her work in Hong Kong cinema.	Chiao Chiao	6 March 1943
date of birth	Gottlieb Burian was born in Hussinetz, Lower Silesia, Prussia (now Gęsiniec, Poland) on 26 March 1837.	Gottlieb Burian	26 March 1837
date of birth	Major John Taubman (1746--1822) was a Manx politician.	John Taubman	1746
date of birth	Ünal Aysal (Turkish pronunciation: (ˈynɑɫ ɑjˈsɑɫ), born 2 June 1941) is a Turkish businessman.	Ünal Aysal	2 June 1941
date of birth	Vânia Dantas Leite (born 13 August 1945) is a Brazilian pianist, conductor, music educator and composer.	Vânia Dantas Leite	13 August 1945
date of birth	Yang Amat Mulia Pengiran Anak Khairul Khalil (born 28 February 1975) is the eldest son and second child of Pengiran Syed Haji Jaafari bin Pengiran Syed Haji Mashor and Hajah Dayang Sarabanun bini Haji Abdi Manaf.	Khairul Khalil	28 February 1975
date of birth	Bartley John Homewood (1932 -- June 1991) was an English former football referee in the Football League and for FIFA.	John Homewood	1932
date of birth	Joseph Agbeko (born 22 March 1980) is a Ghanaian professional boxer and former IBF bantamweight champion.	Joseph Agbeko	22 March 1980
date of birth	Wilfred Kirochi (born 12 December 1969) is a former Kenyan middle distance runner who won a silver medal at the 1991 World Championships in Tokyo in the 1500 m event.	Wilfred Kirochi	12 December 1969
date of birth	Jens Martin Skibsted (born 28 June 1970) is a Danish designer, brands expert and entrepreneur.	Jens Martin Skibsted	28 June 1970
date of birth	Arie de Geus (born 1930) is a Dutch business executive and business theorist, who was the head of Shell Oil Company's Strategic Planning Group and is a public speaker.	Arie de Geus	1930
date of birth	America Meredith was born in 1972 to Howard Meredith, a Cherokee author and American Indian Studies professor, and Mary Ellen Meredith, a Cherokee museum director and curator.	America Meredith	1972
date of birth	Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech (1723 April 1774) was Regent of Rohilkhand in North India, from 1749 to 1774.	Hafiz Rahmat Khan Barech	1723
date of birth	Daniele Battaglia (born 21 July 1981) is an Italian singer and television personality.	Daniele Battaglia	21 July 1981
date of birth	Herman Vermeulen (born 10 November 1954) is a former Belgian football player and currently unemployed manager.	Herman Vermeulen	10 November 1954
date of birth	Gabriel Ruhumbika (born 1938) is a Tanzanian novelist, short story writer, translator and academic.	Gabriel Ruhumbika	1938
date of birth	Mohamed Nazzal al-Armouti (16 July 1924 -- 19 August 2015) was a Jordanian civil servant, diplomat and politician.	Nazzal al-Armouti	16 July 1924
date of birth	Epp Mäe (born 2 April 1992) is an Estonian freestyle, judo and sumo wrestler.	Epp Mäe	2 April 1992
date of birth	Montague Russell Page (1 November 1906 -- 4 January 1985) was a British gardener, garden designer and landscape architect.	Russell Page	1 November 1906
date of birth	Hélio Monteiro Batista (born 28 January 1990), commonly known as Hélio is a Brazilian footballer, who plays for Moldovan club Zimbru Chișinău in Moldovan National Division.	Hélio Monteiro Batista	28 January 1990
date of birth	Ni Zhiqin (Chinese: 倪志钦; pinyin: Ní Zhìqīn; born 14 April 1942 in Quanzhou) often referred to as Ni Chih-Chin, is a retired Chinese high jumper.	Ni Zhiqin	14 April 1942
date of birth	Małgorzata Ostrowska (born 31 July 1958) is a Polish political figure who served as a member of the Sejm of Poland from 19 September 1993 to 4 November 2007.	Małgorzata Ostrowska	31 July 1958
date of birth	Knut Agathon Wallenberg, (19 May 1853 - 1 June 1938), was a Swedish banker and politician, he was also Knight of the Order of the Seraphim.	Knut Agathon Wallenberg	19 May 1853
date of birth	Jamie Morrison (born 30 June 1984) is a British musician and producer, best known as the drummer in Welsh band the Stereophonics,.	Jamie Morrison	30 June 1984
date of birth	Robert Boyed Mitchell (19 December 1919 -- 19 March 2002) is an Australian artist who dedicated his life to his art practice without getting recognition during his lifetime.	Robert Boyed Mitchell	19 December 1919
date of birth	Salmir Kaplan (born 26 June 1981) is the Minister of Culture and Sports in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Salmir Kaplan	26 June 1981
date of birth	Matthew McKeon (October 26 1924 - November 11, 2003) was a Corporal who had once been a Staff Sergeant in the United States Marine Corps who gained notoriety during the Ribbon Creek incident which occurred at the Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island, South Carolina, on April 8, 1956.	Matthew McKeon	1924
date of birth	Pak Se-ri or Se-ri Pak (Korean: 박세리, Korean pronunciation: (paːk sʰeːɾi); born 28 September 1977) is a South Korean professional golfer on the LPGA Tour.	Pak Se-ri	28 September 1977
date of birth	Thachil Matthoo Tharakan (1741--1814) played a key role in the history of Kerala/Travancore/Cochin in India towards the latter part of the 18th century and early 19th century.	Thachil Matthoo Tharakan	1741
date of birth	Anthony Askew (1722--1774) was an English physician and is best known for having been a book collector.	Anthony Askew	1722
date of birth	Svitlana Pyrkalo (born 18 July 1976, in Poltava, Ukrainian SSR) is a London-based writer, journalist and translator who writes in Ukrainian, English and Russian.	Svitlana Pyrkalo	18 July 1976
date of birth	Thea Holme (1904--1980) was an actor and writer.	Thea Holme	1904
date of birth	Andrea Pizzitola (born 19 June 1992) is a professional French racing driver.	Andrea Pizzitola	19 June 1992
date of birth	James Kelman (born 9 June 1946) is an influential Scottish writer of novels, short stories, plays, and political essays.	James Kelman	9 June 1946
date of birth	Gustav Radbruch (21 November 1878 -- 23 November 1949) was a German legal scholar and politician.	Gustav Radbruch	21 November 1878
date of birth	Peter Wolf Toth (born December 1947) is a Hungarian-born sculptor, who immigrated to the United States and settled in Akron, Ohio.	Peter Wolf Toth	December 1947
date of birth	Henry Hungerford (23 July 1611 -- 27 May 1673) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1645 and 1660, Hungerford was the son of Sir Anthony Hungerford of Stock, Wiltshire.	Henry Hungerford	23 July 1611
date of birth	Anita Fields (born 1951) is a Native American artist from the U.S. state of Oklahoma.	Anita Fields	1951
date of birth	Willem van der Vliet (ca. 1584 -- 6 December 1642) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Willem van der Vliet	1584
date of birth	Said Ahmed Shah (born 28 April 1940) is a former Pakistani cricket umpire.	Said Ahmed Shah	28 April 1940
date of birth	Fhumulani Wiseman Kamanga (born 14 November 1991 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, who most recently played provincial rugby with Griquas.	Wiseman Kamanga	14 November 1991
date of birth	Rainer Hartleb (born 29 February 1944 in Hildburghausen, Germany) is a German-Swedish director of documentary films.	Rainer Hartleb	29 February 1944
date of birth	Dorina Vaccaroni (born 24 September 1964 in Mestre) is an Italian fencer competing in the foil.	Dorina Vaccaroni	24 September 1964
date of birth	Kenan Çoban (born 22 January 1975, Elazig) is a Turkish actor who is known for playing the role of Abdülhey Çoban in the Valley of the Wolves.	Kenan Çoban	22 January 1975
date of birth	Benjamin Fuchs (born 20 October 1983) is an Austrian footballer, who also holds German citizenship.	Benjamin Fuchs	20 October 1983
date of birth	Helen Sandy Pflueger Phillips (born 1954) is an American equestrienne.	Sandy Pflueger	1954
date of birth	Michael Farr (born 1953) is a British expert on the comic series The Adventures of Tintin and its creator, Hergé.	Michael Farr	1953
date of birth	Sweet Dick Whittington (born 1934) is a long-time disc jockey in Los Angeles, who has also appeared as an actor in movies and on television.	Sweet Dick Whittington	1934
date of birth	Seán O'Neill (born 1938, Newry) is a former Irish sportsperson.	Seán O'Neill	1938
date of birth	Louise de Montmorency (1496--1547) was a French noblewoman from the ancient House of Montmorency.	Louise de Montmorency	1496
date of birth	Robert D. Rucker (born 1952) is the 105th justice appointed to the Indiana Supreme Court.	Robert D. Rucker	1952
date of birth	Raymond Lema A'nsi Nzinga, known as Ray Lema, is a Congolese (DRC) musician, born 30 March 1946 in Lufu-Toto, Bas-Congo Province.	Ray Lema	30 March 1946
date of birth	Lt. Colonel John Bond, Jr. (1770 − October 22, 1862) was an American military officer, Mississippi pioneer, and Mississippi Legislator.	John Bond, Jr.	1770
date of birth	Willemijn Verloop (Utrecht, 14 February 1970) is a Dutch peace activist dedicated to children affected by war.	Willemijn Verloop	14 February 1970
date of birth	Abdul Hadi Arghandiwal (born 1952) is Afghanistan's Minister of Economy, and the Head of Hezb-i Islami Afghanistan.	Abdul Hadi Arghandiwal	1952
date of birth	Merrick Watts (born 18 November 1973) is an Australian comedian, radio host and television presenter.	Merrick Watts	18 November 1973
date of birth	Rinaldo Alessandrini (born 25 January 1960) is a virtuoso on Baroque keyboards, including harpsichord, fortepiano, and organ.	Rinaldo Alessandrini	25 January 1960
date of birth	Lisiate Tafa (born 10 October 1979 in Ha'apai, Tonga) is an inside/outside center and utility who plays rugby union football for English club Sedgley Park in the National One Division and Tonga.	Lisiate Tafa	10 October 1979
date of birth	Alain Bravo (born 1945) is a French electrical engineer and entrepreneur.	Alain Bravo	1945
date of birth	Movlud Suleymanli, (Balakishiyev Movlud, the son of Suleyman) (born 18 March 1943) is an Azerbaijani prose writer, dramatist, screenwriter and film adviser.	Movlud Suleymanli	18 March 1943
date of birth	Darin Todorov (Bulgarian: Дарин Тодоров) (born 4 December 1988) is a Bulgarian footballer, currently playing for Spartak Varna as a striker.	Darin Todorov	4 December 1988
date of birth	Percy Gibb (6 December 1881 - 2 November 1940) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Percy Gibb	6 December 1881
date of birth	Benoît Poirier d'Ambreville (born 1970) is a French stylist/colorist, entrepreneur, television celebrity, and former model.	Benoît Poirier d'Ambreville	1970
date of birth	Árpád Csonka (born 24 August 1991) is a Slovak football striker of Hungarian ethnicity who currently plays for the Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda.	Árpád Csonka	24 August 1991
date of birth	Branko Pavlović (Бранко Павловић) (Born 11 June 1960) is a Serbian politician and lawyer.	Branko Pavlović	11 June 1960
date of birth	Mehmet Harmancı (born 1977) is the current mayor of the Nicosia Turkish Municipality, the local government of the Turkish Cypriot capital North Nicosia.	Mehmet Harmancı	1977
date of birth	Dr Gabriel Mar Gregorios (born 26 February 1949) is Metropolitan of the Diocese of Thiruvananthapuram of the Indian (Malankara) Orthodox Church .	Gabriel Mar Gregorios	26 February 1949
date of birth	Zeev Rosenstein (Hebrew: זאב רוזנשטיין‎; born 1954) is an infamous Israeli mob boss and drug trafficker.	Zeev Rosenstein	1954
date of birth	Fareeda Mehta (born July 1959) is an Indian film director who makes short films, documentaries and feature films.	Fareeda Mehta	July 1959
date of birth	Henry of Opole (Polish: Henryk opolski; b. c. 18 August 1338 -- d. c. 23 October 1365), was a Duke of Opole from 1356 until his death.	Henry of Opole	18 August 1338
date of birth	Sir Rama Varma XIV KCSI (1848--1888) was the ruler of the Kingdom of Cochin from 1864 to 1888.	Rama Varma XIV	1848
date of birth	Ong Hok Ham (1 May 1933 -- 30 August 2007) was an eminent Chinese Indonesian historian considered one of the leading experts on Indonesian history during the 19th century Dutch colonial rule.	Ong Hok Ham	1 May 1933
date of birth	Pierre-Antoine Tabeau (11 October 1782 -- May 18, 1835) was a Roman Catholic priest and vicar general.	Pierre-Antoine Tabeau	11 October 1782
date of birth	Samir Moussaoui (born 15 May 1975 in Bordj Bou-Azzéridj) is an Algerian long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 and 10,000 metres.	Samir Moussaoui	15 May 1975
date of birth	Ahmet Fuat Bulca (1881 -- September 14, 1962) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and Turkish Army and a Turkish politician.	Fuat Bulca	1881
date of birth	Connor Dantzler (born 23 February 1994), of Damascus, Maryland, is an accomplished American amateur athlete.	Connor Dantzler	23 February 1994
date of birth	Joseph Boum (born 26 September 1989) is a Camoronese footballer who plays for Gaziantep BB as a center back.	Joseph Boum	26 September 1989
date of birth	Phạm Thị Trân Châu (born July 29, 1938) is a Vietnamese biochemist and former politician.	Phạm Thị Trân Châu	1938
date of birth	Johan Engelbert Elias (18 August 1895 -- 1 August 1959) was a Dutch historian known mostly for his important work on the history of Amsterdam's regency (``Vroedschap van Amsterdam'').	Johan Engelbert Elias	18 August 1895
date of birth	Yelitza Lora de la Cruz (born 12 July 1985) is a Radio and TV hostess, dancer, model, and theatre and film actress from the Dominican Republic.	Yelitza Lora	12 July 1985
date of birth	Yuri Heifetz (pen-name Boris Berg; Russian: Хейфец, Юрий Борисович; born 31 October 1953, in Sverdlovsk) is Russian poet, singer-songwriter, and medical doctor.	Yuri Heifetz	31 October 1953
date of birth	Antonio Abondio (1538--1591) was an Italian sculptor, best known as a medallist and as the pioneer of the coloured wax relief portrait miniature.	Antonio Abondio	1538
date of birth	Rita Ng (Chinese: 伍思茵; pinyin: Wǔ Sīyīn; born 1978) from Tracy, California is an American beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss California 2000 and is currently a practicing cardiologist.	Rita Ng	1978
date of birth	Stephen Haseler (born 9 January 1942) is Professor of Government, author of numerous books on contemporary politics and economics, and Director of The Global Policy Institute in London.	Stephen Haseler	9 January 1942
date of birth	Pilar Mendiola Fernández (born 1971) is a leading expert in the fields of experiential education and development of advanced leadership training.	Pilar Mendiola Fernández	1971
date of birth	Monika Pedersen (born 21 December 1978) is a Danish singer of the band Sinphonia and former vocalist of ``The World State'' and the Norwegian gothic metal band Sirenia, replacing Henriette Bordvik.	Monika Pedersen	21 December 1978
date of birth	Paul Galland (November 1919--31 October 1942) was a German Luftwaffe ace and brother of Luftwaffe aces Adolf Galland and Wilhelm-Ferdinand Galland.	Paul Galland	November 1919
date of birth	Valérie Blass (born 1967) is a Canadian artist working primarily in sculpture.	Valérie Blass	1967
date of birth	Anne-Marie Imafidon (born 1990) is a British computing, mathematics and language child prodigy.	Anne-Marie Imafidon	1990
date of birth	Richard Verrall (born 1948) is a former deputy chairman of the British National Front (NF) who edited the magazine Spearhead from 1976 to 1980.	Richard Verrall	1948
date of birth	Thomas Helmore (7 May 1811 in Kidderminster -- 6 July 1890 in Westminster) was a choirmaster, writer about singing and author and editor of hymns and carols.	Thomas Helmore	7 May 1811
date of birth	Éamon de Buitléar (22 January 1930 -- 27 January 2013) was an Irish writer, musician and film maker.	Éamon de Buitléar	22 January 1930
date of birth	David Manga (born 3 February 1989) is a Central African international footballer playing with Hapoel Ironi Kiryat Shmona.	David Manga	3 February 1989
date of birth	Ion Ababii (born 11 February 1944 in Ochiul Alb, Drochia) is a Moldovan physician who was Minister of Health of Republic of Moldova.	Ion Ababii	11 February 1944
date of birth	Giovanna Margherita Dalmet, also called Delmaz and Dalmaz (1739 -- 11 January 1817), was a Dogaressa of Venice by marriage to the Doge Paolo Renier (r. 1779--1789).	Margherita Dalmet	1739
date of birth	Lương Chí Dũng (D without Đ is pronounced ``Zung'', born 21 January 1985) is a Vietnamese professional pool player.	Lương Chí Dũng	21 January 1985
date of birth	Tore Schweder (born 16 January 1943) is a Norwegian statistician and is a professor at the Department of Economics and at the Centre for Ecology and Evolutionary Synthesis at the University of Oslo.	Tore Schweder	16 January 1943
date of birth	Roger Murray-Leach (born 25 June 1943) is a British Production Designer, who is probably best known for his work on British television series' Doctor Who and Blake's 7 in the 1970s, although he went on later to work on major feature films.	Roger Murray-Leach	25 June 1943
date of birth	Livingston L. Holder, Jr. (born 29 September 1956) was a USAF astronaut in the Manned Spaceflight Engineer Program during the mid-1980s.	Livingston L. Holder, Jr.	29 September 1956
date of birth	Irman Gusman (born 11 February 1962) is an Indonesian statesman and businessman.	Irman Gusman	11 February 1962
date of birth	Charles de Salis, was born 25 July 1736 in the Parish of St. James, Westminster and died sine prole, Hieres, Provence, July 1781.	Charles de Salis	25 July 1736
date of birth	John Mitten (born 30 March 1941) is an English former sportsman who played both football and cricket during the 1950s, '60s and '70s.	John Mitten	30 March 1941
date of birth	Anna Karen (born 19 September 1936) is a South African-born English film, television and theatre actress.	Anna Karen	19 September 1936
date of birth	Eugene Williams, Sr. is an author, educator, and inventor who was born on November 23, 1942 in Orange County, Virginia, USA.	Eugene Williams, Sr.	1942
date of birth	Adriaen Isenbrandt (or Adrien, Isenbrant, Ysenbrant, Ysenbrandt or Hysebrant; between 1480 and 1490 -- July 1551) was a Flemish Northern Renaissance painter, who from documentary evidence was clearly a significant artist of his period, but to whom no specific works can be clearly documented.	Adriaen Isenbrandt	1480
date of birth	Fr. Andrew Pinsent (born 19 August 1966) is Research Director of the Ian Ramsey Centre for Science and Religion at Oxford University, a member of the Theology Faculty, a Research Fellow of Harris Manchester College and a Catholic priest of the diocese of Arundel and Brighton in England.	Andrew Pinsent	19 August 1966
date of birth	Adrienn Szarka (born 28 June 1991 in Kiskunhalas) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Ferencvárosi TC in left wing position.	Adrienn Szarka	28 June 1991
date of birth	William Kentridge (born 28 April 1955) is a South African artist best known for his prints, drawings, and animated films.	William Kentridge	28 April 1955
date of birth	Sean Lineen (born 25 December 1961) is a Scottish rugby player, originally from New Zealand.	Sean Lineen	25 December 1961
date of birth	Dugu Qieluo (Chinese: 獨孤伽羅; 544 -- September 10, 602), formally Empress Wenxian (文獻皇后), was an empress of the Chinese Sui dynasty.	Dugu Qieluo	544
date of birth	Wimal Kumara de Costa (born 1948) is a Sri Lankan actor most notable for his character roles in art films by directors like Dharmasena Pathiraja, Sunil Ariyaratne and Gamini Fonseka.	Wimal Kumara de Costa	1948
date of birth	Frank Meisler (born 1929) is a German-born Israeli architect and sculptor.	Frank Meisler	1929
date of birth	Hans Østerholt (29 August 1873 -- 7 November 1958) was a Norwegian trade unionist, editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties.	Hans Østerholt	29 August 1873
date of birth	Adrian Weale (born 9 February 1964) is a British writer, journalist, historian, illustrator and photographer of Welsh origin.	Adrian Weale	9 February 1964
date of birth	Giuseppe Giovinco (born 26 September 1990) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro club Savona as a second striker.	Giuseppe Giovinco	26 September 1990
date of birth	Katherine Ellis (born Katherine Jane Margaret Wood on 21 June 1965 in Bromley, England) is an English dance music vocalist and songwriter.	Katherine Ellis	1965
date of birth	Ipče Ahmedovski (Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic: Ипче Ахмедовски; 6 January 1966 - 30 July 1994) was a popular Serbian and Macedonian folk singer.	Ipče Ahmedovski	6 January 1966
date of birth	David J. Farrar (born 1921) is an English engineer who led the Bristol team which developed the Bristol Bloodhound surface-to-air missile, which defended Britain's nuclear deterrent for many years and were widely sold abroad.	David J. Farrar	1921
date of birth	Rafael Rivera Garcia is an artist, muralist and professor of Art. Garcia was born in New York City in 1930.	Rafael Rivera Garcia	1930
date of birth	Emperor Ming of Southern Qi ((南)齊明帝) (452--498), personal name Xiao Luan (蕭鸞), courtesy name Jingqi (景栖), nickname Xuandu (玄度), was an emperor of the Chinese dynasty Southern Qi in the 5th century.	Emperor Ming of Southern Qi	452
date of birth	Adam Ellis (born 21 March 1996) is a British grasstrack and speedway rider.	Adam Ellis	21 March 1996
date of birth	Nance Dicciani (born 1947) is an American chemical engineer.	Nance Dicciani	1947
date of birth	Ole Holm (28 December 1870 -- 29 January 1956) was a Norwegian rifle shooter.	Ole Holm	28 December 1870
date of birth	Hans Sande (born 20 December 1946) is a Norwegian psychiatrist, poet, novelist and children's writer.	Hans Sande	20 December 1946
date of birth	Julie Westwood (born 21 October 1952) is an English voice actress, best known for the voice of Bessie Busybody and Pixel in the English version of the children's television show LazyTown, as well as a career of other voices.	Julie Westwood	21 October 1952
date of birth	Saypulla Absaidov (born 14 July 1958 in Tarki, Dagestan ASSR) is a former Soviet wrestler and Olympic champion and World Champion 1981 in Freestyle wrestling.	Saypulla Absaidov	14 July 1958
date of birth	Uwe Neuhaus (born 26 November 1959) is a retired German football player and a football manager in charge of Dynamo Dresden.	Uwe Neuhaus	26 November 1959
date of birth	David Galbraith (born 20 December 1983) is an English footballer who plays for St Albans City.	David Galbraith	20 December 1983
date of birth	Walter Weller (30 November 1939 -- 14 June 2015) was an Austrian conductor and violinist.	Walter Weller	30 November 1939
date of birth	Alison Tyler (born 1972) is an American author, editor and publisher of erotica, living in Northern California.	Alison Tyler	1972
date of birth	Zhou Chaochen (Chinese: 周巢塵; born 1 November 1937, Nanhui District, Shanghai) is a Chinese computer scientist.	Zhou Chaochen	1 November 1937
date of birth	Elfriede Gerstl (16 June 1932 -- 9 April 2009) was an Austrian author and Holocaust-survivor.	Elfriede Gerstl	16 June 1932
date of birth	Devin Toner (born 29 June 1986) is a professional rugby player.	Devin Toner	29 June 1986
date of birth	Tim Lowly (born 1958 in Hendersonville, North Carolina) is a Chicago artist, musician, and teacher.	Tim Lowly	1958
date of birth	Sture Bjørvig (born 5 November 1973) is a Norwegian competition rower.	Sture Bjørvig	5 November 1973
date of birth	Charles Dickinson West (January 1847 -- 10 January 1908) was an Irish mechanical engineer and naval architect, who worked for many years at the Imperial College of Engineering, in Meiji era Japan.	Charles Dickinson West	January 1847
date of birth	Estelle Asmodelle (born 22 April 1964), formerly known as Estelle Maria Croot, is an Australian model, belly dancer, musician, activist, inventor, abstract artist and academic.	Estelle Asmodelle	22 April 1964
date of birth	Mamadou Koulibaly (born 21 April 1957) is an Ivorian politician, Chairman of LIDER (Liberté et Démocratie pour la République), a classical liberal political party he founded on July 2011.	Mamadou Koulibaly	21 April 1957
date of birth	Ossy Renardy (26 April 1920 -- 3 December 1953) was an Austrian classical violinist, who made a major impression in Europe before migrating to the United States at age 17.	Ossy Renardy	26 April 1920
date of birth	Ope Peleseuma (born 11 February 1992) is a rugby union footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wellington in the ITM Cup.	Ope Peleseuma	11 February 1992
date of birth	Oda of Brabant (also called Oda of Anderlues; 1134--1158) was a Belgian prioress of the 12th century, commonly revered as a saint.	Oda of Brabant	1134
date of birth	Caleb Cook Baldwin (1820 - July 20, 1911; Chinese: 摩憐 or 摩嘉立; Pinyin: Mólián, Mó Jiālì; Foochow Romanized: Mò̤-lèng, Mò̤ Gă-lĭk) was one of the first Presbyterian missionaries to Foochow, China.	Caleb Cook Baldwin	1820
date of birth	Major-General Reginald Booth Stockdale CB CMG OBE FIMechE (12 January 1908 -- 12 April 1979) was Colonel Commandant of the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers between 1963 and 1968.	Reginald Booth Stockdale	1908
date of birth	Oliver Kraus (born 1970 in Shepherd's Bush, London) is an English musician best known for his work as a cellist and string arranger/ producer and composer for film and television.	Oliver Kraus	1970
date of birth	Marcello Bacciarelli (Italian pronunciation: (marˈtʃɛllo battʃaˈrɛlli); 16 February 1731 -- 5 January 1818) was a Polish-Italian painter of the late-baroque and Neoclassic periods.	Marcello Bacciarelli	16 February 1731
date of birth	Nick Tatham (born 11 June 1983, Hong Kong) is a British singer-songwriter who has dealt with Tourette syndrome for most of his life whilst writing and recording ballads, pop songs and other assorted modern music.	Nick Tatham	11 June 1983
date of birth	Ron van den Beuken (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈrɔn vɐn dɛm ˈbøː.kə(n)); born 10 April 1970 in Horst) is a Dutch DJ and record producer.	Ron van den Beuken	10 April 1970
date of birth	Mark Ravina (born 1961) is a scholar of early modern (Tokugawa) Japanese history, and Professor of History at Emory University, where he has taught since 1991.	Mark Ravina	1961
date of birth	Phantly Roy Bean, Jr. (c. 1825 -- March 16, 1903) was an eccentric U.S. saloon-keeper and Justice of the Peace in Val Verde County, Texas, who called himself ``The Law West of the Pecos''.	Roy Bean	1825
date of birth	Robin Fulton (born 6 May, 1937 on the Isle of Arran), is a Scottish poet and translator.	Robin Fulton	6 May, 1937
date of birth	Tom Pickard (born 1946, Newcastle upon Tyne, England) is a poet, and documentary film maker who was an important initiator of the movement known as the British Poetry Revival.	Tom Pickard	1946
date of birth	Tomas Rudin (born 1965) is a Swedish Social Democratic politician in the opposition in the Stockholm district.	Tomas Rudin	1965
date of birth	Salvador Ferrando (1835--1908) was a Mexican painter from Tlacotalpan who specialized in portraits and landscapes, mostly of the Papaloapan and Tlacotalpan regions.	Salvador Ferrando	1835
date of birth	Patrick Madrid (born 1960) is an American Catholic author, radio host, apologist, the host of several EWTN television and radio series, and was the publisher of Envoy Magazine.	Patrick Madrid	1960
date of birth	Deborra-Lee Furness (born 8 December 1955) is an Australian actress, director and producer.	Deborra-Lee Furness	8 December 1955
date of birth	Shantona Bag (born 25 January 1985) is an Australian qualified medical practitioner and an internationally performing classical dancer often touted as the ``dancing doctor''.	Shantona Bag	25 January 1985
date of birth	Dijana Števin (born 23 October 1986) is a Serbian handballer who plays for the French club Cercle Dijon Bourgogne.	Dijana Števin	23 October 1986
date of birth	Laurence Ryan was born in 1931, to Michael and Brigid Ryan of Ballycrinnigan, St. Mullins, County Carlow.	Laurence Ryan	1931
date of birth	Carola Reyna (born 15 April 1962) is an Argentine actress and director from Buenos Aires.	Carola Reyna	15 April 1962
date of birth	Girindrasekhar Bose (30 January 1887 -- 3 June 1953) was an early 20th-century South Asian psychoanalyst, the first president (1922--1953) of the Indian Psychoanalytic Society.	Girindrasekhar Bose	30 January 1887
date of birth	Bruce Parker (born 20 July 1941) is a British journalist and television presenter whose career spanned the mid-1960s to 2003, when he retired.	Bruce Parker	20 July 1941
date of birth	Lya Mara (1 August 1897 -- 1 March 1960) was one of the biggest stars of the German silent cinema.	Lya Mara	1 August 1897
date of birth	Jerzy Sterczyński (born 1957) is a Polish pianist and piano teacher.	Jerzy Sterczyński	1957
date of birth	Peter England (born 6 September 1983 in Hitchin, Hertfordshire) is an English actor, best known for his roles as Arnie in Teachers, David Ash in Haunted, Matt in Matt's Million, Ben Galloway in Family Affairs and as regular TC in Casualty.	Peter England	6 September 1983
date of birth	Dominick Miserandino (born November 22, 1972) is an American entrepreneur, author and journalist.	Dominick Miserandino	1972
date of birth	M. H. Bhutta (born 21 January 1955 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian manager.	M. H. Bhutta	21 January 1955
date of birth	Anderson Alves da Silva or simply Anderson (born 10 January 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Enosis Neon Paralimni in the Cypriot First Division.	Anderson Alves da Silva	10 January 1983
date of birth	Oreet Ashery (born 1966 in Jerusalem, Israel) is an interdisciplinary artist based in London.	Oreet Ashery	1966
date of birth	Christina Kokotou (Greek: Χριστίνα Κοκότου; born 9 January 1972 in Agrinio) is a Greek race walker.	Christina Kokotou	9 January 1972
date of birth	Chris Thredgold (born 8 May 1971) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Sturt in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) from 1991 to 2002.	Chris Thredgold	8 May 1971
date of birth	Miranda Campa (born 31 January 1914) was a Swiss-born Italian actress and voice actress.	Miranda Campa	31 January 1914
date of birth	Mbongeni Khumalo (born 15 July 1976) is a South African performance poet, poet and writer.	Mbongeni Khumalo	15 July 1976
date of birth	Lambros Tzavelas (Greek: Λάμπρος Τζαβέλας, 1745--1792) was a Greek leader of the Souliotes.	Lambros Tzavelas	1745
date of birth	Seán Óg Sheehy (born 24 May 1939) is an Irish former Gaelic footballer who played as a left wing-back for the Kerry senior team.	Seán Óg Sheehy	24 May 1939
date of birth	David Barsamian (born 1945) is an Armenian-American radio broadcaster, writer, and the founder and director of Alternative Radio, a Boulder, Colorado-based syndicated weekly talk program heard on some 150 radio stations in various countries.	David Barsamian	1945
date of birth	Meenakshi Lekhi (born 30 April 1967) is an Indian Member of Parliament in the Lok Sabha from New Delhi constituency.	Meenakshi Lekhi	30 April 1967
date of birth	Richard Loveridge (born 15 January 1963) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Richard Loveridge	15 January 1963
date of birth	Elariz Mammadoğlu (Azerbaijani: Elariz Məmmədoğlu) (17 December 1964, Baku - ) is an Azerbaijani singer.	Elariz Mammadoğlu	17 December 1964
date of birth	Elisabeth Neumann-Viertel (5 April 1900 -- 24 December 1994) was an Austrian actress who started her career in Germany during the 1920s.	Elisabeth Neumann-Viertel	5 April 1900
date of birth	Jan Erik Langangen (born 11 May 1950) is a Norwegian businessperson and lawyer.	Jan Erik Langangen	11 May 1950
date of birth	Izidor Perera-Matić (2 July 1912 -- 24 January 1944) was Croatian Jewish physician and Partisan.	Izidor Perera-Matić	2 July 1912
date of birth	Vasileios Vrachnos (Greek: Βασίλειος Βραχνός, 1887--1971) was a Hellenic Army general, most notable for his leadership in the Greco-Italian War of 1940--41, and post-war conservative politician.	Vasileios Vrachnos	1887
date of birth	Chaim Walder (born 1969) is an Israeli Haredi rabbi and author of literature for children, adolescents, and adults.	Chaim Walder	1969
date of birth	Zoran Baldovaliev (Macedonian: Зоран Балдовалиев; born 4 March 1983) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Kerkyra .	Zoran Baldovaliev	4 March 1983
date of birth	Tony Hannan (born 11 June 1963 in Bradford, Yorkshire, England) is an author, journalist and publisher who specialises in British popular culture.	Tony Hannan	11 June 1963
date of birth	Cheng Enze (Chinese:程恩泽/程恩澤, 1785--1837) was a Chinese scholar and poet of late Qing Dynasty.	Cheng Enze	1785
date of birth	Giacomo Perez-Dortona or d'Ortona (born 11 November 1989) is a French competitive swimmer belonging to club CN Marseille.	Giacomo Perez-Dortona	11 November 1989
date of birth	Harun Nasution (1919--1998) was an Indonesian scholar who described himself as a neo-Mutazilite, a modern follower of the medieval movement of the Mutazila.	Harun Nasution	1919
date of birth	John Spaull (born 20 August 1977) is an Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne in 2000 and 2001.	John Spaull	20 August 1977
date of birth	Jamie Sives (/ˈsiːvəs/ SEE-vəs; born 14 August 1973) is a Scottish actor.	Jamie Sives	1973
date of birth	Wendy Rawlings (born 1967) is an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, and critic.	Wendy Rawlings	1967
date of birth	Finn Øglænd (born 7 October 1957 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian author, poet, translator and literature critic.	Finn Øglænd	1957
date of birth	Emilio Ferrera (born 19 June 1967, Schaarbeek) is a Belgian former football player and currently coach of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Emilio Ferrera	19 June 1967
date of birth	Georges Prêtre (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔʁʒ pʁɛːtʁ); born 14 August 1924) is a French orchestral and opera conductor.	Georges Prêtre	14 August 1924
date of birth	Lawrence Paros (born 21 February 1934) is an author and high school teacher, best known for his work in alternative education.	Lawrence Paros	21 February 1934
date of birth	Adrian Woodhouse (born 27 July 1951) is a British writer, journalist and collector.	Adrian Woodhouse	27 July 1951
date of birth	John Bester (born 1927), born and educated in England, is one of the foremost translators of modern Japanese fiction.	John Bester	1927
date of birth	François Miron (born 1962) is a French-Canadian experimental filmmaker also working in documentary and fiction.	François Miron	1962
date of birth	Tsippi Fleischer (born 1946) (Hebrew: ציפי פליישר) is an Israeli composer.	Tsippi Fleischer	1946
date of birth	S. Morris Engel (born 1931) is an author, philosopher, and linguist.	S. Morris Engel	1931
date of birth	Prof. Suraj Paliwal (born 8 November 1951) is a professor and author from India, who writes in Hindi.	Suraj Paliwal	8 November 1951
date of birth	Hāfiz Mirza Nasir Ahmad (Urdu: مرزا ناصر احمد) (16 November 1909 -- 9 June 1982) was Khalifatul Masih III (Arabic: khalīfatul masīh al-Thālith ,خليفة المسيح الثالث‎), head of the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community.	Mirza Nasir Ahmad	16 November 1909
date of birth	Trevor Gard (born 2 June 1957) is a former English first-class cricketer who made over 100 appearances for Somerset between 1976 and 1989.	Trevor Gard	2 June 1957
date of birth	Ibrahim Shema was born on 22 September 1952 at Dutsin-Ma town in Katsina State.	Ibrahim Shema	22 September 1952
date of birth	Berwyn Price (born 15 August, 1951) is a former Welsh international athlete.	Berwyn Price	15 August, 1951
date of birth	Tony Michell (3 December 1947) is a British businessman, entrepreneur, and pioneer for early Korean development.	Tony Michell	3 December 1947
date of birth	Daniel Jubb (born 1984 in Manchester, England) is a British rocket scientist.	Daniel Jubb	1984
date of birth	Haidar Nasir Abdulshaheed (Arabic: حيدر ناصر عبد الشهيد‎) also known as Haider Jabreen, (born 13 January 1981 in Najaf) is an Iraqi discus thrower.	Haidar Nasir	13 January 1981
date of birth	Mohammed Fadi Beko commonly known as Fadi Beko (Arabic: محمد فادي بيكو‎; born 6 May 1991) is a Syrian footballer who plays for Samail SC in Oman First Division League.	Fadi Beko	6 May 1991
date of birth	Alexander Macfarlane FRSE (21 April 1851 -- 28 August 1913) was a Scottish logician, physicist, and mathematician.	Alexander Macfarlane	21 April 1851
date of birth	Jacob ter Veldhuis (born 14 November 1951 in Westerlee), also known as Jacob TV, is a Dutch avant-garde classical composer.	Jacob ter Veldhuis	14 November 1951
date of birth	Aasne Linnestå (born 3 December 1963) is a Norwegian author, lyricist, and literature critic.	Aasne Linnestå	3 December 1963
date of birth	Feliciano Reyna (2 December, 1955), is the founder of Acción Solidaria.	Feliciano Reyna	2 December, 1955
date of birth	Kristóf Nyíri (born 1944), is a member of HAS, was a guest at the University of Leipzig in the Winter Semester of 2006-2007 as Leibniz Professor, directed Communications in the 21st Century:	Kristóf Nyíri	1944
date of birth	Sir Charles Nicholson, 1st Baronet (23 November 1808 -- 8 November 1903) was an English-Australian politician, university founder, explorer, pastoralist, antiquarian and philanthropist.	Charles Nicholson	23 November 1808
date of birth	Edmund Fry (1754--1835) was an English type-founder.	Edmund Fry	1754
date of birth	Vahe Danielyan (Armenian: Վահէ Տանիելյան; born 14 January 1920) first served in the Fifth Army infantry in Ukraine during World War II and was captured no less than five times.	Vahe Danielyan	14 January 1920
date of birth	Professor Dines Bjørner (born 4 October 1937 in Odense) is a Danish computer scientist.	Dines Bjørner	4 October 1937
date of birth	Anatoly Kovler (born 26 August 1948) is a Tajikistani-born Russian lawyer, former professor at the Academic Law University of the Russian Academy of Sciences and currently the judge of the European Court of Human Rights in respect of Russia.	Anatoly Kovler	26 August 1948
date of birth	Miriam Aïda, born 24 September 1974, is a Swedish jazz singer.	Miriam Aïda	24 September 1974
date of birth	Pedro Carrasco (11 July 1943 -- 27 January 2001) was a Spanish boxer whose fame transcended the boxing ring.	Pedro Carrasco	11 July 1943
date of birth	Stevče Aluševski (Macedonian: Стевче Алушевски) (born 1 October 1972 in Sydney, Australia) is a former Macedonian handball player who last played for RK Metalurg Skopje, and for the Macedonia national handball team.	Stevče Aluševski	1 October 1972
date of birth	Sulabha Panandikar (born 9 April 1904, date of death unknown) was an Indian educator.	Sulabha Panandikar	9 April 1904
date of birth	John Pigdon (3 July 1832 -- 24 October 1903) was mayor of Melbourne from 1881--82.	John Pigdon	3 July 1832
date of birth	Sir John Ernle (1620--1697) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1695.	John Ernle	1620
date of birth	Toshio Laiseni (born 19 June 1985 in Nukuʻalofa, Tonga) is a Tongan rugby league footballer.	Toshio Laiseni	19 June 1985
date of birth	Rolf Noskwith (born 19 June 1919) is a British businessman, and during the Second World War worked under Alan Turing as a cryptographer at the Bletchley Park British military base.	Rolf Noskwith	19 June 1919
date of birth	Jonas Grimås (born 7 August 1958) is a Swedish film and television director, based in London since 1988.	Jonas Grimås	7 August 1958
date of birth	Louis Bernard, OQ (born 27 July 1937) is a Québécois politician and former public servant.	Louis Bernard	27 July 1937
date of birth	Tatsuhiko Ichihara (born 17 November 1978) is a Japanese professional golfer.	Tatsuhiko Ichihara	17 November 1978
date of birth	George Kenneth Green, also called Kenneth Green, (1911 -- August 1997) was an American accelerator physicist.	George Kenneth Green	1911
date of birth	Hans-Peter Lindstrøm (born 16 February 1973) is a Norwegian producer who works under the name Lindstrøm.	Hans-Peter Lindstrøm	16 February 1973
date of birth	James Sillett (1764--1840) was an English painter, born in Norwich where he spent much of his career.	James Sillett	1764
date of birth	Arthur James Michael Milner, 2nd Baron Milner of Leeds (12 September 1923 -- 20 August 2003) was a British solicitor and Labour politician.	Michael Milner, 2nd Baron Milner of Leeds	12 September 1923
date of birth	Alona Alegre (born 1948) is a Filipino actress who is the daughter of comedian actor Lou Salvador and LVN actress Inday Jalandoni.	Alona Alegre	1948
date of birth	Mark Kasprzyk (born 1977), better known by his stage name Redlight King, is a Canadian musician whose work ranges from rap rock to alternative rock.	Redlight King	1977
date of birth	Morris Joseph (born London, England, 28 May 1848) studied at Jews' College, London, and in 1868 was appointed rabbi of the North London Synagogue; in 1874 he went to the Old Hebrew Congregation of Liverpool, where he officiated as preacher until 1882.	Morris Joseph	1848
date of birth	Soo Kui Jien (Chinese: 苏桂健; pinyin: Sū Guìjiàn; born 31 August 1972), is a Malaysian television personality.	Soo Kui Jien	31 August 1972
date of birth	Margot Rhys (born 1914) was an Australian actress best known for her lead roles in two films from Charles Chauvel, Heritage (1935) and Uncvilised (1936).	Margot Rhys	1914
date of birth	Anya Linden, Lady Sainsbury of Preston Candover (born 3 January 1933) is a retired English ballerina.	Anya Linden	3 January 1933
date of birth	Joel Ekelöf, vocalist born 1980 in Stockholm.	Joel Ekelöf	1980
date of birth	Maria Badstue (born 1982) is a Danish orchestral conductor.	Maria Badstue	1982
date of birth	Sonya Scarlet (born 2 April 1980) is the singer and lyricist of the Italian extreme gothic metal band Theatres des Vampires.	Sonya Scarlet	2 April 1980
date of birth	Nikos Voutsis (Greek: Νίκος Βούτσης; born 4 March 1951) is a Greek politician who served as the Minister of the Interior and Administrative Reconstruction from January 2015 to August 2015 in the First Cabinet of Alexis Tsipras.	Nikos Voutsis	4 March 1951
date of birth	Jelena Tinska (Serbian: Јелена Тинска; born Jelena Petrović (Serbian: Јелена Петровић); 25 April 1953) is a famous Serbian actress, ballerina, dancer, writer, columnist and television presenter.	Jelena Tinska	25 April 1953
date of birth	Theodore Maynard (1890--1956) was an English poet, literary critic, and historian.	Theodore Maynard	1890
date of birth	John Arthur Blaikie (born 1849) was an English poet and journalist, born in Paddington, Middlesex.	John Arthur Blaikie	1849
date of birth	Wes Magee is a poet and children's author who was born in Greenock, Scotland in July, 1939.	Wes Magee	1939
date of birth	Vera Zavitsianou (Greek: Βέρα Ζαβιτσιάνου; 1927--2008) was a famous actress of Greek theatre.	Vera Zavitsianou	1927
date of birth	Christian Holstad (born 1972, California) is an American artist based in Brooklyn, New York City.	Christian Holstad	1972
date of birth	Vladimir Krivtsov (Russian: Владимир Кривцов; born 23 March 1952) is a retired Russian swimmer who won a silver in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships.	Vladimir Krivtsov	23 March 1952
date of birth	Bruce J. Oreck (born 3 January 1953) was the U.S. Ambassador to Finland until July 2015.	Bruce J. Oreck	1953
date of birth	Eric Prince (born 11 December 1924) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Port Vale in the mid-1940s.	Eric Prince	11 December 1924
date of birth	Gidi Kanyuk (Hebrew: גידי קניוק‎; born 11 February 1993) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Petah Tikva.	Gidi Kanyuk	11 February 1993
date of birth	Duan Shuqing (Chinese: 端淑卿; ca. 1510 -- ca. 1600) was a Chinese woman poet of the Ming dynasty.	Duan Shuqing	1510
date of birth	Markus Svendsen (born 28 February 1941 in Havøysund) is a Norwegian skier.	Markus Svendsen	28 February 1941
date of birth	The Right Reverend Archimandrite Dr. Jules C. E. Riotte (1901--May 6, 2000), was a priest of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Saint Nicholas in Chicago, and a researcher at the Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum in Honolulu.	Jules C. E. Riotte	1901
date of birth	Tristan D (born Tristan Dorian, 7 March 1988, Brighton), is a British Trance DJ and EDM music producer from Brighton, England.	Tristan D	7 March 1988
date of birth	Angel T. Tuninetti (born 1960) is an Argentinian professor of Latin American literature and Latin American cultures, specialising in travel literature from the 20th century.	Angel T. Tuninetti	1960
date of birth	William George Paulson Townsend (1868 -- 1941) was an English artist, designer, writer and editor.	William George Paulson Townsend	1868
date of birth	Dušan Markešević (born 13 February 1986) is a Serbian long-distance runner who specialized in the various long-distance track and cross country disciplines.	Dušan Markešević	13 February 1986
date of birth	Saad Eskander (born 1962) is a contemporary Iraqi Kurdish academic and researcher.	Saad Eskander	1962
date of birth	Adrian Piccoli (born 24 March 1970) is an Australian politician representing the electoral district of Murray in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly.	Adrian Piccoli	24 March 1970
date of birth	Roger A. Freeman (11 May 1928 -- 7 October 2005) was an English farmer who also became a noted military aviation historian specialising in US Eighth Air Force operations during World War II. Born in Ipswich, Suffolk, Freeman grew up on the family farm in Dedham, Essex.	Roger A. Freeman	11 May 1928
date of birth	Molly Renshaw (born 6 May 1996) is an English breaststroke swimmer.	Molly Renshaw	6 May 1996
date of birth	Brian McClendon (born 1964) is an American software designer, developer and engineer.	Brian McClendon	1964
date of birth	Jacob Gilles (ca. 1691 in Kollum -- September 10, 1765 in Ypenburg manor near Rijswijk) was Grand Pensionary of Holland from September 23, 1746 to June 18, 1749.	Jacob Gilles	1691
date of birth	Gaby Kennard (born 1944, East Melbourne, Victoria, Australia) was the first Australian woman to circumnavigate the globe by airplane.	Gaby Kennard	1944
date of birth	Lauren Bennett (born 23 June 1989) is an English singer, dancer, and model.	Lauren Bennett	23 June 1989
date of birth	Ricardo Mbarkho (25 January 1974 in Beirut, Lebanon), is a Lebanese contemporary artist.	Ricardo Mbarkho	25 January 1974
date of birth	Rómulo Rozo Peña was a sculptor, born in Bogota in 1899 (some authors affirm that he was born in Chiquinquirá, Boyacá).	Rómulo Rozo	1899
date of birth	Mohammad Hashim Maiwandwal (Pashto: محمد هاشم میوندوال‎ - born 1919 - died 1973) was an Afghan politician during the reign of Zahir Shah.	Mohammad Hashim Maiwandwal	1919
date of birth	Meysam Majidi (born 25 October 1986) is an Iranian Football Defender who currently plays for Persian Gulf Pro League club Esteghlal.	Meysam Majidi	25 October 1986
date of birth	Doris Leslie (née Oppenheim, later Lady Fergusson Hannay) (9 March 1891 -- 30 May 1982), was a British novelist, historical biographer and fiction writer.	Doris Leslie	9 March 1891
date of birth	John B. Biggs (John Burville Biggs), born in Hobart, Tasmania in 1934, is an Australian educational psychologist and novelist who developed the SOLO Taxonomy for assessing the quality of learning outcomes, and the model of constructive alignment for designing teaching and assessment (Biggs, 2007).	John B. Biggs	1934
date of birth	John Bridgwater FREng (born 10 January 1938) is a retired Shell Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Cambridge.	John Bridgwater	10 January 1938
date of birth	Per Høst (5 December 1907 -- 28 December 1971) was a Norwegian zoologist, film producer and non-fiction writer.	Per Høst	5 December 1907
date of birth	Josef Panáček (born 8 September 1937 in Staré Město (Uherské Hradiště District)) is a former Czechoslovak sport shooter and Olympic Champion.	Josef Panáček	8 September 1937
date of birth	Facundo Albin (born 27 October 1992) is an Argentine speedway rider who was Argentine champion in 2011.	Facundo Albin	27 October 1992
date of birth	Bilal Saad Mubarak (Arabic: بلال سعد مُبارك‎) (born 18 December 1972) is a Qatari shot putter.	Bilal Saad Mubarak	18 December 1972
date of birth	Dencho Denev (Bulgarian: Денчо Денев, born 22 August 1936) is a Bulgarian former sports shooter.	Dencho Denev	22 August 1936
date of birth	Antonio Virgili (Naples, 1957) is an Italian professor, researcher and consultant.	Antonio Virgili	1957
date of birth	Sonarika Bhadoria (born 3 December 1992) is an Indian film actress who predominantly works in Telugu films.	Sonarika Bhadoria	3 December 1992
date of birth	Maja Ivarsson, (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈmaj:ˈa ˈi:vaʂɔn), born 2 October 1979) is a Swedish singer and lead vocalist of the Swedish indie rock band The Sounds.	Maja Ivarsson	2 October 1979
date of birth	Seppo Harjanne (born 28 February 1948) is a Finnish former rally co-driver.	Seppo Harjanne	28 February 1948
date of birth	Fletcher B. Cherington (1850-1908) was an American Methodist reverend during the late 19th-early 20th century.	Fletcher B. Cherington	1850
date of birth	Peter Paul Koprowski (born 24 August 1947 in Łódź) is a Canadian composer, conductor, music educator, and pianist of Polish descent.	Peter Paul Koprowski	24 August 1947
date of birth	Sean Lakeman (born 1974) is an English folk musician and record producer.	Sean Lakeman	1974
date of birth	Valay Shende (15 September 1980, Nagpur, Maharashtra, India) is a sculptor and artist.	Valay Shende	15 September 1980
date of birth	Ann Kok (born 11 January 1973) is a Chinese Singaporean television actress and singer.	Ann Kok	11 January 1973
date of birth	A noted and established Scottish Artist and Professor of Art, Will Maclean was born in Inverness in 1941.	Will Maclean	1941
date of birth	Osman Oktay Ekşi (born 7 December 1932) is a Turkish journalist, author and politician.	Oktay Ekşi	7 December 1932
date of birth	Blessed Maria Teresa Casini (27 October 1864 -- 3 April 1937) was an Italian nun and was the founder of the Oblate Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus.	Maria Teresa Casini	27 October 1864
date of birth	Karin Kallmaker (born 1960) is the prolific American author of lesbian fiction whose works also include those originally written under the name Laura Adams.	Karin Kallmaker	1960
date of birth	Robert Victor Charles Robins (born 13 March 1935) known as Charles Robins is a former English cricketer and insurance executive.	Charles Robins	13 March 1935
date of birth	Ogeday (born 22 December 1981, Istanbul) is a Turkish rap singer.	Ogeday	22 December 1981
date of birth	Anna Signeul (born 20 May 1961) is a Swedish former football player, who has been the national coach of the Scotland women's team since March 2005.	Anna Signeul	20 May 1961
date of birth	Dorothy Garrett Smith (c. 1932 -- August 8, 1990) was the first woman to have served as president of the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, which establishes and monitors education policy.	Dorothy Garrett Smith	1932
date of birth	Juan Diego Calle was born on March 11, 1978 in Bogota, Colombia, where he was raised.	Juan Diego Calle	1978
date of birth	Gordon McRorie (born 12 May 1988) is a rugby union scrumhalf who plays for Prairie Wolf Pack and Canada.	Gordon McRorie	12 May 1988
date of birth	Jan Kratochvíl (born 10 February 1959) is a Czech mathematician and computer scientist whose research concerns graph theory and intersection graphs.	Jan Kratochvíl	10 February 1959
date of birth	Siegfried Frederick Nadel (24 April 1903 -- 14 January 1956), known as Fred Nadel, was an Austrian-born British anthropologist, specialising in African ethnology.	Siegfried Frederick Nadel	24 April 1903
date of birth	Lee Cataldi (born 1942) is a contemporary Australian poet and linguist.	Lee Cataldi	1942
date of birth	Katie Neil (born in 1989) is an American pop rock singer-songwriter and former actress.	Katie Neil	1989
date of birth	Morton Dean (born Morton Dubitsky in 1935 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is an American television news journalist who has worked for CBS News and ABC News since the mid-1960s.	Morton Dean	1935
date of birth	John B. Veihmeyer (born 29 June 1955) has been global chairman of KPMG LLP since April 2014.	John B. Veihmeyer	29 June 1955
date of birth	Sofia Mechetner (Hebrew: סופיה מצטנר‎) (born 4 December 2000) is an Israeli model and the current face of Dior.	Sofia Mechetner	4 December 2000
date of birth	Paul Prichard (born 7 January 1965) is an English cricketer who played for Essex County Cricket Club.	Paul Prichard	7 January 1965
date of birth	Serge Gumienny (born 14 April 1972, in Sint-Truiden) is a Belgian football referee.	Serge Gumienny	14 April 1972
date of birth	Bodagama Chandima was born on 3 February 1957 at Thanamalwila in southern Sri Lanka.	Bodagama Chandima	3 February 1957
date of birth	Mickey Huang (Chinese: 黃子佼; born 30 March 1972), also known as Huang Tzu-chiao (or Jiao Jiao), is a Taiwanese comedian, television host, and actor.	Mickey Huang	30 March 1972
date of birth	Clifford Harry Thompson AM (1 April 1926 - 8 May 2005), was an Australian geomorphologist and Principal Research Scientist with the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO).	Clifford Harry Thompson	1 April 1926
date of birth	Józef Wesołowski (15 July 1948 -- 27 August 2015) was a Polish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who was laicized by the Holy See in 2014.	Józef Wesołowski	15 July 1948
date of birth	Harold Keenan (born 20 December 1893, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer.	Harold Keenan	20 December 1893
date of birth	Enos Whittaker (1888 -- 1959) was an English footballer who played for Clapton Orient, Exeter City and Stoke.	Enos Whittaker	1888
date of birth	Steven Stretch (born 5 January 1964) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne and Fitzroy in the VFL/AFL and West Torrens in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Steven Stretch	5 January 1964
date of birth	Aïchatou Mindaoudou Souleymane (born 1959) is a Nigerien diplomat and politician who has been the United Nations' Special Representative for Côte d'Ivoire and Head of the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) since 2013.	Aïchatou Mindaoudou	1959
date of birth	Hanna Kokko (born 1971) is a scientist, working in the field of evolution and ecology.	Hanna Kokko	1971
date of birth	Luigi Furini (Lungavilla, Italy, 29 January 1954) is an Italian journalist and poet.	Luigi Furini	29 January 1954
date of birth	Mostafa Gaafar (Arabic: مصطفى جعفر‎; born 3 April 1981) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for FC Masr.	Mostafa Gaafar	3 April 1981
date of birth	George Lewis Scott (1708--1780) was an English royal tutor, encyclopedist, and dilettante.	George Lewis Scott	1708
date of birth	Fei Yu (simplified Chinese: 费煜; traditional Chinese: 費煜; pinyin: Fèi Yù; born 6 February 1991) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shenzhen Ruby in the China League One.	Fei Yu	6 February 1991
date of birth	Mike Jankowski, (born 1976) known as ``Coach Janks,'' is a skiing and snowboarding coach.	Mike Jankowski	1976
date of birth	Ronnie Bremer (born 14 October 1978) is a Danish racecar driver who has driven in the Champ Car World Series.	Ronnie Bremer	14 October 1978
date of birth	Sapphire Elia (born 15 April 1987), is an English actress, model and singer best known for her roles in musical drama Britannia High and the soap opera Emmerdale.	Sapphire Elia	15 April 1987
date of birth	Zdeněk Tůma (born 19 October 1960) is a Czech economist and a former Governor of the Czech National Bank since 1 December 2000.	Zdeněk Tůma	19 October 1960
date of birth	Sally Bott (born 11 November 1949) is a USA businesswoman and serves as one of the Board of Directors at UBS AG. She was elected to the Board of Directors at UBS AG at the EGM in October 2008.	Sally Bott	11 November 1949
date of birth	Harry Sukman (December 2, 1912 -- December 2, 1984) was an American film and television composer.	Harry Sukman	1912
date of birth	Maggie Orth (born 1964, Columbus, OH) is an American artist and technologist who helped create the field of E-textiles.	Maggie Orth	1964
date of birth	Narendra Mohan Sen (1887--1963) was an Indian freedom fighter and revolutionary involved with Anushilan Samiti.	Narendra Mohan Sen	1887
date of birth	Kristijan Ipša (born 4 April 1986 in Poreč) is a Croatian footballer of Slovenian heritage who currently plays as a central defender.	Kristijan Ipša	4 April 1986
date of birth	Doctor P is the stage name of the English dubstep producer and DJ, Shaun Brockhurst (born 9 April 1986).	Doctor P	9 April 1986
date of birth	Norman Bethune Sanson (1862--1949) was the curator of the Banff Park Museum in Banff, Alberta from 1896 to 1932.	Norman Bethune Sanson	1862
date of birth	Papaliitele Max Amata Taogaga (born 28 April 1949) is a retired Samoan professional wrestler, best known for his appearances in the World Wrestling Federation as Siva Afi.	Siva Afi	28 April 1949
date of birth	Walter Godefroot (born 2 July 1943) is a retired Belgian professional road bicycle racer and former directeur sportif of Team Telekom, later known as T-Mobile Team, professional team.	Walter Godefroot	2 July 1943
date of birth	Will Steacy (born 1980 in the USA) is a writer and photographer based in New York.	Will Steacy	1980
date of birth	Wang Cui (Chinese: 王翠, born 15 October 1989) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist.	Wang Cui	15 October 1989
date of birth	Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart KT (1 May 1708 -- 10 March 1770), styled Lord Huntingtower from 1712 to 1727, was a Scottish nobleman.	Lionel Tollemache, 4th Earl of Dysart	1 May 1708
date of birth	John Dawson Dewhirst (1952 -- c. August 1978) was a British teacher and amateur yachtsman who was one of nine western adventurers, and two Britons, known to fall victim to the Khmer Rouge during the genocidal rule of Pol Pot.	John Dawson Dewhirst	1952
date of birth	Wu Jun (born May 1972) is a Chinese politician from Guizhou province.	Wu Jun	May 1972
date of birth	Gian Giacomo Caprotti da Oreno, better known as Salaì (``The Devil'', lit. ``The little unclean one'') (1480 -- before 10 March 1524), was an Italian artist and pupil of Leonardo da Vinci from 1490 to 1518.	Salaì	1480
date of birth	Claudia Cislek (born 1990), using the stage name of Lolita Jolie, is a German singer of Polish descent.	Claudia Cislek	1990
date of birth	Richard C. Steiner (born 1945) is a Semitist and a scholar of Northwest Semitic languages, Jewish Studies, and Near Eastern texts.	Richard C. Steiner	1945
date of birth	Nenad Bjeković (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Бјековић; born 5 November 1947) is a former Yugoslav and Serbian football player, manager and administrator.	Nenad Bjeković	5 November 1947
date of birth	Ajeya Pratap Singh formly known as Ajeya Singh, born in 1956, is a politician belonging to Indian National Congress and 42nd Raja Bahadur of Manda.	Ajeya Pratap Singh	1956
date of birth	John Holwell (24 November 1649 -- 1686?) was an English astrologer and mathematician.	John Holwell	24 November 1649
date of birth	Prahlad Kakkar (born 24 March 1950 in Mumbai) is a leading Indian ad film director, best known for his work on the famous Pepsi TV commercial with Amitabh Bachchan and Sachin Tendulkar.	Prahlad Kakkar	24 March 1950
date of birth	William Sproston Caine (26 March 1842 -- 17 March 1903) was a British politician and Temperance advocate.	William Sproston Caine	26 March 1842
date of birth	Iain Robertson (born 27 May 1981) is a BAFTA award winning Scottish actor, once described by British film critic, Barry Norman, as ``the best thing to come out of Scotland since whisky''.	Iain Robertson	27 May 1981
date of birth	David Pereira da Costa (born 15 March 1977), simply known as David, is a former Brazilian footballer who played as a striker.	David Pereira da Costa	15 March 1977
date of birth	Inaam Kachachi (Arabic: انعام كحه جه) (born 1952) is an Iraqi journalist and author.	Inaam Kachachi	1952
date of birth	Ahmed Saif born (1 January 1983) is a former Qatari professional snooker player.	Ahmed Saif	1 January 1983
date of birth	Harold Shepherdson (28 October 1918 -- 14 September 1995) was an English football player, coach and manager.	Harold Shepherdson	28 October 1918
date of birth	Paul Girgash (born c. 1961) is a retired American football linebacker.	Paul Girgash	1961
date of birth	František Wolf (1904--1989) was a Czech mathematician known for his contributions to trigonometry and mathematical analysis, specifically the study of the perturbation of linear operators.	František Wolf	1904
date of birth	Huang Rui (born 1952) is a Chinese artist known for his social and cultural criticism.	Huang Rui	1952
date of birth	Ohad Moskowitz (born 1974), known professionally as Ohad, is an Orthodox Jewish vocalist who is one of the superstars of the contemporary Jewish religious music scene.	Ohad Moskowitz	1974
date of birth	Börje Vestlund (born 1960) is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since 2002.	Börje Vestlund	1960
date of birth	Joseph Lanner (12 April 1801 -- 14 April 1843) was an Austrian dance music composer.	Joseph Lanner	12 April 1801
date of birth	Eliezer Shlomovich (Hebrew: אליעזר שלומוביץ'‎, born 1947) is a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Netanya.	Eliezer Shlomovich	1947
date of birth	Espen Lind (born 13 May 1971) is a Norwegian record producer, songwriter, singer, and multi-instrumentalist.	Espen Lind	13 May 1971
date of birth	David Rotem (Hebrew: דוד רותם‎, 11 January 1949 -- 8 June 2015) was an Israeli politician.	David Rotem	11 January 1949
date of birth	Myles Standish (c. 1584 -- October 3, 1656) was an English military officer hired by the Puritans as military adviser for Plymouth Colony.	Myles Standish	1584
date of birth	Frederick William Bourne (1830--1905) was an English preacher and author.	Frederick William Bourne	1830
date of birth	Reinhard Hartmann was born on 8 April 1938 in Vienna, Austria, as the son of Walther and Gerta Hartmann.	Reinhard Hartmann	1938
date of birth	Judith L. French (born 1962) is an American jurist.	Judith L. French	1962
date of birth	Sir Charles Abercrombie Smith (12 May 1834 - 1 May 1919) was a prominent scientist, politician and civil servant of the Cape Colony.	Charles Abercrombie Smith	12 May 1834
date of birth	Michele Scarponi (born 25 September 1979) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, currently riding for UCI ProTeam Astana.	Michele Scarponi	25 September 1979
date of birth	Marcello Lippi, Commendatore OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (marˈtʃɛllo ˈlippi); born 12 April 1948) is an Italian World Cup-winning former professional football manager and player.	Marcello Lippi	12 April 1948
date of birth	William Langson Lathrop (1859--1938) was an American Impressionist landscape painter and founder of the art colony at New Hope, Pennsylvania.	William Langson Lathrop	1859
date of birth	Mark Abrahams (born 1958) is an American fashion and portrait photographer.	Mark Abrahams	1958
date of birth	Matteo Messina Denaro (born 26 April 1962), also known as Diabolik, is a Sicilian Mafia boss.	Matteo Messina Denaro	26 April 1962
date of birth	Vipin Pubby (born 5 January 1956) is a former Resident Editor of The Indian Express, Chandigarh.	Vipin Pubby	5 January 1956
date of birth	Valerijs Semjonovs (born 7 August 1958) is a former Latvian footballer who for the most of his career played for FK Daugava Rīga.	Valerijs Semjonovs	7 August 1958
date of birth	Patnam Subramania Iyer (1845 -- July 31, 1902) was a composer and singer of Carnatic music.	Patnam Subramania Iyer	1845
date of birth	Terepai Maoate Jnr (born 5 December 1961), also known as Junior Maoate, is a Cook Islands politician.	Terepai Maoate Jnr	5 December 1961
date of birth	Joe Tyler - (Joseph Tyler) born 1 April 1982 in Halifax, West Yorkshire is a Freestyle skier.	Joe Tyler	1982
date of birth	Alexander Schnetzler (born 17 April 1979 in Rohrdorf) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right-back for SC Pfullendorf.	Alexander Schnetzler	17 April 1979
date of birth	Errol McLean (3 June 1952) is a Guyanese former cyclist.	Errol McLean	3 June 1952
date of birth	Sir Charles Philip Haddon-Cave (better known as Philip Haddon-Cave; Chinese: 夏鼎基爵士 ), KBE, CMG (6 July 1925 -- 27 September 1999) was Financial Secretary of Hong Kong from 1971 to 1981.	Philip Haddon-Cave	6 July 1925
date of birth	Danielle Fisher (born 1985) is an American mountain climber who in 2005 became the youngest person to complete the Seven Summits and the youngest American to climb Mount Everest.	Danielle Fisher	1985
date of birth	Geraint Watkins (born Geraint Meurig Vaughan Watkins, 5 February 1951), is a rock and roll pianist and accordionist backing artistes such as;	Geraint Watkins	5 February 1951
date of birth	Frederick William Wallace (11 December 1886 -- 15 July 1958) was a journalist, photographer, historian and novelist.	Frederick William Wallace	11 December 1886
date of birth	Danijel Prskalo (born 27 October 1990) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina-born and Austria-based Croatian footballer who is a free agent after playing for TSV Hartberg.	Danijel Prskalo	27 October 1990
date of birth	Vasile Ernu (born 1971) is a Soviet-born Romanian writer and left-wing social activist, being one of the founders and coordinators of the Critic Atac website.	Vasile Ernu	1971
date of birth	Vincenz Hasak (b. Neustadt, near Friedland, Bohemia, 18 July 1812; d. 1 September 1889, as dean of Weisskirchlitz, near Teplice) was a Catholic historian.	Vincenz Hasak	18 July 1812
date of birth	Mary Ormsby (born 1960) is an associate sports editor for the Toronto Star.	Mary Ormsby	1960
date of birth	Anu Malik (born 2 November 1960), born Anwar Sardaar Malik, is an Indian music director and singer who primarily works in the Hindi film industry.	Anu Malik	2 November 1960
date of birth	Born in Paris on 14 July 1764 into a family of the petty bourgeoisie, Jean-François Varlet studied at the Collège d'Harcourt.	Jean-François Varlet	14 July 1764
date of birth	Father William T. Cunningham (1930 -- May 26, 1997), a Detroit native, began studies for priesthood in 1943 at Sacred Heart Seminary.	William T. Cunningham	1930
date of birth	Mark Hooper was born in Darlington on 14 July 1901 into a footballing family; his brother Bill had an eight-year-long professional career while other brothers Chas and Danny had brief periods in the paid ranks.	Mark Hooper	14 July 1901
date of birth	Ralph Whitworth, born in Sheffield, UK on 29 May 1924, was a cartoonist for the Sheffield Telegraph.	Ralph Whitworth	29 May 1924
date of birth	Jaroslav Krček (born 22 April 1939) is a Czech radio producer, conductor, inventor of musical instruments and composer of classical and folk music.	Jaroslav Krček	22 April 1939
date of birth	Colin Grainger (born 10 June 1933) is an English former footballer who played at outside left.	Colin Grainger	10 June 1933
date of birth	Roberto Dalla Vecchia (born 5 January 1968) is an Italian guitarist, composer, and singer.	Roberto Dalla Vecchia	5 January 1968
date of birth	Richard Walden (4 May 1948 -- 19 November 2009) was an English professional footballer.	Richard Walden	4 May 1948
date of birth	Brian Lavelle (born 1972) is an experimental Scottish sound artist, born in Glasgow but now living in Edinburgh.	Brian Lavelle	1972
date of birth	Li Qishi (born 16 August 1993) is a Chinese speed-skater.	Li Qishi	16 August 1993
date of birth	Dasi Prabhu Kiran (born 24 February 1989 in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh) is an Indian cricketer who plays first-class cricket for Andhra Pradesh.	Dasi Prabhu Kiran	24 February 1989
date of birth	Ngô Phương Lan (born 1987 in Hanoi) is Miss World Vietnamese 2007 and first runner up at Miss Vietnam UK 2007.	Ngô Phương Lan	1987
date of birth	Scott Cleverdon (born 31 July 1969) is a Scottish actor best known as the angel Pyriel in the film The Prophecy 3:	Scott Cleverdon	31 July 1969
date of birth	Padmini Chettur (born 1970) is an Indian contemporary dancer, trained by dancer-choreographer Chandralekha.	Padmini Chettur	1970
date of birth	Robert Dodd McConnell, known as Bertie McConnell (born 1921) is a former Army officer and politician in Northern Ireland.	Bertie McConnell	1921
date of birth	François Baert (25 August 1651 -- 27 October 1719) was a Belgian Jesuit hagiographer, one of the Bollandists.	François Baert	25 August 1651
date of birth	Mhamed El Khalifa (Arabic: محمد الخليفة‎ -- born 1939, Marrakech) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal party.	Mhamed El Khalifa	1939
date of birth	James Christian Charters (born 18 January 1988), better known as Ironik (formerly as DJ Ironik), is a British musician, DJ and rapper.	Ironik	18 January 1988
date of birth	Nikolai Shin (1928 in Dalnegorsk, Primorsky Krai, Soviet Union -- August 18, 2006 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan) was an Uzbekistani painter of Korean descent, sometimes referred to by Korean newspapers as the ``Picasso of Asia''.	Nikolai Shin	1928
date of birth	James McClurg (1746 -- July 9, 1823) was a delegate to the Philadelphia Convention and the 17th mayor of Richmond, Virginia.	James McClurg	1746
date of birth	Anna Kozlova (born 30 December 1972) is a former synchronized swimmer who competed in three Olympic Games.	Anna Kozlova	30 December 1972
date of birth	Selim Abdulakim (also transliterated in Romanian as: Selim Abdulachim) (1886-1943) known as the first Crimean Tatar lawyer in Romania was a leading politician of the Tatars in Romania, an activist for ethnic Tatar causes.	Selim Abdulakim	1886
date of birth	Mary Early (born 1975, Washington, DC) is a sculptor living and working in Washington DC. Her three-dimensional works in beeswax, wood, and concrete are abstract references to symmetrical and structured forms.	Mary Early	1975
date of birth	Wolfgang Kaleck (born 1960) is a German civil rights attorney.	Wolfgang Kaleck	1960
date of birth	Carmen Iohannis (also spelled Carmen Johannis; née Carmen Georgeta Lăzurcă) (born 2 November 1960) is the wife of President of Romania Klaus Iohannis.	Carmen Iohannis	2 November 1960
date of birth	Tina Mahon (born 24 June 1971 in London, England) is a former teenage actress, best known for her long-term role as Veronica ``Ronnie'' Birtles in the long-running BBC school drama, Grange Hill.	Tina Mahon	24 June 1971
date of birth	Lucas Alberto Pereira da Silva (born 16 June 1992), simply known as Lucas Mineiro, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder.	Lucas Alberto Pereira da Silva	16 June 1992
date of birth	K.M. Akhtaruzzaman (Bengali: কে.এম. আক্তারুজ্জামান; born 7 May 1956) is a Bangladeshi industrialist and philanthropist.	K.M. Akhtaruzzaman	7 May 1956
date of birth	Chauncey H. Griffith (1879--1956), American printer and typeface designer.	Chauncey H. Griffith	1879
date of birth	Femke Verschueren (born 8 May 2000) is a Belgian singer who represented her country at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011.	Femke Verschueren	8 May 2000
date of birth	Ann Lininger (/ˈlaɪnɪŋɜr/ LINE-ing-er) (born 1968) is a Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Oregon.	Ann Lininger	1968
date of birth	Madge Railton, better known as Madge Hindle (born 19 May 1938 in Blackburn, Lancashire) is an English actress, best known for her roles in television series.	Madge Hindle	19 May 1938
date of birth	Himarsha Venkatsamy (born 15 February 1984) is an Indian model and actress, known for winning the Kingfisher Calendar Hunt in 2010, defeating Anjali Lavania and Nidhi Sunil in the final round.	Himarsha Venkatsamy	1984
date of birth	Chen Shu-chu (Chinese: 陳樹菊; pinyin: Chén Shùjú; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Sū-kiok, born circa 1951) is a vegetable vendor and philanthropist from Taitung in southeastern Taiwan.	Chen Shu-chu	1951
date of birth	Anil Karanjai (27 June 1940 -- 18 March 2001) was an accomplished Indian artist.	Anil Karanjai	27 June 1940
date of birth	James E. Atwater (born 1946) is a retired North American multidisciplinary physical scientist with training in geophysics, chemistry and biological science.	James E. Atwater	1946
date of birth	Johann von Böber or Boeber or Johann Jacob Beberi (22 December 1746 -- 16 July 1820) was a German teacher, entomologist and botanist.	Johann von Böber	22 December 1746
date of birth	Aubrey Mallalieu (8 June 1873 -- 28 May 1948) was an English actor with a prolific career in supporting roles in films in the 1930s and 1940s.	Aubrey Mallalieu	8 June 1873
date of birth	Karl Höller (25 July 1907 -- 14 April 1987) was a German composer of the late Romantic tradition.	Karl Höller	25 July 1907
date of birth	Alojz Ipavec, also written as Lojze Ipavic (20 May 1815 -- 1849), was a Slovenian composer.	Alojz Ipavec	20 May 1815
date of birth	Steve Abrams (born 1949) is a Republican member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 32nd District.	Steve Abrams	1949
date of birth	Andrew Crater (born 20 February 1978 in Greensboro, North Carolina) is an American ex-professional road racing cyclist.	Andrew Crater	20 February 1978
date of birth	Edward Rainbowe or Rainbow (1608--1684) was an English clergyman and a noted preacher.	Edward Rainbowe	1608
date of birth	Lisa Keith (born 1962) is an American Christian contemporary/pop singer, probably best known for her work as a backing vocalist for other artists and lead vocalist on Herb Alpert's hit single from 1987, ``Making Love in the Rain''.	Lisa Keith	1962
date of birth	Soyeon Kate Lee (이소연, born 1979) is a Korean-American classical pianist, who currently lives in New York, USA.	Soyeon Kate Lee	1979
date of birth	Cezary Kucharski (Polish pronunciation: (t͡sɛˈzarɨ kuˈxarskʲi)) (born 17 February 1972) is a retired Polish football striker.	Cezary Kucharski	17 February 1972
date of birth	Karen Kresge (born 1957) is a British choreographer.	Karen Kresge	1957
date of birth	Frans Lebu Raya (born 18 May 1960 in Adonara, East Nusa Tenggara) is an Indonesian politician who is the 8th and current Governor of East Nusa Tenggara.	Frans Lebu Raya	18 May 1960
date of birth	Kristína Nevařilová (born 1991) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who has competed since 2007.	Kristína Nevařilová	1991
date of birth	Olga Lipovskaya (born 1954) is a Russian poet and feminist.	Olga Lipovskaya	1954
date of birth	Sinead Miller (born 9 June 1990) is an American elite racing cyclist and winner of the 2009 Collegiate Cycling National Criterium Championship.	Sinead Miller	9 June 1990
date of birth	Salvatore Matrecano (born 5 October 1970) is an Italian former footballer turned football coach, most recently of Lega Pro Prima Divisione team Foligno.	Salvatore Matrecano	5 October 1970
date of birth	Shubhangi Kulkarni (born 19 July 1959) is a former Indian women cricketer.	Shubhangi Kulkarni	19 July 1959
date of birth	Matthew Elderfield (born 12 January 1966) was Deputy Governor and Head of Financial Regulation at the Central Bank of Ireland, a position sometimes referred to colloquial in Ireland as the Financial Regulator between January 2010 and October 2013.	Matthew Elderfield	12 January 1966
date of birth	Itay Talgam (Hebrew: איתי טלגם ‎) (born 1958, Tel Aviv) is an Israeli conductor and business consultant.	Itay Talgam	1958
date of birth	Josip Metzger (17 August 1883 -- 21 June 1945) was a Croatian separatist, member of the fascist Ustaše organisation, and military leader.	Josip Metzger	1883
date of birth	Julius Weiss (born in 1840 or 1841) was a German-born American music professor, best known for being Scott Joplin's ``first piano teacher.''	Julius Weiss	1840
date of birth	Sydney Devine (born Cleland, Lanarkshire 1940) is a Scottish singer whose career began with a television appearance in 1953 at the age of thirteen, developed during eight years touring with the White Heather Group.	Sydney Devine	1940
date of birth	Patrik Sinkewitz (born 20 October 1980) is a professional German road racing cyclist, who competes for the Meridiana-Kamen team.	Patrik Sinkewitz	20 October 1980
date of birth	Hildebrando Pascoal Nogueira Neto (born 17 January 1952), popularly known as the Deputado Motosserra (chainsaw representative), is a Brazilian politician and former colonel of Acre State Military Police.	Hildebrando Pascoal	17 January 1952
date of birth	Cameron Wight (born 4 May 1985) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League.	Cameron Wight	4 May 1985
date of birth	Abraham Storck (or Sturckenburch) (bapt. 17 April 1644 in Amsterdm -- buried 8 April 1708), was a Dutch painter, who enjoyed a reputation for his marine paintings, topographical views and Italianate harbour scenes.	Abraham Storck	17 April 1644
date of birth	Iliya Mechkov (Bulgarian: Илия Мечков, born 4 September 1969) is a Bulgarian fencer.	Iliya Mechkov	4 September 1969
date of birth	Henry Abbey (11 July 1842 -- 7 June 1911), poet, was born in Rondout (now a part of Kingston), New York, the son of Stephen Abbey, a merchant of farm products, and Caroline Vail.	Henry Abbey	11 July 1842
date of birth	Dan Anghelescu (born 24 October 1958) is a retired Romanian football player and currently coach.	Dan Anghelescu	24 October 1958
date of birth	Henry Cadogan (1642--1713/14) of Liscarton was the son of Major William Cadogan and father of William Cadogan, 1st Earl Cadogan (1672--1726) and Charles Cadogan, 2nd Baron Cadogan (1685--1776).	Henry Cadogan	1642
date of birth	Ladislas Ntaganzwa (born 1962) is a Rwandan fugitive war criminal wanted for his role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Ladislas Ntaganzwa	1962
date of birth	Gordon Langford (born 11 May 1930 as Gordon Maris Colman) is an English composer, arranger and performer.	Gordon Langford	11 May 1930
date of birth	Chuck Currie (born 1969) is a United Church of Christ (UCC) minister in Portland, Oregon.	Chuck Currie	1969
date of birth	Bua Xou Mua (1915--2013) was a Hmong spiritual leader, village chief, and musician.	Bua Xou Mua	1915
date of birth	Robert Woge (born 14 May 1984) is a retired German professional boxer.	Robert Woge	14 May 1984
date of birth	Henry Race (born 7 January 1906 in Liverpool, England) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League starting on 15 February 1928.	Henry Race	7 January 1906
date of birth	Matevž Skok (born 2 September 1986) is a professional handball player, who is currently playing for Celje.	Matevž Skok	2 September 1986
date of birth	Prince Nikolai Petrovitch Troubetzkoy (1828--1900) was a Privy Counsellor and Chamberlain of the Russian Imperial Court, relative of the Decembrist Prince S. P. Troubetzkoy, served as the President of the Moscow branch of the Russian Musical Society, and for many years was a close aide of the composer Nikolai Rubinstein.	Nikolai Petrovitch Troubetzkoy	1828
date of birth	Themos Anastasiadis (Greek: Θεμιστοκλής (Θέμος) Αναστασιάδης) (born 6 January 1958) is a Greek journalist.	Themos Anastasiadis	6 January 1958
date of birth	Yvonne McGuinness (born 12 October 1972) is an Irish visual artist who works in a variety of contexts, including video installation and print.	Yvonne McGuinness	12 October 1972
date of birth	Conyers Kirby (1884 -- 9 April 1946), also known as Ralph Kirby, was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Birmingham.	Conyers Kirby	1884
date of birth	Parvin Dowlatabadi (Persian: پروین دولت آبادی‎) born 1924-April 15, 2008 was an Iranian children's author and poet.	Parvin Dowlatabadi	1924
date of birth	Dean Jarvis (born 1 June 1992) is a Northern Irish footballer who plays for Derry City in the League of Ireland as a left back.	Dean Jarvis	1 June 1992
date of birth	Warren Winiarski (born 1928) is a California winemaker.	Warren Winiarski	1928
date of birth	Mário Brandão da Silveira, or simply Marlon (born 26 January 1987), is a Brazilian striker.	Mário Brandão da Silveira	26 January 1987
date of birth	Robert Guy Scully (born 1950) is a Canadian television producer, interviewer and host, and a former journalist.	Robert Guy Scully	1950
date of birth	Kenneth Pye (birth registered January→March 1933 (age 82--83)) birth registered in Pontefract district, is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s and '60s, playing at club level for Castleford.	Kenneth Pye	1933
date of birth	Kaushik Basu (born 9 January 1952), is an Indian economist and academic who is Senior Vice-President and Chief Economist of the World Bank.	Kaushik Basu	9 January 1952
date of birth	Sir Samuel McCaughey (1 July 1835 -- 25 July 1919) was an Irish-born pastoralist, politician and philanthropist in Australia.	Samuel McCaughey	1 July 1835
date of birth	Nikolaus Herbet (20 March 1889 -- date of death unknown) was a German SS officer and the second and last commandant of Warsaw concentration camp, during the period from September 1943 to July 1944.	Nikolaus Herbet	20 March 1889
date of birth	Darryl Sutton (born 27 July 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for North Melbourne, Richmond and Sydney in the VFL.	Darryl Sutton	27 July 1952
date of birth	Karl-Erik Palmér (17 April 1929 -- 2 February 2015), also known as Calle Palmér, was a Swedish professional football player.	Karl-Erik Palmér	17 April 1929
date of birth	Ali Akbar Pourmoslemi (Persian:علی اکبر پورمسلمی; born 8 November 1951) is an Iranian international football instructor and professional coach.	Ali Akbar Pourmoslemi	8 November 1951
date of birth	Benjamin Northey (born 1970) is an Australian conductor, musician and arranger.	Benjamin Northey	1970
date of birth	Viktória Petróczi (born 27 February 1983 in Győr) is a Hungarian team handball goalkeeper who plays for IUVENTA Michalovce.	Viktória Petróczi	27 February 1983
date of birth	Johnny Fry (1840 -- October 6, 1863) was the first ``official'' westbound rider of the Pony Express.	Johnny Fry	1840
date of birth	Thomas Foley, 3rd Baron Foley PC, DL (22 December 1780 -- 16 April 1833), was a British peer and Whig politician.	Thomas Foley, 3rd Baron Foley	22 December 1780
date of birth	Major General Smain Lamari (Arabic: إسماعيل العماري‎, 1941 -- August 28, 2007) was the head of an Algerian intelligence service, the Department of Counter-Espionage and Internal Security.	Smain Lamari	1941
date of birth	Laura Bates BEM (born 27 August 1986) is a British feminist writer.	Laura Bates	27 August 1986
date of birth	Tivi Etok (born 1929) is a Canadian Inuit artist, illustrator, and printmaker.	Tivi Etok	1929
date of birth	Mick Peppard (28 April 1877 -- 30 January 1939) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Mick Peppard	28 April 1877
date of birth	Julia Unwin FAcSS (born 6 July 1956) is Chief Executive of the Joseph Rowntree Foundation (JRF) and the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust(JRHT).	Julia Unwin	6 July 1956
date of birth	Iravatham Mahadevan (born 2 October 1930) is an Indian epigraphist and former civil servant, known for his successful decipherment of Tamil-Brahmi inscriptions and for his expertise on the epigraphy of the Indus Valley Civilization.	Iravatham Mahadevan	1930
date of birth	Dominic Marquard, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort (7 November 1690 -- 11 March 1738) was the second Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort.	Dominic Marquard, Prince of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rochefort	7 November 1690
date of birth	Tao Deng (born June 1963) is a Chinese palaeontologist at the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology (IVPP), Chinese Academy of Sciences, who has made important fossil discoveries on Cenozoic mammals.	Tao Deng	June 1963
date of birth	Patrick Leo Kelly (1914--2007) was a journalist, publicist, writer and public activist.	Leo Kelly	1914
date of birth	Robert R. Bennett (born 1958) is an American businessman who was the president and director of the Discovery Holding Company from 2005 to 2008 and president and CEO of Liberty Media from 1997 to 2005.	Robert R. Bennett	1958
date of birth	Ganna Khlistunova (also Hanna or Anna, Ukrainian: Ганна Хлістунова; born 27 February 1988) is a Ukrainian swimmer who won one bronze and two gold medals in the 100 m breaststroke at the 2006 European Aquatics Championships and 2007 World Aquatics Championships.	Ganna Khlistunova	27 February 1988
date of birth	Chris Gutierrez (born Christopher Juno Gutierrez Balbin on 9 May 1992) is a Filipino actor.	Chris Gutierrez	9 May 1992
date of birth	Nino Buonocore (born 26 July 1958) is an Italian singer-songwriter, best known for the songs ``Rosanna'' and ``Scrivimi''.	Nino Buonocore	26 July 1958
date of birth	Florence Crauford Grove (1838--1902) was an English mountaineer and author, sometimes known as F. Crauford Grove.	Florence Crauford Grove	1838
date of birth	Datuk Liew Vui Keong (simplified Chinese: 刘伟强; traditional Chinese: 劉偉強; pinyin: Liú Wěiqiáng; born 18 January 1960) is a Malaysian politician.	Liew Vui Keong	18 January 1960
date of birth	Fernand Lungren (1857-1932) was an American painter and illustrator mostly known for his paintings of American South Western landscapes and scenes (California, New Mexico, Arizona) as well as for New York and European city street scenes.	Fernand Lungren	1857
date of birth	Yekta Uzunoglu or (Kurdish: Yekta Geylanî‎) (b. 1953 Silvan, Diyarbakır, Turkey), is a contemporary Kurdish writer, translator, physician and entrepreneur.	Yekta Uzunoglu	1953
date of birth	Paul Claes (born 30 October 1943) is a Flemish writer, poet and translator.	Paul Claes	30 October 1943
date of birth	Apuckshunubbee (ca. 1740--October 18, 1824) was one of three principal chiefs of the Choctaw Native American tribe in the early nineteenth century, from before 1800.	Apuckshunubbee	1740
date of birth	Atif Sheikh (born 18 February 1991 in Nottingham) is an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club.	Atif Sheikh	18 February 1991
date of birth	John Eldon Smith (1930 -- December 15, 1983) was convicted of the murders of Ronald and Juanita Akins.	John Eldon Smith	1930
date of birth	Pope Benedict VIII (Latin: Benedictus VIII; ca. 980 -- 9 April 1024) reigned from 18 May 1012 to his death in 1024.	Pope Benedict VIII	980
date of birth	Syed Rasel (Bengali: সৈয়দ রাসেল) (born 3 July 1984) is a Bangladeshi cricketer.	Syed Rasel	3 July 1984
date of birth	Thomas Reineck (born 18 November 1967) is a West German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.	Thomas Reineck	18 November 1967
date of birth	Penupatruni Adinarayana Rao (1915--1991), also known as P. Adinarayana Rao was a Telugu music director, film producer, lyricist and play writer.	P. Adinarayana Rao	1915
date of birth	Miles Anderson (born 23 October 1947) is a Zimbabwean stage and television actor, who has appeared in television serials both in the United Kingdom, and North America.	Miles Anderson	23 October 1947
date of birth	Thomas Wæhler (born 28 July 1973) is a Norwegian football defender who last played for Norwegian team Skeid.	Thomas Wæhler	28 July 1973
date of birth	Ivan Vaughan (18 June 1942 -- 16 August 1993) was a boyhood friend of John Lennon, and later schoolmate of Paul McCartney at the Liverpool Institute, both commencing school there in September 1953.	Ivan Vaughan	18 June 1942
date of birth	Emeka Jude Ugali (born 28 May 1982) is a Nigerian football striker, who is currently a player of Pro Vigevano.	Emeka Jude Ugali	28 May 1982
date of birth	Matthew Dicken (born 27 December 1992) is an English darts player who currently competes in British Darts Organisation events.	Matthew Dicken	27 December 1992
date of birth	Mehrzad Marashi; (born 20 September 1980) is an Iranian-German singer and winner of Deutschland sucht den Superstar season 7.	Mehrzad Marashi	20 September 1980
date of birth	Sven-Olof Walldoff (2 May 1929 -- 7 June 2011) was a Swedish record producer, composer and orchestra conductor who is best known for conducting the orchestra for ABBA's song ``Waterloo'' for the Eurovision Song Contest 1974, wearing a Napoleon costume.	Sven-Olof Walldoff	2 May 1929
date of birth	Patrizia Pellegrino (born 28 July 1962) is an Italian actress, television personality and singer.	Patrizia Pellegrino	28 July 1962
date of birth	Marlene Nourbese Philip (born 3 February 1947), usually credited as M. NourbeSe Philip, is a Canadian poet, novelist, playwright, essayist and short story writer.	M. NourbeSe Philip	3 February 1947
date of birth	Stephanie Sinclair (born 1973, Miami, FL) is an American photojournalist who focuses on gender and human-rights issues such as child marriage and self-immolation.	Stephanie Sinclair	1973
date of birth	Margaret Greville, 6th Baroness Willoughby de Broke and de jure 14th Baroness Latimer (c. 1561 -- 1631) was a peeress in the peerage of England.	Margaret Greville, 6th Baroness Willoughby de Broke	1561
date of birth	K. Jayakumar (Malayalam: കെ. ജയകുമാര്‍) (born 6 October 1952) is a senior Indian Administrative Service (IAS) officer from Kerala who retired as the Chief Secretary, Government of Kerala.	K. Jayakumar	6 October 1952
date of birth	Marjorie Schwarzer (born 1957) is an American museum writer and educator.	Marjorie Schwarzer	1957
date of birth	Professor Gordon McVie (born 13 January 1945) is an international authority on the treatment and research of cancer.	Gordon McVie	13 January 1945
date of birth	Jean-Louis Ubaud (born in Oullins in 1959) is a French politician, a member of the Socialist Party.	Jean-Louis Ubaud	1959
date of birth	Moshe Sharoni (Hebrew: משה שרוני‎, born 1929) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009.	Moshe Sharoni	1929
date of birth	Marcelle Karp, a.k.a. Betty Boob, (born 1964), is an American feminist writer, editor, and television director and producer.	Marcelle Karp	1964
date of birth	Harold M. Koch (born 1932) was a Roman Catholic priest from Chicago who defected to the Soviet Union in 1966.	Harold M. Koch	1932
date of birth	Gareth Nichols (born 17 June 1983) is an Australian bobsledder.	Gareth Nichols	17 June 1983
date of birth	Robert C. Michelson (born 1951) is an American engineer and academic widely known for inventing the entomopter, a biologically inspired flapping-winged aerial robot, and for having established the International Aerial Robotics Competition.	Robert C. Michelson	1951
date of birth	Laura Augé (born 17 January 1992) is a French competitor in synchronized swimming who competed in the 2011 World Aquatics Championships and 2013 World Aquatics Championships.	Laura Augé	17 January 1992
date of birth	Franz Karl Hofmann, later Charles Hofmann (1763 -- 24 May 1823) was a Dutch musician and composer.	Charles Hofmann	1763
date of birth	Antje Möldner-Schmidt (born 13 June 1984) is a German track and field athlete who specialises in middle distance running and the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Antje Möldner-Schmidt	13 June 1984
date of birth	William Horsfall Carter, most commonly known in print as W. Horsfall Carter (25 March 1900 - 9 June 1976) was a British journalist and European civil servant.	W. Horsfall Carter	25 March 1900
date of birth	Harry Thubron OBE (Henry James Thubron, 1915--1985) was an English artist and art teacher.	Harry Thubron	1915
date of birth	Stephanie Kelton née Bell (born 1969) is an American economist and an associate professor, currently chairing the Department of Economics at the University of Missouri--	Stephanie Kelton	1969
date of birth	Caroline Redman Lusher (born Caroline Anne Lusher, 17 April 1974) is an English singer and musician, best known for being the founder and director of Rock Choir, the world's largest amateur contemporary choir.	Caroline Redman Lusher	17 April 1974
date of birth	Carolyn Leonhart (born 10 July 1971) is a jazz singer, daughter of jazz bassist Jay Leonhart and sister of the trumpeter Michael Leonhart.	Carolyn Leonhart	10 July 1971
date of birth	Ash Thorp (born March 1983) is an illustrator, graphic designer, and creative director for feature films, commercial marketing, and print.	Ash Thorp	1983
date of birth	Nancy Mercado Ph.D. (Born December 1959) is an American writer, editor, educator and activist; her work focuses on issues of injustice, the environment, and the Puerto Rican and Latino experience in the United States.	Nancy Mercado	1959
date of birth	Andrew Sewnauth (born 26 February 1982 in Glasgow) is a Scottish field hockey player, who was a member of the national squad that finished 8th in the 2003 European Nations Cup in Barcelona and won the 2003 Celtic Cup.	Andrew Sewnauth	26 February 1982
date of birth	Michel Seymour (born 1954) is a Québécois philosopher and professor at the Université de Montréal, where he has been teaching analytical philosophy (philosophy of language and philosophy of mind) since 1990.	Michel Seymour	1954
date of birth	Geraint Anderson (born 1972 in Notting Hill, London), is a former City of London utilities sector analyst, and newspaper columnist, best known for his City Boy column in thelondonpaper.	Geraint Anderson	1972
date of birth	Peter Németh (born 14 September 1972) is a retied Slovak football player of Hungarian ethnic origin.	Peter Németh	14 September 1972
date of birth	May Lorna O'Brien BEM (born 20 May 1932) is an Australian educator and author.	May Lorna O'Brien	20 May 1932
date of birth	Aleksandrs Solovjovs born 25 February 1988) is a Latvian footballer, currently playing for Daugava Daugavpils in the Latvian Higher League.	Aleksandrs Solovjovs	25 February 1988
date of birth	Sebastian Clover, more commonly known as Seb Clover (born 15 January 1987), is an English record-breaking sailor and paramedic.	Seb Clover	15 January 1987
date of birth	Aart Koopmans (12 October 1946 -- 15 January 2007) was a Dutch business man, president of the Dutch winter speed skating marathon organisation and founder of the Alternative Elfstedentocht.	Aart Koopmans	12 October 1946
date of birth	Ravi Kapoor (born 27 June 1969) is an English actor of Indian heritage best known for his roles on Gideon's Crossing and Crossing Jordan.	Ravi Kapoor	27 June 1969
date of birth	Aleksandr Gitselov (Russian: Александр Гицелов; born 24 November 1963) is a retired Russian professional footballer.	Aleksandr Gitselov	24 November 1963
date of birth	Ricky O'Loughlin (born 4 July 1979) is a former indigenous Australian rules footballer who played with Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ricky O'Loughlin	4 July 1979
date of birth	Della V. Knight (28 January 1878 -- 17 September 1960) went to the German Hospital Training School for Nurses in Brooklyn New York and graduated on 12 May 1903.	Della V. Knight	28 January 1878
date of birth	Burton J. Westcott (1868--1926) was one of Springfield, Ohio's most prominent citizens and successful businessmen.	Burton J. Westcott	1868
date of birth	Dushmanthe Srikanthe Ranetunge (born 25 December 1960), commonly known as Dushy Ranetunge, is a Sri Lankan journalist based in London.	Dushy Ranetunge	25 December 1960
date of birth	Billy Ocean (born Leslie Sebastian Charles; 21 January 1950) is a Trinidadian-born English recording artist who had a string of R&B international pop hits in the 1970s and 1980s.	Billy Ocean	21 January 1950
date of birth	Bernard Zuel (born 21 January 1965, Rose-Hill, Mauritius) is an Australian music journalist.	Bernard Zuel	21 January 1965
date of birth	George Suttor (11 June 1774 -- 5 May 1859) was an Anglo-Scottish farmer and pioneer settler of Australia, who is notable as the founder of a significant Australian family, and also as a supporter of Captain Bligh following the 1808 Rebellion at Sydney, New South Wales.	George Suttor	11 June 1774
date of birth	Jillian Lane (9 May 1960 -- 9 October 2013) was a British psychic best known for having Michael Jackson as her client.	Jillian Lane	9 May 1960
date of birth	Nasser Madani (Persian: ناصر مدنی‎; born 4 July 1940) is an Iranian fencer.	Nasser Madani	4 July 1940
date of birth	Babak Karimi (Persian: بابک کریمی‎‎, born 1960) is an Iranian actor.	Babak Karimi	1960
date of birth	John Jesnor Lindsay (born 1939) is a Scottish former photographer who turned to the more lucrative trade of making blue movies during the late 60s and all the way through the 70s.	John Jesnor Lindsay	1939
date of birth	Le Dake (simplified Chinese: 乐大克; traditional Chinese: 樂大克; pinyin: Lè Dàkè; born March 1960) is a former Chinese politician.	Le Dake	1960
date of birth	Ihor Podushkin (1 November 1963) was a football referee.	Ihor Podushkin	1 November 1963
date of birth	João Urbano Pessoa de Vasconcelos Suassuna, better known as João Suassuna (9 January 1886 -- 9 October 1930) was a Brazilian politician from the Sertão region.	João Urbano Pessoa de Vasconcelos Suassuna	9 January 1886
date of birth	Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈiŋkvar̥ ˈɛkkɛr̥t ˈsɪːɣʏr̥θsɔn); born 22 November 1963) is an Icelandic actor who has worked extensively in Icelandic cinema.	Ingvar Eggert Sigurðsson	22 November 1963
date of birth	Antoine Fauchery (1823--1861) was a French adventurer, writer and photographer with republican sympathies.	Antoine Fauchery	1823
date of birth	James Harley (born 1959) is a Canadian composer, author, and professor of music born in Vernon, British Columbia.	James Harley	1959
date of birth	Till Backhaus (born Neuhaus 13 March 1959) is a German politician.	Till Backhaus	13 March 1959
date of birth	William W. Stinson (born 1935) is a former chairman and chief executive officer of Canadian Pacific Railway and former chairman of Sun Life Financial.	William W. Stinson	1935
date of birth	Alan Wilks (born Slough, Buckinghamshire (now Berkshire) 5 October 1946) was a footballer with Queens Park Rangers.	Alan Wilks	1946
date of birth	Eleanor Cross Marquand (15 Apr 1873-- 27 Feb 1950) was an authority on the representation and symbolism of flowers and trees in art, particularly of floral emblems in the early Christian church.	Eleanor Cross Marquand	1873
date of birth	Triumf Riza (7 May 1979 - August 30, 2007) was a police officer, and member of an elite protection unit with the fledgling Kosovo Police Service, who was killed in the line of duty during an ongoing clash with the Enver Sekiraqa gang, an Ethnic Albanian crime syndicate that operates in Kosovo.	Triumf Riza	7 May 1979
date of birth	William Gordon Burn Murdoch (22 January 1862 -- 19 July 1939) was a Scottish painter, travel writer and explorer.	William Gordon Burn Murdoch	22 January 1862
date of birth	Mick Wall (born 23 June 1958) is a British music journalist, radio and TV presenter and author.	Mick Wall	23 June 1958
date of birth	Danay Suarez (born Danay Suarez Fernandez c. 1985) is a Cuban R&B and rap singer.	Danay Suarez	1985
date of birth	Davie Armour (11 April 1953 -- 2004) was a Scottish former professional football player who is best known for his time with Ayr United.	Davie Armour	11 April 1953
date of birth	Nadim Kobeissi (born 1990) is a computer programmer and security researcher based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Nadim Kobeissi	1990
date of birth	Johannes Falnes (born 15 December 1931) is a Professor Emeritus of Experimental Physics at the Department of Physics of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology noted for his contributions to wave energy research.	Johannes Falnes	15 December 1931
date of birth	Morteza Mansouri (Persian: مرتضی منصوری born 3 August 1994) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Khoneh Be Khoneh in the Persian Gulf League.	Morteza Mansouri	3 August 1994
date of birth	Dragan Šarac (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Шарац; born 27 September 1975) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played as a left-back.	Dragan Šarac	27 September 1975
date of birth	Nicola Willoughby (born 1981) is an English model from Lincolnshire.	Nicola Willoughby	1981
date of birth	Ashley Sexton (born 21 October 1987) is an English professional boxer who was born in Edmonton, North London.	Ashley Sexton	21 October 1987
date of birth	Moon Dae-seong (Hangul: 문대성; Hanja: 文大成; born 15 March 1986) is a South Korean footballer.	Moon Dae-seong	15 March 1986
date of birth	Mahir Jasem (Arabic: ماهر جاسم‎) (born 22 January 1989) is an Emirati footballer.	Mahir Jasem	22 January 1989
date of birth	George Spartels (born 25 April 1954) is an Australian actor of Greek descent on his father's ancestry, and Irish/English on his mother's, and his has a younger brother who is a director for the Carlton Football Club in the national AFL .	George Spartels	25 April 1954
date of birth	Ng Eng Hen (simplified Chinese: 黄永宏; traditional Chinese: 黃永宏; pinyin: Huáng Yǒnghóng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: N̂g Éng-hông; born 10 December 1958) is a Singaporean politician.	Ng Eng Hen	10 December 1958
date of birth	Kim Gyo-gak (김교각, 金喬覺, 696-794), or Jin Qiaojue in Mandarin, was a Buddhist monk believed to be the manifestation of Ksitigarbha at Mount Jiuhua, one of the four sacred mountains of Chinese Buddhism, located in Anhui province, China.	Kim Gyo-gak	696
date of birth	Su You-peng (born 11 September 1973), also known as Alec Su, is a Taiwanese actor, pop singer, television producer, and film director.	Alec Su	11 September 1973
date of birth	Viktor Alekseevich Zverev (Russian: Виктор Алексеевич Зверев, born 1935) Russian physicist, specialist in optics, Professor of Saint-Petersburg National Research University of Information Technologies, Mechanics and Optics.	Viktor Alekseevich Zverev	1935
date of birth	Olga Erofeeva (Russian: Ольга Ерофеева; born 1985) is a Russian professional triathlete, 2011 National Elite Duathlon Champion, and National Aquathlon Vice-Champion of 2011.	Olga Erofeeva	1985
date of birth	Renée French (born 1963) is an American comics writer and illustrator and, under the pen name Rainy Dohaney, a children's book author.	Renée French	1963
date of birth	Myron Angel (1827-1911) was a historian and journalist who led efforts to found California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo, California.	Myron Angel	1827
date of birth	Michael A. Calhoun (born 1954) is an Army National Guard major general who serves as the Adjutant General of Florida.	Michael A. Calhoun	1954
date of birth	Phil Clarke (born Sunday 16 May 1971 in Blackrod, Lancashire) is an English professional rugby league football commentator and former player of the 1980s and '90s.	Phil Clarke	16 May 1971
date of birth	Tsuneo Tamagawa (Japanese: 玉河 恒夫, Tamagawa Tsuneo, born in 1925 in Tokyo) is a mathematician.	Tsuneo Tamagawa	1925
date of birth	Dr. Louis Achille Othello Bayard ``de Cayes'' (1885--1971) is a Haitian musician, violinist, poet, and composer.	Othello Bayard	1885
date of birth	John Albert Morris (July 1836 -- May 25, 1895) was an American businessman widely known as the ``Lottery King'' and a prominent figure in the sport of thoroughbred horse racing.	John Albert Morris	July 1836
date of birth	Robert Studley Vidal (1770--1841) was an English barrister, known as a translator, legal writer and antiquary.	Robert Studley Vidal	1770
date of birth	Zorica Brunclik (Serbian Cyrillic: Зорица Брунцлик; born 29 June 1955) is a Serbian singer of folk music, both traditional and newly composed.	Zorica Brunclik	29 June 1955
date of birth	KeMonito (Born in 1967 ) is a Mexican Mascota enmascarado, or masked professional wrestling manager/mascot currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) portraying a tecnico (``Good guy'') wrestling character.	KeMonito	1967
date of birth	James Begley (born 22 July 1980) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Sturt Football Club in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	James Begley	22 July 1980
date of birth	Aharon Mordechai Rokeach (born 12 October 1975 (7 Cheshvan 5736)) is the only child and heir of the current Rebbe of Belz, Rabbi Yissachar Dov Rokeach.	Aharon Mordechai Rokeach	12 October 1975
date of birth	Bertrand du Pouget (Italian Bertrando del Poggetto) (1280 -- 3 February 1352) was a French papal diplomat and Cardinal.	Bertrand du Pouget	1280
date of birth	Ekoji II Bhonsle (1694 or 1696--1737) aka Venkoji II or Vyankoji II of the Bhonsle dynasty was the eldest surviving son of Maratha king of Thanjavur Tukkoji who succeeded to the throne on the death of his father in 1736.	Ekoji II	1696
date of birth	Samuel Teuber (born 13 February 1987) is a Chilean footballer who plays as striker and is currently a free agent.	Samuel Teuber	13 February 1987
date of birth	Akachukwu Sullivan Nwankpo (born 10 April 1962), is a Nigerian politician, Igbo political leader and peace-maker.	Akachukwu Sullivan Nwankpo	10 April 1962
date of birth	John Helder Wedge (1793 -- 22 November 1872) was a surveyor, explorer and politician in Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania, Australia).	John Helder Wedge	1793
date of birth	Dai Paterson (born 24 April 1977) is an Australian stage and film actor who has appeared in such television series as Beastmaster and Dog's Head Bay.	Dai Paterson	24 April 1977
date of birth	Pavel Bareisha (Belarusian: Павал Барэйша; born 16 February 1991) is a Belarusian athlete whose specialty is the hammer throw.	Pavel Bareisha	16 February 1991
date of birth	Theo Streete (born 23 November 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Nuneaton Town.	Theo Streete	23 November 1987
date of birth	'Kirti Vardhan Singh' (born 1 March 1966) is an Indian politician for the Gonda (Lok Sabha constituency) in Uttar Pradesh.	Kirti Vardhan Singh	1 March 1966
date of birth	Clare Buckfield (born 10 April 1976) is an English actress, best known for playing the role of Jenny Porter in the BBC sitcom 2point4 Children for most of the nineties and Natasha Stevens in the CBBC series Grange Hill.	Clare Buckfield	10 April 1976
date of birth	Leandro Joaquim Ribeiro (born 13 January 1995), commonly known as Leandro, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a striker for Sport Club Internacional.	Leandro Joaquim Ribeiro	13 January 1995
date of birth	Michael Sheard (18 June 1938 -- 31 August 2005) was a Scottish actor who featured in a large number of films and television programmes and was best known for playing villains.	Michael Sheard	18 June 1938
date of birth	Edip Yüksel (Kurdish: ادیپ یوکسل; born 1957) is a Kurdish American intellectual considered one of the prime figures in the modern Islamic reform and Quranism (Quraniyoon) movements.	Edip Yüksel	1957
date of birth	The Rev Dr John Pye-Smith FRS, FGS (25 May 1774 -- 5 February 1851) was a Congregational theologian and tutor, associated with reconciling geological sciences with the Bible, repealing the Corn Laws and abolishing slavery.	John Pye-Smith	25 May 1774
date of birth	Elizabeth Putnam Sohier (1847--1926), a member of Boston's wealthy class, persuaded the Massachusetts Legislature to establish the Free Library Commission in 1890--the first of its kind in the United States.	Elizabeth Putnam Sohier	1847
date of birth	Pamela Colman Smith (16 February 1878 -- 18 September 1951), also nicknamed Pixie, was an English American artist, illustrator, and writer.	Pamela Colman Smith	16 February 1878
date of birth	Cassandra Cass (born Casey, 1978 in Des Moines, Iowa) is an American actress and performer and reality-television star.	Cassandra Cass	1978
date of birth	Einar Steensnæs (born 10 March 1942) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democrats, and served as parliamentary representative for Rogaland 1993-1997.	Einar Steensnæs	1942
date of birth	Nina Starr Braunwald (1928--1992) was an American thoracic surgeon and medical researcher who was among the first women to perform open-heart surgery.	Nina Starr Braunwald	1928
date of birth	Andrew McGuire (born in 1945 in Oakland, California) is an American trauma prevention specialist and grassroots campaigner.	Andrew McGuire	1945
date of birth	Yang Lu-ch'an or Yang Luchan, also known as Yang Fu-k'ui or Yang Fukui (1799--1872), born in Kuang-p'ing (Guangping), was an influential teacher of the internal style martial art t'ai chi ch'uan (taijiquan) in China during the second half of the 19th century.	Yang Luchan	1799
date of birth	Guilherme Paraense (25 June 1884 -- 18 April 1968) was a Brazilian sport shooter and Olympic Champion.	Guilherme Paraense	25 June 1884
date of birth	Ilaria Mauro (born 22 May 1988) is an Italian football striker who plays in Germany for 1.	Ilaria Mauro	22 May 1988
date of birth	John Richard Sandbrook OBE (13 August 1946 -- 11 December 2005) was Director of the International Institute for Environment and Development from 1976 to 1980.	Richard Sandbrook	13 August 1946
date of birth	Klaus Bonhoeffer (5 January 1901 -- 23 April 1945) was a German jurist and resistance fighter against the Nazi régime who was executed after the July 1944 plot to kill Hitler.	Klaus Bonhoeffer	5 January 1901
date of birth	Diane Mantzaris (born 1962) is an Australian artist known for her pioneering application of digital imaging to printmaking and for her unconventional approach to image making, which is often both personal and political in content.	Diane Mantzaris	1962
date of birth	Micky Cross (born 1901) was an Irish hurler who played as a right wing-back and as a left corner-back for the Limerick senior team.	Micky Cross	1901
date of birth	Erik van Schaaik (Maartensdijk, 24 July 1968) is a Dutch animator, screenwriter, film- and television director, producer, production designer and composer.	Erik van Schaaik	24 July 1968
date of birth	Bruno Maag (born 1962) is a Swiss type designer and founder of type design company Dalton Maag.	Bruno Maag	1962
date of birth	Elgar Howarth (born 4 November 1935), is an English conductor, composer and trumpeter.	Elgar Howarth	4 November 1935
date of birth	Carsten Wieland was born in 1971, Mannheim, southwest Germany.	Carsten Wieland	1971
date of birth	Ève Luquet (born 6 September 1954 in Paris) is a stamp designer and engraver.	Ève Luquet	6 September 1954
date of birth	Avi Muchnick (born 1979) is an artist, author, programmer and entrepreneur.	Avi Muchnick	1979
date of birth	Steven R. Donziger (born in 1961) is an American lawyer, a former public defender who came to prominence for representing the plaintiffs (thousands of Amazon peasants and tribespeople ) in the Lago Agrio oil field case against the former well operator Texaco, now part of Chevron Corporation.	Steven R. Donziger	1961
date of birth	Jukka Laaksonen (born 15 July 1958 in Helsinki) is a Finnish comedian, impressionist and compere.	Jukka Laaksonen	15 July 1958
date of birth	Petr Rajnoha (born in 1974) is a Czech organist.	Petr Rajnoha	1974
date of birth	Gilbert L. Gigliotti (born 7 November 1961) is a Professor of early American literature in the English Department at Central Connecticut State University in New Britain, Connecticut, where he has taught since 1992.	Gilbert L. Gigliotti	7 November 1961
date of birth	Tom Spillane (born 1962) was a Gaelic footballer for Templenoe and Kerry in the 1980s.	Tom Spillane	1962
date of birth	Charles Edward Jefferson (born 1860) - American Congregational clergyman	Charles Edward Jefferson	1860
date of birth	Olsi Krasniqi (born 28 June 1992) is an Albanian-born English professional rugby league footballer, who plays for the Salford Red Devils in the Super League.	Olsi Krasniqi	28 June 1992
date of birth	Meshulam Dovid Soloveitchik (known as Reb or Rav Dovid) (born 1921) (Hebrew: משולם דוד סולובייצ'יק‎) is an Orthodox rabbi and rosh yeshiva of one of the branches of the Brisk yeshivas in Jerusalem, Israel, attended by select young Talmudists, mainly from the United States.	Meshulam Dovid Soloveitchik	1921
date of birth	August Gustafsson Lohaprasert (Thai: ออกัสต์ กุสตาฟส์สัน เลาหประเสริฐ, born 3 September 1993), sometimes spelled August Gustavsson Lohaprasret, is a Swedish-Thai.	August Gustafsson Lohaprasert	3 September 1993
date of birth	Robert Kyr (born 1952) is an American composer, writer, filmmaker, and professor of music composition and theory.	Robert Kyr	1952
date of birth	Bakari Sumano (1935 - July 21, 2003) was head of Malian association of griots (wandering poet-musicians) from 1994 until his death.	Bakari Sumano	1935
date of birth	Andrew Scott Irving (13 October 1837 -- 29 April 1904) was a Scottish-born Canadian bookseller and publisher.	Andrew Scott Irving	13 October 1837
date of birth	Erkki Miinala (born in Kemi on 19 August 1986) is a Finnish goalball player.	Erkki Miinala	19 August 1986
date of birth	Franz von Uchatius (1811--1881) was an Austrian artillery general and inventor.	Franz von Uchatius	1811
date of birth	Maria Gustava Gyllenstierna (27 October 1672--5 November 1737) was a Swedish countess, writer and translator.	Maria Gustava Gyllenstierna	1672
date of birth	Richell Bonner (born 8 September 1971), better known as Richie Spice is a Jamaican reggae artist.	Richie Spice	8 September 1971
date of birth	Claudia Guri Moreno (born 1 May 1995 in Escaldes) is an athlete who represents Andorra.	Claudia Guri	1 May 1995
date of birth	Leonardo Fariña (born Jorge Fariña; 5 October 1986 in La Plata) is an Argentinian accountant and businessman who was implicated in the political scandal known as The K money trail involving entrepreneur Lázaro Báez and the Kirchner regime.	Leonardo Fariña	5 October 1986
date of birth	Riad Asmat (born 17 November 1971 in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia) is the CEO of Caterham F1 Team and Team Principal of the Caterham Racing GP2 team.	Riad Asmat	17 November 1971
date of birth	Ted Skjellum (born 4 March 1972 in Kolbotn, Oppegård), also known by the stage names Nocturno Culto, Nocturno or Kveldulv, is a Norwegian musician best known as the vocalist, lead guitarist, and partial bassist (shared with Fenriz) of the influential black metal band Darkthrone.	Nocturno Culto	4 March 1972
date of birth	Hazem Adnan Jawdat Abu Hussein commonly known as Hazem Jawdat (Arabic: حازم عدنان جودت أبو حسين‎; born 5 March 1984) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian descent, who plays for Sohar SC in the Omantel Professional League.	Hazem Jawdat	5 March 1984
date of birth	Jacelyn Tay (Chinese: 郑秀珍; pinyin: Zhèng Xiùzhēn born on 12 June 1975) is a Singaporean actress.	Jacelyn Tay	12 June 1975
date of birth	James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry (2 November 1697 -- 24 January 1715), known until 1711 as James Douglas, Earl of Drumlanrig, was a Scottish nobleman, the eldest son to survive infancy (the second son) of James Douglas, 2nd Duke of Queensberry.	James Douglas, 3rd Marquess of Queensberry	2 November 1697
date of birth	C. Abdul Hakim (1863--1938) was a Muslim trader and politician from the Madras Presidency.	C. Abdul Hakim	1863
date of birth	Pierre Dulaine (born 23 April 1944) is a dance instructor and dancer.	Pierre Dulaine	23 April 1944
date of birth	Olle Råde (born 11 December 1978) is a professional Magic:	Olle Råde	11 December 1978
date of birth	Michael Levin (/ˈlɛvɪn/; born 21 May 1943) is a philosophy professor at City University of New York.	Michael Levin	21 May 1943
date of birth	Rich Coleman (born c. 1956) is British Columbia's Deputy Premier, Minister of Energy and Mines, minister responsible for Housing and MLA for the riding of Fort Langley-Aldergrove.	Rich Coleman	1956
date of birth	Sir Hugh Paterson, 1st Baronet, was born in or around the year 1659.	Sir Hugh Paterson, 1st Baronet	1659
date of birth	Alexey Chesnakov (born September 1, 1970, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR) is a Russian political scientist and director of the Center for Current Politics (CPC).	Alexey Chesnakov	1970
date of birth	Hussein Faris (Arabic: حسين فارس‎, Hebrew: חוסיין פארס; born 18 September 1935) is an Israeli Arab former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapam and Meretz between 1988 and 1992.	Hussein Faris	18 September 1935
date of birth	Imanol Alguacil Barrenetxea (born 4 July 1971), simply known as Imanol, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right back or a central midfielder, and the current coach of Real Sociedad B.	Imanol Alguacil	4 July 1971
date of birth	Luther Lochman von Wedekind (1864 - November 24, 1935) was medical director for the United States Navy.	Luther Lochman von Wedekind	1864
date of birth	Éric Assadourian (Armenian: Էրիկ Ասադուրյան, born on 24 June 1966) is a French born Armenian former football striker.	Éric Assadourian	24 June 1966
date of birth	Swami Vireshwarananda, the tenth President of the Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission, was born on 31 October 1892 at Chennai.	Swami Vireshwarananda	31 October 1892
date of birth	Ronald Senungetuk (born 1933) is an Iñupiaq artist originally from Wales, Alaska who works primarily in wood and metal.	Ronald Senungetuk	1933
date of birth	Irving Wensley Carlson (b. 1941) is a former farmer, railway worker and political figure in Saskatchewan.	Irving Wensley Carlson	1941
date of birth	Bakul Harshadrai Dholakia (born 15 July 1947) is the Indian, present Director General of International Management Institute, New Delhi.	Bakul Harshadrai Dholakia	15 July 1947
date of birth	Chen Xiaojia (Chinese: 陈晓佳, born 2 April 1988) is a Chinese basketball player for Jiangsu Phoenix and the Chinese national team, where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship.	Chen Xiaojia	2 April 1988
date of birth	Michael Herron (born 1986) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a centre-back and vice-captain of the Antrim senior team.	Michael Herron	1986
date of birth	Paul Blackthorne (born 5 March 1969) is an English actor for film, television, and radio.	Paul Blackthorne	5 March 1969
date of birth	Manda Ophuis (born 27 November 1980) is a Dutch singer and composer, who is best known for being the lead vocalist in the Dutch symphonic rock band Nemesea.	Manda Ophuis	27 November 1980
date of birth	Jonathan Ellery (born 1964) is an English artist and founder of British design studio Browns.	Jonathan Ellery	1964
date of birth	Arthur Motley (5 February 1858 -- 28 September 1897) was an English amateur first-class cricketer, who played two matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1879.	Arthur Motley	5 February 1858
date of birth	Anton Foliforov (born 3 January 1981) is a Russian mountain bike orienteer.	Anton Foliforov	3 January 1981
date of birth	Bryan Van Den Bogaert (born 14 December 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays for English club Ebbsfleet United, as a left back.	Bryan Van Den Bogaert	14 December 1991
date of birth	Christos Koutsospyros (Greek: Χρήστος Κουτσοσπύρος; born 14 October 1981) is a Greek footballer.	Christos Koutsospyros	14 October 1981
date of birth	Larry Huggins (born c. February 1950) is the president and chief executive officer of Riteway-Huggins Construction Services (formerly Riteway Construction Services Inc.) He is the former board Chairman of the Chicago-area commuter rail service Metra.	Larry Huggins	1950
date of birth	Park Yung-woo (Hangul: 박영우, born 1952) is a South Korean physicist, who has worked in the field of materials science.	Park Yung-woo	1952
date of birth	The Hon. Philip Havers, QC (born 16 June 1950) is an English barrister.	Philip Havers	16 June 1950
date of birth	Reg McKay (15 July 1953 -- 19 October 2009) was a Scottish journalist with the Daily Record newspaper.	Reg McKay	15 July 1953
date of birth	Frederick Goulburn (1788 -- 10 February 1837) was a British army officer and the first Colonial Secretary of New South Wales (1 January 1821 to 7 January 1826).	Frederick Goulburn	1788
date of birth	John Wheble (2 February 1746 -- 22 September 1820) was an English printer, author and antiquary.	John Wheble	2 February 1746
date of birth	Alice Patrick (born 1948) is an African-American muralist and sculptor.	Alice Patrick	1948
date of birth	Princess Isabella of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat (Isabella Henrietta Ingrid Margrethe; born 21 April 2007), is the second child and elder daughter of Crown Prince Frederik and Crown Princess Mary.	Princess Isabella of Denmark	21 April 2007
date of birth	Pasa Tosusu (c. 1958 -- June 15 or 16, 2012) was a Vanuatuan civil servant who served as the country's fourth Ombudsman.	Pasa Tosusu	1958
date of birth	Albert Carnesale (born 2 July 1936) is an American academic.	Albert Carnesale	2 July 1936
date of birth	Peter Ritzen (born 21 January 1956) is a Flemish pianist composer and conductor.	Peter Ritzen	21 January 1956
date of birth	Miles Mander (14 May 1888 -- 8 February 1946), born Lionel Henry Mander (and sometimes credited as Luther Miles), was a well-known and versatile English character actor of the early Hollywood cinema, also a film director and producer, and a playwright and novelist.	Miles Mander	14 May 1888
date of birth	Alexander Nikitin (Russian: Алекса́ндр Константи́нович Ники́тин; born 16 May 1952) is a Russian former submarine officer and nuclear safety inspector turned environmentalist.	Alexander Nikitin	16 May 1952
date of birth	Tall Bull (1830 - July 11, 1869) (Hotóa'ôxháa'êstaestse) was a chief of the Cheyenne Dog Soldiers.	Tall Bull	1830
date of birth	Sándor Németh (8 August 1925 -- 7 December 1993) was a Hungarian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200 m breaststroke at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships.	Sándor Németh	8 August 1925
date of birth	Mattia Stefanelli (born 12 March 1993) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays for Juvenes--	Mattia Stefanelli	12 March 1993
date of birth	Maya Stojan (born 28 June 1986 in Genève) is a Swiss actress who lives in Los Angeles.	Maya Stojan	28 June 1986
date of birth	Helen Ivory (born 1969) is an English poet, artist, tutor and editor.	Helen Ivory	1969
date of birth	Madhab Rajbangshi (7 July 1954) is an Indian Politician.He was elected to the Lok Sabha the lower house of the Indian Parliament from the Mangaldoi constituency of Assam in 1998 and 1999 and is a member of the Indian National Congress.	Madhab Rajbangshi	7 July 1954
date of birth	Kevin Meddings (born 12 October 1941) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Kevin Meddings	12 October 1941
date of birth	Nicke Andersson (also known as Nick Royale), born 1 August 1972 is a Swedish singer, guitarist, drummer, songwriter and composer most known for his work as the singer and guitarist of the successful Grammy award winning rock band The Hellacopters as well as the former drummer for Swedish death metal band Entombed.	Nicke Andersson	1 August 1972
date of birth	Willem Frans Daems, PhD (3 December 1911 -- 29 December 1994) was a pharmacist, anthroposophist, pianist, teacher and editor.	Willem Frans Daems	3 December 1911
date of birth	Richard Nunns QSM (born 1945) is a Māori traditional instrumentalist of Pākehā heritage.	Richard Nunns	1945
date of birth	Rachel Tzabari (Hebrew: רחל צברי‎, 27 July 1909 -- 16 February 1995) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors between 1952 and 1969.	Rachel Tzabari	27 July 1909
date of birth	Nicholas Harpsfield (1519--1575) was an English historian and a Roman Catholic apologist and priest under Henry VIII, whose policies he opposed.	Nicholas Harpsfield	1519
date of birth	Steven Hocking (born 18 January 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL/AFL.	Steven Hocking	18 January 1965
date of birth	Ilya Salmanzadeh (/sɑːlmənˈzɑːdə/; born 19 September 1986), known mononymously as Ilya, is a Swedish songwriter, producer and singer.	Ilya Salmanzadeh	19 September 1986
date of birth	Matthäus Abbrederis (1652 -- c. 1725) was an Austrian organist and organ builder.	Matthäus Abbrederis	1652
date of birth	Stephen Wild (born 26 April 1981 in Wigan, England) is a semi professional rugby league footballer for the North Wales Crusaders.	Stephen Wild	26 April 1981
date of birth	Frederick C. Kulow (born in 1925, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; died December 2, 2004 in New London, New Hampshire) was an independent U.S. businessman who founded several businesses focusing primarily on nutrition and natural food products.	Frederick C. Kulow	1925
date of birth	Stewart Henderson (born 5 June 1947) is a Scottish former footballer who played in the Football League for Brighton & Hove Albion and Reading as a full back.	Stewart Henderson	5 June 1947
date of birth	Cristian Hidalgo González (born 21 September 1983), known simply as Cristian, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Moroccan club Moghreb Tétouan as a winger.	Cristian Hidalgo	21 September 1983
date of birth	Tedj Bensaoula (Arabic: تاج بن سحاولة‎) (born 1 December 1954 in Tessala, Sidi Bel Abbès Province) is an Algerian football manager and former player.	Tedj Bensaoula	1 December 1954
date of birth	Seit Devdariani (Georgian: სეით დევდარიანი) (1879, in Kutaisi -- September 21, 1937, in Tbilisi) was a Georgian philosopher and political activist who was executed during Joseph Stalin's Great Purge.	Seit Devdariani	1879
date of birth	Valentine Nwabili (born 17 March 1987) is a Nigerian footballer who playsas a left back.	Valentine Nwabili	17 March 1987
date of birth	Ibtisam Ibrahim Teresa (Arabic: ابتسام ابراهيم تريسى) (born 1959) is a Syrian novelist and short story writer.	Ibtisam Ibrahim Teresa	1959
date of birth	Colonel William McLellan CBE (1874--1934) was a Scottish electrical engineer.	William McLellan	1874
date of birth	Adelaide Herrmann (1853-1932) was a noted magician and vaudeville performer.	Adelaide Herrmann	1932
date of birth	Thomas Nilsen (29 August 1968) is a Norwegian journalist who has extensively covered oil drilling in the Arctic region.	Thomas Nilsen	29 August 1968
date of birth	Willem Hendrik Johan van Idsinga (25 June 1822 -- 16 November 1896) was a Dutch politician and colonial official, who served as Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast between 1865 and 1867 and as Governor of Surinam between 29 June 1867 and 1 August 1873.	Willem Hendrik Johan van Idsinga	25 June 1822
date of birth	Patrick Hanks (born 24 March 1940) is an English lexicographer, corpus linguist, and onomastician.	Patrick Hanks	24 March 1940
date of birth	Meshack Asare (born 1945) is a popular African children's author.	Meshack Asare	1945
date of birth	Carolus Hacquart (the latinised form of his original name: Carel Hacquart) (c. 1640 - after 1686) was a Flemish composer and musician.	Carolus Hacquart	1640
date of birth	Mattheos Maroukakis (Greek: Ματθαίος Μαρουκάκης; born 4 January 1990) is a professional Greek football player, currently playing for AEL in the Greek Football League as a Striker.	Mattheos Maroukakis	4 January 1990
date of birth	Michalis Avgenikou (Greek: Μιχάλης Αυγενικού; born 25 January 1993) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Kissamikos, in the Greek Football League, as defensive midfielder.	Michalis Avgenikou	25 January 1993
date of birth	Rhys Shellard (born 25 June 1985) is a rugby union player for Cardiff RFC and Cardiff Blues in the Magners League.	Rhys Shellard	25 June 1985
date of birth	Jean-Baptiste Gatete (born 1953) is a Rwandan politician, convicted of conspiracy to commit genocide, genocide and extermination in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Jean-Baptiste Gatete	1953
date of birth	Pippa Garner (born 1942), formerly known as Philip Garner, is an artist and author known for making parody forms of consumer products as well as custom bicycles and automobiles.	Pippa Garner	1942
date of birth	Moses Olaiya (born 1936), better known by his stage name ``Baba Sala'', is a Nigerian comedian, dramatist and actor.	Moses Olaiya	1936
date of birth	Richard Mounteney (or Mountney) (1707--1768) was an Irish judge and classical scholar.	Richard Mounteney	1707
date of birth	Flavio Maspoli (29 January 1950 - 11/12 June 2007) was a Swiss politician and a co-founder of the Lega dei Ticinesi.	Flavio Maspoli	29 January 1950
date of birth	Keith Dowman (born 1945) is an English Dzogchen teacher and translator of Tibetan Buddhist texts.	Keith Dowman	1945
date of birth	Eduard Ovčáček (born 5 March 1933) is a Czech graphic artist, sculptor, lettrist, painter and professor at the University of Ostrava.	Eduard Ovčáček	5 March 1933
date of birth	Barbara Poppe (born 1958) is the founder and principal of Barbara Poppe & Associates LLC. Barbara served as Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness (USICH) from November 2009 to March 2014.	Barbara Poppe	1958
date of birth	Andres Koogas (born 5 September 1987) is an Estonian football coach and a former professional football player.	Andres Koogas	5 September 1987
date of birth	Michael Knighton (born 4 October 1951) is an English businessman, best known for his involvement in Manchester United and Carlisle United football clubs.	Michael Knighton	4 October 1951
date of birth	Nicanor Molinas (August 1823 - July 1892) was an Argentine lawyer, politician and prominent official during the last years of the Argentine Confederation.	Nicanor Molinas	August 1823
date of birth	Chet Williamson (born 19 June 1948) is the author of nearly 20 books and over 100 short stories published in Esquire, The New Yorker, Playboy, and many other magazines and anthologies.	Chet Williamson	19 June 1948
date of birth	Regina Salomée Halpir (1718 -- after 1763) was an 18th-century oculist.	Salomée Halpir	1718
date of birth	Janita Maria (née Raukko; born 28 December 1978), better known by her stage name Janita, (pronounced ``YA-nee-tuh'') is a Finnish-American singer-songwriter.	Janita	28 December 1978
date of birth	Paulin Joachim (born 1931 in Cotonou, Dahomey) is a Beninese poet, journalist, and editor.	Paulin Joachim	1931
date of birth	Luis Marín Sabater (born 4 September 1906, date of death unknown) was a Spanish-Basque football player of the 1930s and 1940s.	Luis Marín Sabater	4 September 1906
date of birth	Iacopo La Rocca (born 17 February 1984) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a defensive midfielder in the A-League for Adelaide United FC.	Iacopo La Rocca	17 February 1984
date of birth	B. Jay Becker (1904 - October 9, 1987) was an American lawyer and bridge champion.	B. Jay Becker	1904
date of birth	Sara Sperati, born as Adele Sperati, (1956 - ...) was an Italian film actress.	Sara Sperati	1956
date of birth	Dimitris Kravaritis (Greek: Δημήτρης Κραβαρίτης, born 28 March 1972) is a retired Greek water polo player who played his entire career for Olympiacos.	Dimitris Kravaritis	28 March 1972
date of birth	Peter Keevash (born 30 November 1978) is a British mathematician, specializing in combinatorics.	Peter Keevash	30 November 1978
date of birth	Franz Gebauer (Hungarian: Gebauer Ferenc) (1888--1958) was an Austrian inventor and weapons designer, including an early power-operated machine gun which actually saw service use.	Franz Gebauer	1888
date of birth	Nuno Pombo (born 20 April 1978) is a Portuguese athlete who competes in archery.	Nuno Pombo	20 April 1978
date of birth	Ronald King Murray, Lord Murray PC (born 15 June 1922) is a former Scottish Labour politician and judge.	Ronald King Murray, Lord Murray	15 June 1922
date of birth	Sir George Digby Morant, KCB (8 August 1837 -- 13 February 1921) was an admiral in the British Royal Navy.	George Digby Morant	8 August 1837
date of birth	Robbie Dale (real name Robbie Robinson) 'The Admiral' was born in Littleborough, Lancashire, England on 21 April 1940.	Robbie Dale	21 April 1940
date of birth	Manuel Jiménez Ramírez (December 9, 1919 -- March 4, 2005) was a Mexican carver, sculptor and painter credited as the originator of the Oaxacan version of ``alebrijes,'' animal creatures carved in wood and painted in strong contrasting colors with intricate designs.	Manuel Jiménez Ramírez	1919
date of birth	Andrice Arp (born 1969 in Los Angeles) is a U.S. comics artist and illustrator, and the daughter of Halton Arp.	Andrice Arp	1969
date of birth	Günther Schwägermann (born 24 July 1915) served in the Nazi government of German dictator Adolf Hitler.	Günther Schwägermann	24 July 1915
date of birth	Derek McGill (born 14 October 1975) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a Forward.	Derek McGill	14 October 1975
date of birth	Adriana Lestido (born 1955) is an Argentine photographer and photojournalist.	Adriana Lestido	1955
date of birth	Jeanne-Hippolyte Devismes (1765 -- 1834?) (née Jeanne-Hippolyte Moyroud) was a French composer.	Jeanne-Hippolyte Devismes	1765
date of birth	Gopal Bhargava (born 1 July 1952) is a Minister of Co-operative, Social Justice, Panchayat and Rural Development in Madhya Pradesh, government, India.	Gopal Bhargava	1 July 1952
date of birth	Eva Raboso (born 1976) is a Spanish abstract neo-expressionist cinetic artist.	Eva Raboso	1976
date of birth	Stephen Simpson (born 8 January 1984) is an A1 Grand Prix and Champ Car Atlantic Championship race car driver.	Stephen Simpson	8 January 1984
date of birth	Eti Livni (Hebrew: אתי לבני‎, born 1 June 1948) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui and the Secular Faction between 2003 and 2006.	Eti Livni	1 June 1948
date of birth	Marco Davide Faraoni (born 25 October 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as a full back for Serie B club Novara on loan from Udinese.	Marco Davide Faraoni	25 October 1991
date of birth	Adam Walton (born 31 May 1971 in Davenham, Cheshire) is a radio presenter for BBC Radio Wales.	Adam Walton	31 May 1971
date of birth	Gavin Cullen (born 21 November 1980) is a footballer currently playing for Coleraine.	Gavin Cullen	21 November 1980
date of birth	Salama Ahmed Salama (1932 -- 11 July 2012) was an eminent and well-respected Egyptian journalist, editor and author.	Salama Ahmed Salama	1932
date of birth	Věra Tichánková (7 December 1920 -- 9 January 2014) was a Czech actress, whose career spanned over seven decades.	Věra Tichánková	7 December 1920
date of birth	Alec Sabin (born 28 August 1947) is a Yorkshire born British actor.	Alec Sabin	28 August 1947
date of birth	Badi Assad (born 23 December 1966) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, percussionist and guitarist in the jazz and worldbeat genres.	Badi Assad	23 December 1966
date of birth	Charles McCrum (born 8 December 1964 in Belfast, Northern Ireland) is an Irish former cricketer.	Charles McCrum	8 December 1964
date of birth	Rudolph von Langen (1438 or 1439 -- December 1519) was a German Catholic divine, who helped introduced Humanistic ideas to the town of Munster, Westphalia.	Rudolph von Langen	1438
date of birth	Tapu Javeri (Urdu: ٹپو جویری; born Mustapha Farabi Javeri on 5 May 1965) is a Pakistani fashion and art photographer, radio host and jewellery designer.	Tapu Javeri	5 May 1965
date of birth	Hakija Hadžić (1883--1953) was Herzegovinian Muslim politician who belonged to the group of Muslim politicians from Bosnia, who nationally felt Croats and approached the Ustasha movement.	Hakija Hadžić	1883
date of birth	Zdravko Popović (born 2 January 1983) is a Croatian footballer who plays as Forward for Balmazújvárosi.	Zdravko Popović	2 January 1983
date of birth	Paul Verryn (born 26 February 1952) is an ordained minister of the Methodist Church of Southern Africa and a controversial figure in the Church and society.	Paul Verryn	26 February 1952
date of birth	Balthasar Russow (1536--1600) was one of the most important Livonian and Estonian chroniclers.	Balthasar Russow	1536
date of birth	Evgenios Kitsas (Greek: Ευγένιος Κίτσας; born 12 August 1982) is a professional footballer.	Evgenios Kitsas	12 August 1982
date of birth	Xia Yuanji (Chinese: 夏原吉) (1366--1430) was a Ming Dynasty government minister.	Xia Yuanji	1366
date of birth	Stella Browne (9 May 1880 -- 8 May 1955) was a Canadian-born British feminist, socialist, sex radical, and birth control campaigner.	Stella Browne	9 May 1880
date of birth	John Quiggin (born 29 March 1956) is an Australian economist, a Professor and an Australian Research Council Laureate Fellow at the University of Queensland, and a member of the Board of the Climate Change Authority of the Australian Government.	John Quiggin	29 March 1956
date of birth	Peter Baumann (born 29 January 1953) formed the core line-up of the pioneering German electronic group Tangerine Dream with Edgar Froese and Christopher Franke in 1971.	Peter Baumann	29 January 1953
date of birth	Juan Ramón Koenig (1623 Mechelen - 19 July 1709 Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian scientist.	Juan Ramón Koenig	1623
date of birth	Ian Lenagan (born 1946, Scholes, Wigan) is a business entrepreneur, theatre producer and shareholder of London Broncos, chairman and owner of Wigan Warriors and a director at Oxford United FC.	Ian Lenagan	1946
date of birth	Tarek Boukensa (Arabic: طارق بوكنسة‎) (born 19 November 1981 in Annaba) is an Algerian runner, who specializes in the 1500 metres.	Tarek Boukensa	19 November 1981
date of birth	Modesto Roma Júnior (born 5 December 1952) is a Brazilian businessman of the communications industry, and is the current president of Santos FC.	Modesto Roma Júnior	5 December 1952
date of birth	Stephanie Parker (29 March 1987 -- 18 April 2009) was a Welsh actress, best known for playing Stacey Weaver on BBC Wales' television series, Belonging, since the age of 15.	Stephanie Parker	29 March 1987
date of birth	Ashleigh Barty (born 24 April 1996) is an Australian professional tennis player and cricketer.	Ashleigh Barty	24 April 1996
date of birth	Avraham Sharir (Hebrew: אברהם שריר‎, born 23 December 1932) is a former Israeli politician.	Avraham Sharir	23 December 1932
date of birth	Ngô Văn Doanh (born 1949) is a Vietnamese archaeologist, social scientist and cultural researcher.	Ngô Văn Doanh	1949
date of birth	David Magen (Hebrew: דוד מגן‎, born David Monsonego; 4 September 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a Minister without Portfolio and Minister of Economics and Planning in the 1990s.	David Magen	4 September 1945
date of birth	Rupert Norfolk (born 1974, UK) is an artist based in London.	Rupert Norfolk	1974
date of birth	Paul Francis McDermott (born 17 September 1965), who performs as Paul Mac, is an Australian electropop musician, singer-songwriter, producer and music re-mixer.	Paul Mac	17 September 1965
date of birth	Marc Dumitru (born 5 April 1986) is a German actor and singer of Romanian descent.	Marc Dumitru	5 April 1986
date of birth	Todd Viney (born 30 March 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the VFL/AFL.	Todd Viney	30 March 1966
date of birth	Philip E. Nelson (born 1934) is an American food scientist who is best known for his work in bulk aseptic processing and packaging of food and the use of chlorine dioxide gas and hydrogen peroxide liquid to commercially sterilize food products and food contact surfaces.	Philip E. Nelson	1934
date of birth	Sakaida Kakiemon (酒井田柿右衛門), or Sakaida Kizaemon (1615-- 1653) was a Japanese potter who invented the style known after him as Kakiemon.	Sakaida Kakiemon	1615
date of birth	Quock Walker, also known as Kwaku or Quok Walker (b. 1753 - d. unknown), was an American slave who sued for and won his freedom in June 1781 in a case citing language in the new Massachusetts Constitution (1780) that declared all men to be born free and equal.	Quock Walker	1753
date of birth	Kyle Dubas (born 29 November 1985) is a Canadian hockey executive who is the current Assistant General Manager of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the National Hockey League.	Kyle Dubas	29 November 1985
date of birth	Ibrahim Zukanović (born 21 December 1957 in Zenica, Bosnia-Herzegovina) is a former Bosnian football player who is currently football coach of HNK Sloga Uskoplje.	Ibrahim Zukanović	21 December 1957
date of birth	Mandisi Arnold Shindo (born 1989, stage name Dr Disi) is a South African actor, writer, director, voice and dance performer, and the founder of the Iselwa Lesizwe Theatre Company.	Mandisi Arnold Shindo	1989
date of birth	Niki Terpstra (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈniki ˈtɛrpstraː); born 18 May 1984) is a Dutch racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Etixx-Quick Step.	Niki Terpstra	18 May 1984
date of birth	Chiranjeevi Sarja (Kannada: ಚಿರಂಜೀವಿ ಸರ್ಜಾ; born 17 October 1984), mononymously known as Chiru, is an Indian film actor based in Kannada Film Industry.	Chiranjeevi Sarja	17 October 1984
date of birth	Aleksandr Beketov (born 14 March 1970) is a Russian fencer and Olympic champion in the épée competition.	Aleksandr Beketov	14 March 1970
date of birth	Uvaldo Luna Martínez (born 21 December 1993) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Tigres UANL in the Liga MX as a Right Midfielder, and alternatively as a Centre Forward.	Uvaldo Luna	21 December 1993
date of birth	Art Malik (born Athar ul-Haque Malik; 13 November 1952) is a Pakistani-born British actor who achieved international fame in the 1980s through his starring and subsidiary roles in assorted British and Merchant-Ivory television serials and films.	Art Malik	13 November 1952
date of birth	Claudio Casacci (born 1958) is an Italian space scientist and astronomy enthusiast.	Claudio Casacci	1958
date of birth	Andreas Staub (17 October 1806 -- 5 April 1839) was an Austrian watercolour painter and lithographer.	Andreas Staub	17 October 1806
date of birth	Christopher John Suenson-Taylor, 3rd Baron Grantchester (known as John Grantchester; born 8 April 1951) is a British peer and Labour politician.	John Suenson-Taylor, 3rd Baron Grantchester	8 April 1951
date of birth	Jimmy Starr (3 February 1904 -- August 13, 1990) was an American screenwriter and columnist.	Jimmy Starr	3 February 1904
date of birth	Fatou Niang Siga (born 1932) and is a Senegalese author and schoolteacher.	Fatou Niang Siga	1932
date of birth	Adam Birnbaum (born 1979) is an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger.	Adam Birnbaum	1979
date of birth	Yiannis Zisimides (Greek: Γιάννης Ζησιμίδης; born 17 August 1967) is a retired Cypriot athlete who competed in the sprinting events.	Yiannis Zisimides	17 August 1967
date of birth	Mordechai Lavi (Hebrew: מרדכי לביא, born 1978) is an Israeli radio broadcaster and owner and general manager of the Kikar HaShabbat news website.	Mordechai Lavi	1978
date of birth	Séamus Qualter (born 1966) is an Irish retired hurler and hurling manager.	Séamus Qualter	1966
date of birth	Mungara Yamini Krishnamurthy (born 20 December 1940) is an eminent Indian dancer of Bharatnatyam and Kuchipudi styles of dancing.	Yamini Krishnamurthy	1940
date of birth	István Iglódi (29 April 1944 -- 3 December 2009) was a Hungarian actor and stage director.	István Iglódi	29 April 1944
date of birth	Bård Kvalheim (born 17 September 1973) is a Norwegian retired athlete.	Bård Kvalheim	17 September 1973
date of birth	Paresh Rawal (born 30 May 1950) is an Indian film actor, thespian and politician known for his works notably in Bollywood and Telugu cinema.	Paresh Rawal	30 May 1950
date of birth	Jørres Schelderup Hansen (1811 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.	Jørres Schelderup Hansen	1811
date of birth	Arthur Verdier (1835--1898) was a French mariner, shipowner, merchant and pioneer.	Arthur Verdier	1835
date of birth	Mikheil Potskhveria (Georgian: მიხეილ ფოცხვერია; born 12 August 1975) is a retired Georgian professional football player.	Mikheil Potskhveria	12 August 1975
date of birth	Hananosato Yukio (塙ノ里幸与, born 8 May 1983 as Yukio Murakami) is a sumo wrestler from Hitachi, Ibaraki, Japan.	Hananosato Yukio	8 May 1983
date of birth	George Goninon (born 18 April 1927) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Tasmanian North West Football Union (NWFU) and Victorian Football League (VFL).	George Goninon	18 April 1927
date of birth	Raphaël Coleman (born 30 September 1994) is a British teen actor, best known for his role as Eric Brown in Nanny McPhee.	Raphaël Coleman	30 September 1994
date of birth	Saif Ali Khan (pronounced (ˈsɛːf əˈli ˈxaːn); born Sajid Ali Khan on 16 August 1970) is an Indian film actor and producer.	Saif Ali Khan	16 August 1970
date of birth	Jim Shepard (born 1956) is an American author and professor of creative writing and film at Williams College.	Jim Shepard	1956
date of birth	Donato Gama da Silva (born 30 December 1962), known simply as Donato, is a retired footballer who played from the 1980s to early 2000s.	Donato Gama da Silva	30 December 1962
date of birth	Dominic Scott (born 15 May 1979) is an Irish guitarist, and the founder of the English rock band Roundstone and a founding member of rock band Keane.	Dominic Scott	15 May 1979
date of birth	Mary Tregear (11 February 1924 -- 17 December 2010) was a museum curator and art historian specializing in Chinese art. She was born in Wuchang, China.	Mary Tregear	11 February 1924
date of birth	James V. LaSala (born 1904) was a Brooklyn mobster and drug trafficker who eventually controlled syndicate drug trafficking in California and several other Southwestern states.	James V. LaSala	1904
date of birth	Hugo Falkenheim (4 September 1856 -- 22 September 1945) was a German Medical Doctor and the last Chairman of the Jewish congregation of Königsberg.	Hugo Falkenheim	4 September 1856
date of birth	Tamara Csipes (born 24 August 1989) is a Hungarian sprint kayaker who has competed since the late 2000s.	Tamara Csipes	24 August 1989
date of birth	Jill Powell (born 19 January 1957) is a former English women's cricketer who played one Women's Test match for the English women's team in 1979, as well as playing a single Women's One Day International in that same year.	Jill Powell	19 January 1957
date of birth	Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay (1288--1322) was lord of Arlay and of Vitteaux, and belonged to the house of Chalon-Arlay.	Hugh I of Chalon-Arlay	1288
date of birth	Bob McPherson (born 12 November 1968) is a British wheelchair curler set to make his paralympic debut in Sochi, in 2014.	Bob McPherson	12 November 1968
date of birth	Viacheslava of Novgorod (Russian: Вячеслава новгородская, Polish: Wierzchosława Nowogrodzka; b. ca. 1125 -- d. 15 March by 1162?), was a Kievan Rus' princess member of the House of Rurik and by marriage Duchess of Masovia and Kuyavia and High Duchess of Poland since 1146.	Viacheslava of Novgorod	1125
date of birth	Kate Everleigh (1864--8 February 1926) was a serio-comic actress and singer of the late Victorian era who was a music hall and burlesque performer as well as appearing in pantomime and musical theatre.	Kate Everleigh	1864
date of birth	Maria Caraher (born 1968 or 1969) is an Irish republican activist, school principal and former politician.	Maria Caraher	1968
date of birth	Alexander de Erény Ullmann (Hungarian: Erényi Ullmann Sándor, 18 February 1850, in Budapest -- 1897, in Budapest), was a Jewish Hungarian deputy and political economist.	Alexander de Erény Ullmann	18 February 1850
date of birth	Mike MacIntosh (born 1944) is the senior pastor of Horizon Christian Fellowship in San Diego, California, and is a Protestant leader in the United States.	Mike MacIntosh	1944
date of birth	Ian Anthony Hamilton-Smith, 3rd Baron Colwyn, CBE (born 1 January 1942), commonly known as Anthony Hamilton-Smith.	Anthony Hamilton-Smith, 3rd Baron Colwyn	1 January 1942
date of birth	Christopher H. Martin (born 1969) is an American artist working with paintings on acrylic and canvas mediums.	Christopher H. Martin	1969
date of birth	Jaroslav Suchý (born 3 January 1971) is a Czech former competitive figure skater.	Jaroslav Suchý	3 January 1971
date of birth	Nora Sveaass (born 11 December 1949) is a Norwegian psychologist, and an expert on refugees, human rights violations, and psychological consequences of torture and violence as well as treatment and rehabilitation of victims of torture and violence.	Nora Sveaass	11 December 1949
date of birth	Showkat Baksh, also known as Charles Baksh (born 15 March 1940 in Trinidad and Tobago) is a former cricketer, a right-handed batsman who played for the Canadian cricket team.	Charles Baksh	15 March 1940
date of birth	Egon Weiner (1906 -- August 1, 1987) was a Chicago sculptor and longtime professor (1945--1971) at the Art Institute of Chicago.	Egon Weiner	1906
date of birth	John Abrahams (born 21 July 1952, Salt River, Cape Town, Cape Province, South Africa) is a former left-handed batsman and right arm off break bowler.	John Abrahams	21 July 1952
date of birth	Francis Raymond Evershed, 1st Baron Evershed PC, KC (8 August 1899 - 3 October 1966) was British judge who served as Master of the Rolls, and subsequently became a Law Lord.	Raymond Evershed, 1st Baron Evershed	8 August 1899
date of birth	Balachandra Rajan (March 24, 1920 -- January 23, 2009) was an Indian diplomat and a scholar of poetry and poetics.	Balachandra Rajan	1920
date of birth	Katherine Bellenden (1497-c.1568) was a courtier working in the wardrobe of James V of Scotland.	Katherine Bellenden	1497
date of birth	Arnaud Tsedri (born 11 March 1975), better known by the stage name Arnaud Tsamere (French: (aʁno tsamɛʁ)), is a French comedian, actor, television presenter and sports journalist.	Arnaud Tsamere	11 March 1975
date of birth	Andrew C. Erin is an American film maker, he was born on May 29, 1973.	Andrew C. Erin	1973
date of birth	Dai Xu (Chinese: 戴旭; pinyin: Daì Xù; born 1964), is a Chinese author, social commentator, and the president of Marine Institute For Security And Cooperation (海洋安全与合作研究院), he also a professor at the National Defense University.	Dai Xu	1964
date of birth	Toby Martin (born 5 August 1975), is an Australian singer-songwriter, musician, academic, and lecturer at New York University Sydney.	Toby Martin	5 August 1975
date of birth	Shalom Auslander (born 1970) is an American author and essayist.	Shalom Auslander	1970
date of birth	Leonard Marsland Gander (1902-1986), who wrote as L Marsland Gander) was a journalist, war correspondent, and radio and television correspondent, chiefly for The Daily Telegraph.	L Marsland Gander	1902
date of birth	Mantas Jankavičius (born 20 May 1980) is a singer and actor.	Mantas Jankavičius	20 May 1980
date of birth	John Digby, 1st Earl of Bristol (February 1580 -- 21 January 1653), was an English diplomat and a moderate royalist during the English Civil War.	John Digby, 1st Earl of Bristol	1580
date of birth	Edden Hammons was born to Jesse Hammons and Nancy Hicks on 28 February 1875 at Williams River in Webster County, West Virginia.	Edden Hammons	28 February 1875
date of birth	James Monro CB (1838 -- 28 January 1920) was a lawyer who became the first Assistant Commissioner (Crime) of the London Metropolitan Police and also served as Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 1888 to 1890.	James Monro	1838
date of birth	Martín de Argüelles, Jr. (born 1566) was the first white child (first criollo) known to have been born in what is now the United States.	Martín de Argüelles	1566
date of birth	Abdurrahman Abdi Pasha the Albanian (Turkish: Arnavut Abdurrahman Abdi Paşa; 1616--1686) was an Ottoman politician and military leader of Albanian descent, who served as the last Pasha of the Budin Eyalet.	Abdi Pasha the Albanian	1616
date of birth	Waisale Sukanaveita (born 19 July 1984) is a rugby league/union player for the Terrigal Sharks.	Waisale Sukanaveita	19 July 1984
date of birth	Patrick Asselman (born 30 October 1968) is a Belgian former football player and currently assistant coach of OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	Patrick Asselman	30 October 1968
date of birth	Biyan Wanaatmadja or biyan born in Surabaya, Jawa Timur, 20 October 1954.	Biyan Wanaatmadja	20 October 1954
date of birth	Ronald Raaymakers (born 7 April 1990) is a Rugby union footballer.	Ronald Raaymakers	7 April 1990
date of birth	Birgitte Federspiel (6 September 1925 -- 2 February 2005) was a Danish film, theater and TV actress.	Birgitte Federspiel	6 September 1925
date of birth	Igor Shumilov (Belarusian: Ігар Шумілаў; Russian: Игорь Шумилов; born 20 October 1993) is a Belarusian footballer.	Igor Shumilov	20 October 1993
date of birth	Cynthia Carter (born 30 January 1959) is the senior lecturer Cardiff School of Journalism, Media and Cultural Studies, Cardiff University, and co-founding editor of the journal Feminist Media Studies.	Cynthia Carter	30 January 1959
date of birth	Rick Ney (born 1961) is a retired American professional darts player who competed in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.	Rick Ney	1961
date of birth	Ali Dino (Greek: Αλή Ντίνο), also known as Ali Dino Bey (Albanian: Ali Bej Dino, Greek: Αλή Ντίνο Μπέης 1889-1938) was an Albanian cartoonist and a Member of the Greek Parliament.	Ali Dino	1889
date of birth	Peter Coates (born 13 January 1938) is an English businessman and current Chairman of the Stoke City Football Club.	Peter Coates	13 January 1938
date of birth	Francisco Mayorga (Born in 1949 in León, Nicaragua) is a Nicaraguan economist and writer who specializes in international finance and economic development.	Francisco Mayorga	1949
date of birth	René Giessen (born 24 December 1944, Prague) is a German musician, composer and conductor.	René Giessen	24 December 1944
date of birth	John C. Zak (previously credited as John Zak), born in 1954 in Washington D.C., USA, is an American director, producer and film maker as well as a voice over actor.	John C. Zak	1954
date of birth	Harry Sewell (Harold Sewell; 1885--??) was a British athlete.	Harry Sewell	1885
date of birth	Anchal Sabharwal (born 29 August 1986) is an Indian film actress and model, who has appeared in Hindi television series and regional feature films.	Anchal Sabharwal	29 August 1986
date of birth	Roger Argente (born 1962 Neath, Wales) is Principal Bass Trombone for the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and teaches at Trinity College of Music, London.	Roger Argente	1962
date of birth	Elizabeth Brownrigg (1720 -- 14 September 1767) was an 18th-century English murderess.	Elizabeth Brownrigg	1720
date of birth	Moushumi Bhowmik (Bengali: মৌসুমী ভৌমিক; born 1964) is an Indian Bengali singer and songwriter.	Moushumi Bhowmik	1964
date of birth	William Alfred Carroll Hughes (1877 -- 1940) was an American Bishop in The Methodist Church, elected in 1940.	William Alfred Carroll Hughes	1877
date of birth	Siyaram Tiwari (born 5 December 1934) is a prominent Hindi professor, scholar and author known throughout India and abroad.	Siyaram Tiwari	1934
date of birth	Zoran Smileski (Macedonian: Зopaн Cмилecки; born 9 January 1950) is a Macedonian football coach and former player.	Zoran Smileski	9 January 1950
date of birth	Bernard Parmegiani (27 October 1927 − 21 November 2013) was a French composer best known for his electronic or acousmatic music.	Bernard Parmegiani	27 October 1927
date of birth	Clayton Kearney (born 11 April 1964) is a former Australian sprinter and professional fitness coach.	Clayton Kearney	11 April 1964
date of birth	Chris Mansell (born 1953) is an Australian poet and publisher.	Chris Mansell	1953
date of birth	Henri Saivet (born 26 October 1990) is a Senegalese football player who plays for English club Newcastle United as a central defensive midfielder.	Henri Saivet	26 October 1990
date of birth	The American Catholic writer Frederic Will was born in New Haven, Connecticut in 1928.	Frederic Will	1928
date of birth	David Caesar (born in 1963) is an Australian television and film director and writer.	David Caesar	1963
date of birth	Szilvia Ruff (born 19 February 1976) is a Hungarian former football striker.	Szilvia Ruff	19 February 1976
date of birth	Steve Mattin (born 29 October 1964) is a British automobile designer.	Steve Mattin	29 October 1964
date of birth	Diego Puyo (born 20 August 1984 in Alcañiz, Aragon) is an auto racing driver from Spain.	Diego Puyo	20 August 1984
date of birth	Denise Phua Lay Peng (Chinese: 潘丽萍; pinyin: Pān Lìpíng, born 9 December 1959) is a Singaporean politician and disability rights activist.	Denise Phua	9 December 1959
date of birth	Sir John Bennet Lawes, 1st Baronet, FRS (28 December 1814 -- 31 August 1900) was an English entrepreneur and agricultural scientist.	John Bennet Lawes	28 December 1814
date of birth	Sebastian Peregrin Zwyer (of Evibach) (1597 -- February 15, 1661) was a Swiss military commander, mercenary entrepreneur, and one of the foremost politicians of the Old Swiss Confederacy in the seventeenth century.	Sebastian Peregrin Zwyer	1597
date of birth	László Vécsey (born 1 September 1958) is a Hungarian politician, mayor of Szada from 1998 to 2014 and member of the National Assembly (MP) for Gödöllő (Pest County Constituency IV then VI) since 2010.	László Vécsey	1 September 1958
date of birth	Scott Marble (1847 -- April 5, 1919) was a playwright who wrote the 1896 stage melodrama The Great Train Robbery.	Scott Marble	1847
date of birth	Mirza Mohammad Farrokhi Yazdi (Persian: میرزا محمد فرخی یزدی‎‎; 1889 -- October 18, 1939) was an Iranian poet, journalist and senior politician of the Reza Pahlavi era.	Mohammad Farrokhi Yazdi	1889
date of birth	U. Mathivanan (born 30 April 1958) is a Member of Tamil Nadu State Legislative Assembly.	U. Mathivanan	30 April 1958
date of birth	Omawumi Megbele (born 13 April 1982), known by her stage name Omawumi, is a Nigerian singer-songwriter and actress of Itsekiri ethnicity She is a brand ambassador for Globacom, Konga.com, and Malta Guinness.	Omawumi	13 April 1982
date of birth	Kalagara Sai Lakshmana Rao (born 11 July 1956) is a Member of Legislative Council (MLC) of Andhra Pradesh.	Kalagara Sai Lakshmana Rao	11 July 1956
date of birth	Muammer Aksoy (1917 -- January 31, 1990) was a Turkish academic of law, politician, columnist and intellectual, who was assassinated by unknown murderers.	Muammer Aksoy	1917
date of birth	Sir Halliday Macartney (1833--1906) was a military surgeon and later a diplomat serving the Chinese government during the late Qing dynasty.	Halliday Macartney	1833
date of birth	Lyonpo Ugyen Tshering (born 1954?) is a Bhutanese politician who served as Minister for Foreign Affairs between 2008 and 2013.	Ugyen Tshering	1954
date of birth	Roberto Garcia Lachner (born 2 January 1977), is a triathlete from the country of Costa Rica, who specializes in freestyle swimming , but also competes in amateur road bicycle racing .	Roberto Garcia Lachner	2 January 1977
date of birth	Pierrot Bidon (1 January 1954 - 9 March 2010) was a circus promoter.	Pierrot Bidon	1 January 1954
date of birth	Robert Fleisher (born 1953 in New York City) is a composer currently teaching at Northern Illinois University and the author of Twenty Israeli Composers, where he discusses with twenty Israeli composers about their inspirations, methods and cultural context in their work.	Robert Fleisher	1953
date of birth	Abdul Quayyum Khan Kundi (Urdu: عبدالقیوم خان کنڈی‎) (born 27 July 1966) is a Pakistani businessman and political activist.	Abdul Quayyum Khan Kundi	27 July 1966
date of birth	René Racine (born 1939) is a Québécois Canadian professor and astronomer who specializes in the study of globular clusters.	René Racine	1939
date of birth	Johan Heldenbergh (born 11 May 1967) is a Flemish actor, playwright, screenwriter, theatre director and film director.	Johan Heldenbergh	11 May 1967
date of birth	Irving Bunim was born in 1901 in Volozhin, Lithuania, then the major Torah centre of Europe and the home of the first Yeshiva, Etz Chaim.	Irving Bunim	1901
date of birth	Patrick van Loon (born 27 March 1974) is a Dutch judoka from Tilburg	Patrick van Loon	27 March 1974
date of birth	Sávio Bortolini Pimentel (born 9 January 1974), known simply as Sávio (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈsavi̯u)), is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a left winger.	Sávio	9 January 1974
date of birth	Sophie Aldred (born 20 August 1962) is an English actress and television presenter, best known for her portrayal of the Doctor's companion Ace in the television series Doctor Who during the late 1980s.	Sophie Aldred	20 August 1962
date of birth	Víctor Manuel Jorrín Lozano (born 13 January 1955) is a Mexican politician and psychiatrist affiliated to the Convergence.	Víctor Manuel Jorrín	13 January 1955
date of birth	Rob Hennelly (born 8 March 1990) is a Gaelic footballer for the Mayo senior team and also plays club football for Breaffy.	Rob Hennelly	8 March 1990
date of birth	Christos Kalantzis (Greek: Χρήστος Καλαντζής; born 1 December 1982) is a retired professional football player.	Christos Kalantzis	1 December 1982
date of birth	Luca Amoruso (born 15 November 1975) is an Italian retired footballer.	Luca Amoruso	15 November 1975
date of birth	Miles Jones (Born 17 December 1987) is a retired English-Barbadian international footballer.	Miles Jones	17 December 1987
date of birth	Ranisav Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ранисав Јовановић; born 5 November 1980) is a German footballer of Bosnian Serb origin currently playing for SV Sandhausen.	Ranisav Jovanović	5 November 1980
date of birth	Patrícia Lopes (born 11 July 1982) is a Portuguese athlete who specialises in the 400 metres and 400 metres hurdles.	Patrícia Lopes	11 July 1982
date of birth	Mounsi (born 1951) is a French novelist and singer, born in Kabylie, Algeria.	Mounsi	1951
date of birth	Sara McGreavy, born 13 December 1982 in Leamington Spa is an English and UK international athlete.	Sara McGreavy	13 December 1982
date of birth	Edibe Sözen Yavuz (born Edibe Sözen on January 1, 1961) is an academic of sociology and communications, and politician.	Edibe Sözen	1961
date of birth	Dinesh Dhamija (born 1950) is a British-Indian business entrepreneur.	Dinesh Dhamija	1950
date of birth	Sue Bell Cobb (born 1956 in Louisville, Kentucky) is an American jurist and former Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, the first woman to hold that office in Alabama's history.	Sue Bell Cobb	1956
date of birth	Diana Kennedy (born 3 March 1923) is a Mexican cooking authority known for her 9 books on the subject, including The Cuisines of Mexico, which started changing how Americans view Mexican cooking.	Diana Kennedy	3 March 1923
date of birth	Luca Toni, Ufficiale OMRI (Italian pronunciation: (ˈluːka ˈtɔːni); born 26 May 1977) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Verona as a striker.	Luca Toni	26 May 1977
date of birth	Sherene Pinnock (born 30 March 1987 in St. Catherine) is a Jamaican 400 metres hurdles runner.	Sherene Pinnock	30 March 1987
date of birth	Nikos Christodoulakis (Greek: Νίκος Χριστοδουλάκης) (born 1952) is a Greek politician, economics professor and electronics engineer.	Nikos Christodoulakis	1952
date of birth	Galila Ron-Feder Amit (Hebrew: גלילה רון־פדר-עמית‎, born 1949) is an Israeli children books author.	Galila Ron-Feder Amit	1949
date of birth	Rollo Carpenter (born 1965) is the British-born creator of Jabberwacky and Cleverbot, learning Artificial Intelligence (AI) software.	Rollo Carpenter	1965
date of birth	Bernard Fleetwood-Walker , PPRBSA, (22 March 1893 -- 30 January 1965) was an English artist and teacher of painting.	Bernard Fleetwood-Walker	22 March 1893
date of birth	Egon Ledeč (Kostelec nad Orlicí 16 March 1889 - Auschwitz, October 1944) was a Czech violinist and composer of Jewish origin.	Egon Ledeč	16 March 1889
date of birth	Jean Breuer (born 23 December 1951) is a retired German cyclist who specialized in motor-paced racing.	Jean Breuer	23 December 1951
date of birth	Fifita Mounga (born 3 January 1973 in Haasini, Tonga) is an American rugby union back row forward.	Fifita Mounga	3 January 1973
date of birth	Senior General Than Shwe (Burmese: သန်းရွှေ; pronounced: (θáɴ ʃwè); born 2 February 1933) is a Burmese strongman politician who was the head of state of Burma from 1992 to 2011 as Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC).	Than Shwe	2 February 1933
date of birth	John Cocuzzi (born 1964) is an American jazz, blues, and swing musician who specializes in the vibraphone and piano, as well as drums.	John Cocuzzi	1964
date of birth	Magnús Torfi Ólafsson (5 May 1923 -- 3 November 1998) was an Icelandic politician and former minister for social affairs from May to August 1974.	Magnús Torfi Ólafsson	5 May 1923
date of birth	Leslie Wilcox (1865 -- after 1889) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath.	Leslie Wilcox	1865
date of birth	Juha Riippa (born 12 September 1968 in Kokkola) is a Finnish former football player, who played in defence and midfield.	Juha Riippa	12 September 1968
date of birth	Hamada Mohamed (born 22 October 1992), also known as Mohamed Ahmed Hamada, is an Egyptian middle-distance runner.	Hamada Mohamed	22 October 1992
date of birth	Mads Hamberg Andersen (born 3 August 1983) is a Danish footballer whose primary position is goalkeeper.	Mads Hamberg Andersen	3 August 1983
date of birth	Frans Geysen (born 29 July 1936) is a Belgian composer and writer on music.	Frans Geysen	29 July 1936
date of birth	Reidun Gravdahl, née Engen (born 12 January 1948 in Østre Toten) is a profiled Norwegian politician for the Labour Party.	Reidun Gravdahl	12 January 1948
date of birth	Lokman Polat (born in 1956 in Lice, Diyarbakır Province) is a Swedish writer of Kurdish origin.	Lokman Polat	1956
date of birth	Luay Hamza Abbas (born 1965) is a noted Iraqi writer.	Luay Hamza Abbas	1965
date of birth	Mar Dionysius II, born Pulikkottil Joseph Ittoop (15 January 1742 -- 24 November 1816) was Malankara Metropolitan from 22 March 1815 until his demise.	Mar Dionysius II	15 January 1742
date of birth	Tony Ricciardello, (born 19 March 1979), is a multiple-championship winning Australian race car driver.	Tony Ricciardello	19 March 1979
date of birth	Stratos Chintzidis (Greek: Στράτος Χιντζίδης, born 13 December 1987) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Football League club Olympiacos Volou, as a left back.	Stratos Chintzidis	13 December 1987
date of birth	Matilda Smith (1854--1926) was a botanical artist whose work appeared in Curtis's Botanical Magazine for over forty years.	Matilda Smith	1854
date of birth	Linda Välimäki (born 31 May 1990) is a Finnish hockey player .	Linda Välimäki	31 May 1990
date of birth	Elise Primavera (Born 19 May 1955) is an American author and illustrator of children's novels.	Elise Primavera	19 May 1955
date of birth	Simon Trumper (born 31 May 1963) is an English professional poker player from South Kensington, London, England.	Simon Trumper	31 May 1963
date of birth	Arshad Sharif (Urdu: ارشد شریف‎)(born 22 February 1973) is a Pakistani journalist, writer and photographer.	Arshad Sharif	22 February 1973
date of birth	Nicholas Campbell (born 24 March 1952), sometimes credited as Nick Campbell, is a Canadian actor and filmmaker, who won three Gemini Awards for acting.	Nicholas Campbell	24 March 1952
date of birth	Saint Elzéar of Sabran, T.O.S.F., Baron of Ansouis, Count of Ariano, was born in the castle of Saint-Jean-de-Robians, near Cabrières-d'Aigues in Provence, southern France, in 1285.	Elzéar of Sabran	1285
date of birth	Vladimir Villegas Poljak (born 11 December 1961) is a Venezuelan journalist and politician, and (since May 2013) news director of Globovisión.	Vladimir Villegas	11 December 1961
date of birth	Niaz Fatehpuri (1884--1966) was the nom de plume of Niyaz Muhammed Khan, an Urdu poet, writer, and polemicist.	Niaz Fatehpuri	1884
date of birth	John Bardwell Ebden M.L.C. (9 April 1787 - 22 Sept 1873) was an influential businessman and politician of the Cape Colony, South Africa.	John Bardwell Ebden	9 April 1787
date of birth	Peter Fitzpatrick (born May 1962) is an Irish politician and sportsman.	Peter Fitzpatrick	May 1962
date of birth	Carla Ryan (born 21 September 1985) is a former Australian professional racing cyclist.	Carla Ryan	21 September 1985
date of birth	Jens Graff (born 3 October 1942) is a German-born Norwegian dancer.	Jens Graff	3 October 1942
date of birth	Hugh Smallen was part of the second wave of modernist architects to live and practice in New Canaan, Connecticut, and was born May 6, 1919 in New York City.	Hugh Smallen	1919
date of birth	Justice Mrs. Gyan Sudha Misra, was born in an illustrious family of Lawyers and Judges on 28 April 1949.	Gyan Sudha Misra	28 April 1949
date of birth	Myroslav Levytsky (Ukrainian: Мирослав Романович Левицький; born on 26 January 1963 in Chernivtsi, Ukraine) is a pianist, composer, producer and unchanged leader of the Ukrainian jazz-rock group Braty Bluzu.	Myroslav Levytsky	26 January 1963
date of birth	Adem Alkaşi (born 14 April 1984 in İstanbul) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Boluspor.	Adem Alkaşi	14 April 1984
date of birth	Giovanni Palmieri dos Santos (born 23 June 1989) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Fluminense mainly as a left back.	Giovanni Palmieri dos Santos	23 June 1989
date of birth	Masao Takahashi (born 1929) is a Canadian judoka, author, coach, and founder of the Takahashi School of Martial Arts (Est. 1969) in Ottawa.	Masao Takahashi	1929
date of birth	Maurice Princet (1875 -- October 23, 1973) was a French mathematician and actuary who played a role in the birth of cubism.	Maurice Princet	1875
date of birth	Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir (born 25 July 1986) is an Icelandic footballer who most recently played as a striker for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan.	Margrét Lára Viðarsdóttir	25 July 1986
date of birth	Daniel Chima Chukwu (born 4 April 1991) is a Nigerian footballer playing as a striker for Shanghai Shenxin in Chinese Super League.	Daniel Chima Chukwu	4 April 1991
date of birth	Chackalethu John Yesudass (born 1938), better known as Yesudasan, is a popular cartoonist from Kerala.	Yesudasan	1938
date of birth	Ram Dayal Munda (1939 -- September 30, 2011), known as R. D. Munda, was an Indian scholar and regional music exponent.	Ram Dayal Munda	1939
date of birth	Yosef-Michael Lamm (Hebrew: יוסף-מיכאל לם‎, born 1899, died 25 May 1976) was an Israeli judge and politician who served as a member of the Knesset between 1949 and 1951.	Yosef-Michael Lamm	1899
date of birth	Øyvind Alsaker (born 16 August 1965) is a sports journalist and television personality from Florø, Sogn og Fjordane.	Øyvind Alsaker	16 August 1965
date of birth	Gillian Lowndes (1936 -- 2 October 2010) was an English ceramics sculptor.	Gillian Lowndes	1936
date of birth	June Leavitt (born 1950, New York) is an American-Israeli scholar of Franz Kafka and author of a number of books, both academic and literary, including The Mystical Life of Franz Kafka:	June Leavitt	1950
date of birth	Anu Anand was born on 31 March 2000 in mannargudi.	Anu Anand	31 March 2000
date of birth	Orin C. Smith (born 1942) was President and Chief Executive Officer of Starbucks Corporation from 2000 to 2005.	Orin C. Smith	1942
date of birth	Drew Spence (born 23 October 1992) is an English footballer who plays for FA WSL club Chelsea.	Drew Spence	23 October 1992
date of birth	Friedrich Cerha (born 17 February 1926) is an Austrian composer and conductor.	Friedrich Cerha	17 February 1926
date of birth	Kassa Balcha (born 5 December 1955) is a retired Ethiopian long-distance runner.	Kassa Balcha	5 December 1955
date of birth	Adelina Ismajli (born 14 December 1979 in Pristina) is an Albanian-Kosovar singer, actress, and beauty queen.	Adelina Ismajli	14 December 1979
date of birth	Ilit Azoulay is an Israeli Artist (Born in 1972 in Israel).	Ilit Azoulay	1972
date of birth	Ramón Saldívar (born 1949) is a Mexican-American author, teacher and researcher of cultural studies and Chicano literature.	Ramón Saldívar	1949
date of birth	Ram Chatur Mallik (1902-1990) was an Indian classical musician and an exponent of the Darbhanga gharana of the Dhrupad tradition, one of the oldest genres of Hindustani vocal music.	Ram Chatur Mallik	1902
date of birth	Hannah Stone (born 27 April 1987) is a professional Welsh harpist whose musical education was in Wales and England.	Hannah Stone	27 April 1987
date of birth	Alice Garner (born 1969) is an Australian actress, musician and historian.	Alice Garner	1969
date of birth	Pavol Demeš (born in 1956) is a Transatlantic Fellow at the German Marshall Fund's Bratislava office.	Pavol Demeš	1956
date of birth	James Ince (born c. 1969) is an American NASCAR crew chief.	James Ince	1969
date of birth	Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein (born 22 August 1949) has been the head of the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg and the entire House of Oldenburg since 1980.	Christoph, Prince of Schleswig-Holstein	22 August 1949
date of birth	Robin Koontz (born 1954) is an American author and illustrator of picture books and early readers for children as well as non-fiction for middle school readers.	Robin Koontz	1954
date of birth	Mark Seliger (born 1959) is an American photographer noted for his portraiture.	Mark Seliger	1959
date of birth	Niceto de Zamacois (1820--1885) was a Spanish-born Mexican historian, novelist, poet and journalist.	Niceto de Zamacois	1820
date of birth	Anett Sopronyi (born 27 November 1986 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Serbian first division side ŽRK Zakečar and the Hungarian national team.	Anett Sopronyi	27 November 1986
date of birth	Vizefeldwebel Alfons Nagler, also Alfons Nagler, (born 4 August 1893, date of death unknown) was a World War I flying ace credited with ten aerial victories.	Alfons Nagler	4 August 1893
date of birth	Franz Scholz (10 December 1909 -- 1 September 1998) was a German priest and professor of theology from Breslau, Silesia.	Franz Scholz	10 December 1909
date of birth	Francis West (October 28, 1586 -- February 1633/1634) was a Deputy Governor of the Colony and Dominion of Virginia.	Francis West	1586
date of birth	Pat Garrod (b. Chelmsford 1964) is a British physician and long distance motorcyclist.	Pat Garrod	1964
date of birth	Cong Thanh Do (Vietnamese: Đỗ Thành Công) (born ca. 1959) is a Vietnamese American human rights activist.	Cong Thanh Do	1959
date of birth	Alper Uçar (born 19 January 1985) is a Turkish figure skater who has competed as a single skater and ice dancer.	Alper Uçar	19 January 1985
date of birth	Ali Jawad (born 12 January 1989) is a British Paralympic powerlifter competing in the -59 kg class.	Ali Jawad	12 January 1989
date of birth	Jack Smooth, real name Ron Wells, born in London 1970.	Jack Smooth	1970
date of birth	Lata Sabharwal Seth (born 28 August 1975) is an Indian film and TV actress, who also worked in Bollywood films.	Lata Sabharwal	28 August 1975
date of birth	Neil Shephard (born 8 October 1964), FBA, is a British econometrician, currently Professor of Economics and of Statistics at Harvard University.	Neil Shephard	8 October 1964
date of birth	Sir William Catesby (1450 -- August 25, 1485) was one of Richard III of England's principal councillors.	William Catesby	1450
date of birth	Felix Alvarez OBE (11 October 1951) is a Gibraltarian LGBT, human, civil rights and green activist.	Felix Alvarez	11 October 1951
date of birth	James R. Martin or Jim Martin (born 1951) is a writer, independent producer, director, and documentary filmmaker.	James R. Martin	1951
date of birth	Elinor Macartney Lane (1864 -- March 15, 1909) was an American novelist who was popular in the first decade of the 1900s.	Elinor Macartney Lane	1864
date of birth	Lü Xiwen (simplified Chinese: 吕锡文; traditional Chinese: 呂錫文; pinyin: Lǚ Xīwén; born July 1955) is a Chinese politician who served as the Deputy Communist Party Secretary of Beijing between 2013 and 2015, and prior to that, the head of the Organization Department of the Beijing Party Committee.	Lü Xiwen	July 1955
date of birth	Tino de Lara (born 1917) is a Filipino actor, also known as Tinno de Lara,was an Lvn Pictures supporting player.	Tino de Lara	1917
date of birth	Daniel Dos Santos (born 1978) is an American speculative fiction artist whose work has appeared on book covers by publishers Tor, Bantam, Pyr, and many more, as well as a variety of magazine and comic covers and interiors.	Daniel Dos Santos	1978
date of birth	Dan Norton (born 22 March 1988 in England) is a rugby union player for the England rugby sevens national team, and also plays for Hartpury College R.F.C. in the National Division Two South.	Dan Norton	22 March 1988
date of birth	Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia (6 May 1903 -- 7 November 1938), was the youngest son of Grand Duke Konstantin Konstantinovich of Russia and his wife Grand Duchess Yelizaveta Mavrikiyevna.	Prince Georgy Konstantinovich of Russia	6 May 1903
date of birth	Bruno Lauzi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈbruno ˈlauttsi); 8 August 1937 -- 24 October 2006) was an Italian singer-songwriter, poet and writer.	Bruno Lauzi	8 August 1937
date of birth	Uroš Spajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Спајић; born 13 February 1993) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Toulouse FC.	Uroš Spajić	13 February 1993
date of birth	Bernard Chang (born 1972 in Montreal, Canada) is an Asian American artist/designer best known for his work in the comic book industry and entertainment design.	Bernard Chang	1972
date of birth	John Vallins (Born 19 January 1950) is an Australian Gold and Platinum award winning songwriter/musician best known for his 1970's song ``Too Much, Too Little, Too Late''.	John Vallins	19 January 1950
date of birth	Edward le Despenser (1310--1342) was the third eldest son of Hugh le Despenser the Younger by his wife Eleanor de Clare.	Edward le Despenser	1310
date of birth	Jonathan Yeo (born London, 18 December 1970 ) is a British artist who rose to international prominence in his early 20's as a contemporary portraitist, responsible for paintings of Dennis Hopper, Prince Philip, Erin O'Connor, Tony Blair, and David Cameron among his sitters.	Jonathan Yeo	18 December 1970
date of birth	Hahn William Capps (born 1903) is an American entomologist.	Hahn William Capps	1903
date of birth	Born in Warrington, which then was in Lancashire, on 7 November 1809, he was the son of the physician James Kendrick (1771--1847).	James Kendrick	1809
date of birth	Omar Zakhilwal (Pashto: ډاکتر عمر زاخيلوال‎ ; born 1968) is a politician in Afghanistan, serving as the Finance Minister and Chief Economic Advisor to the President Hamid Karzai.	Omar Zakhilwal	1968
date of birth	Ceccardo Egidio Fucigna (1834 - 1884) was an Italian sculptor who established a long partnership with the architect William Burges.	Ceccardo Egidio Fucigna	1834
date of birth	Liu Guanxiong (Chinese: 刘冠雄; 1861, Fuzhou, Fujian -- 1927, Tianjin) was a Chinese Admiral who was Navy Minister of China, from 1912--1916 and 1917-1919.	Liu Guanxiong	1861
date of birth	Ogawa Doteki (本因坊道的, 1669--90), also known as Honinbo Doteki was a professional Japanese Go player of the Honinbo house.	Honinbo Doteki	1669
date of birth	Alicja Bachleda-Curuś (pron. (aˈlit͡sʲa baˈxlɛda ˈt͡suruɕ); born 12 May 1983) is a Polish actress and singer, who has appeared in films including Trade, Ondine and Pan Tadeusz.	Alicja Bachleda-Curuś	12 May 1983
date of birth	John C. DeFries (born November 26, 1934) is one of the world's leading behavior geneticists.	John C. DeFries	1934
date of birth	The Reverend Tim Hughes (born 23 July 1978) is a British worship leader and singer-songwriter.	Tim Hughes	23 July 1978
date of birth	Mile Stojkoski (Macedonian: Миле Стојкоски; born 4 May 1965), is a Macedonian athlete and humanitarian known for going on long distance marathon runs (ultramarathons) in his wheelchair preceding the Summer Olympic Games.	Mile Stojkoski	4 May 1965
date of birth	Chris McKinney (born 1973) is an American writer born and raised in Hawaii.	Chris McKinney	1973
date of birth	Anna Maria Massetani better known as Lea Massari (born 30 June 1933) is an Italian actress.	Lea Massari	30 June 1933
date of birth	Hendahewage Sanjeewa Gayan Sameera Silva (born 14 January 1974), known as Gayan Silva, is a cricketer for the United Arab Emirates.	Gayan Silva	14 January 1974
date of birth	Sisavath Keobounphanh (Lao: ສີສະຫວາດ ແກ້ວບຸນພັນ; born 1 May 1928) was Vice President of Laos from 1996 to 1998 and third Chairman of the Council of Ministers (Prime Minister) of Laos from 1998 to 2001.	Sisavath Keobounphanh	1928
date of birth	Nguyễn Quốc Trung also called Quoc Trung was born 17 September 1966, is a public entertainment figure, composer, sound arranger and record producer.	Quốc Trung	1966
date of birth	Yu Rongguang (born 30 August 1958), also known as Ringo Yu, is a Chinese actor and martial artist who started his career in Hong Kong.	Yu Rongguang	30 August 1958
date of birth	Vicente López Tovar (1909--1998) was a Spanish soldier, politician and anti-Franco guerrilla fighter.	Vicente López Tovar	1909
date of birth	Niall McCusker (Irish: Niall Mac Oscair; born 8 December 1980) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays for Derry, with whom he has won two National League titles.	Niall McCusker	8 December 1980
date of birth	Kwik Kian Gie (traditional Chinese: 郭建義; simplified Chinese: 郭建义; pinyin: Guō Jiànyì) (born 11 January 1935 in Juwana, Central Java) was the Indonesian Coordinating Minister of Economics and Finance from 1999--2000, and Minister of National Development Planning from 2001-2004.	Kwik Kian Gie	11 January 1935
date of birth	William Washington Vance, also known as W. W. Vance (1849 -- February 16, 1900), was a lawyer and politician in his adopted U.S. state of Louisiana.	William Washington Vance	1849
date of birth	Jim Gutterson (1 July 1939 -- 18 July 2008) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jim Gutterson	1 July 1939
date of birth	Jānis Doniņš (born 20 April 1946) is a Latvian-American former javelin thrower.	Jānis Doniņš	20 April 1946
date of birth	Mohit Banerji (Mohit Bandopadhay) (1912--1961) was a pioneer of the Communist Party of India in West Bengal, India and translated several Communist movement songs of Europe into Bengali.	Mohit Banerji	1912
date of birth	Nur Bekri (Uyghur: نۇر بەكرى‎; born 9 August 1961) is a Chinese politician of Uyghur origin, currently serving as Director of the National Energy Administration.	Nur Bekri	9 August 1961
date of birth	Gareth Sager (born 1960 in Edinburgh, Scotland) is a British guitarist, keyboardist, musician and songwriter, who has played in several British groups.	Gareth Sager	1960
date of birth	Lawrence Heyworth (sometimes spelled Laurence Heyworth; 1786 -- 19 April 1872) was a merchant based in Liverpool, England, who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Derby.	Lawrence Heyworth	1786
date of birth	John Makepeace OBE, (born 6 July 1939) is a British furniture designer and maker.	John Makepeace	6 July 1939
date of birth	Manuel Acevedo (or Acebedo), who was born at Madrid in 1744, was a disciple of Jose Lopez, but by diligently copying the works of the best painters lie soon surpassed his master.	Manuel Acevedo	1744
date of birth	Takeo Kamachi (Japanese: 蒲池 猛夫; 20 March 1936 -- 4 December 2014) was a Japanese sports shooter and Olympic champion, born in Manchuria.	Takeo Kamachi	20 March 1936
date of birth	Xiang Yanmei (向艷梅; born 13 June 1992) is a Chinese weightlifter.	Xiang Yanmei	13 June 1992
date of birth	Priscilla Lopes-Schliep (born 26 August 1982) is a Canadian hurdler in track and field athletic competition.	Priscilla Lopes-Schliep	26 August 1982
date of birth	Alexander Klevan (Александр Клеван; born on 22 October 1950 in Siberia, Russia; אלכסנדר קלבן) is a Russian artist.	Alexander Klevan	22 October 1950
date of birth	Joan B. Gottschall (born 1947) is a Senior Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.	Joan B. Gottschall	1947
date of birth	Stephan Auer (born 11 January 1991) is an Austrian footballer who plays for SK Rapid Wien.	Stephan Auer	11 January 1991
date of birth	Mark Timmons (born 10 May 1986) is a Gaelic footballer from County Laois.	Mark Timmons	10 May 1986
date of birth	Brayden Davidson (born 25 October 1997) is an Australian track and field para-athlete who competes mainly in the T36 classification events.	Brayden Davidson	25 October 1997
date of birth	Stavros Tsoukalas (Greek: Σταύρος Τσουκαλάς; born 28 May 1988) is a Greek footballer who is currently playing for PAS Giannina.	Stavros Tsoukalas	28 May 1988
date of birth	Michel Strauss (born 1951, in Paris) is a French cellist.	Michel Strauss	1951
date of birth	Michael Deakin (born 5 May 1958) is a former English cricketer who played for Derbyshire in 1981.	Michael Deakin	1958
date of birth	Johan Asiata (born 19 December 1985) is a gridiron football offensive lineman who is currently a free agent.	Johan Asiata	19 December 1985
date of birth	Almut Lehmann (married name: Peyper) (born 10 June 1953 in Stuttgart) is a German pair skater.	Almut Lehmann	10 June 1953
date of birth	Herbert Holzing (1931-2000) was an artist and book illustrator.	Herbert Holzing	1931
date of birth	Giuseppe Versaldi (born 30 July 1943) is the Cardinal Prefect of the Congregation for Catholic Education, since his appointment, by Pope Francis on 31 March 2015 to succeed Zenon Cardinal Grocholewski.	Giuseppe Versaldi	30 July 1943
date of birth	Friedhelm Eicker (born 5 April 1927) is a German statistician and former professor at the University of Dortmund.	Friedhelm Eicker	5 April 1927
date of birth	Jonathan Haeber (born 14 Dec, 1981) is an American author, photographer, and guerrilla historian.	Jonathan Haeber	1981
date of birth	Sarah Sheeva Cidade Gomes (born 10 February 1973) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, writer and pastor.	Sarah Sheeva	10 February 1973
date of birth	Grant Wilkinson (born 1974) is a self-taught British gunsmith convicted of illegally converting replica firearms to fire live ammunition.	Grant Wilkinson	1974
date of birth	Roy Curvers (born 27 December 1979) is a professional road cyclist, currently riding for Giant-Alpecin.	Roy Curvers	27 December 1979
date of birth	Sir John Denis Macdonald (26 October 1826 -- 7 February 1908) was a surgeon and fellow of the Royal Society of London.	John Denis Macdonald	26 October 1826
date of birth	Anna Friz (born 1970) is a Canadian artist and musician whose work often pertains to, and utilizes the medium of, sound and radio.	Anna Friz	1970
date of birth	Tim Vleminckx (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɪm ˈvleː.mɪŋks)) (born 31 March 1987 in Anvers) is a Belgian football player who plays as a right back for KSV Bornem.	Tim Vleminckx	31 March 1987
date of birth	Laura Imbruglia (born 15 June 1983) is an Australian indie rock singer-songwriter.	Laura Imbruglia	15 June 1983
date of birth	Arthur-Lucien Beaubien (February 11, 1879 -- March 21, 1971) was a Canadian politician and farmer.	Arthur-Lucien Beaubien	1879
date of birth	Donnell Holmes (born 3 January 1973) in Ivanhoe, North Carolina, U.S. is a professional boxer who fights in the heavyweight division.	Donnell Holmes	3 January 1973
date of birth	Andrew Lee Potts (born 29 October 1979), usually stylized as Andrew-Lee Potts, is an English actor and director.	Andrew-Lee Potts	29 October 1979
date of birth	Maria Rabinky was born 1959 in Saint-Petersburg, the ``cultural hub'' of Russia.	Maria Rabinky	1959
date of birth	Nikolaos Aggelakis (1906-1986) was a Greek football forward of the 1930s.	Nikolaos Aggelakis	1906
date of birth	Aaron Gervais (born 1980) is a Canadian composer of contemporary classical music who lives in San Francisco.	Aaron Gervais	1980
date of birth	James Allen Red Dog (1954--March 3, 1993) was a mixed Sioux and Assiniboine from Fort Peck Indian Reservation who was executed at his own request for murdering Hugh Pennington and who had previously been convicted twice of armed robbery.	James Allen Red Dog	1954
date of birth	Frank J. Nunlist (8 September 1913 - 15 May 1974) was an American businessman who became chairman of Worthington Corporation, and then of Studebaker-Worthington.	Frank J. Nunlist	8 September 1913
date of birth	Robert Poëti (born 13 August 1955) is a Canadian politician and former police officer of the Sûreté du Québec, currently representing the riding of Marguerite-Bourgeoys in the National Assembly of Quebec.	Robert Poëti	13 August 1955
date of birth	Juku Pent (20 November 1918 -- 1995 or October 16, 1991) was a West German cross country skier who competed in the 1950s.	Juku Pent	20 November 1918
date of birth	Philippe Montanier (born 15 November 1964) is French former footballer and football manager, who is the current manager of Rennes.	Philippe Montanier	15 November 1964
date of birth	Nemesio E. Caravana (born 1913) was a famous Filipino film director and actor.	Nemesio E. Caravana	1913
date of birth	Chris Bombolas (born 12 May 1960) (often known as Bomber) is a communications and media specialist, and a television and radio presenter.	Chris Bombolas	12 May 1960
date of birth	Mario Jurić (born 9 February 1979) is a Croatian astronomer.	Mario Jurić	9 February 1979
date of birth	Hardeep Tauo Toganwalia (born 6 April 1984) is a professional kabaddi player.	Hardeep Tauo Toganwalia	6 April 1984
date of birth	Tommy Ekengren, born 17 July 1950 and more known as Tompa Eken, is one of the driving forces behind Kafé 44 in Stockholm and a central figure in the Stockholm punk and the garage rock scene.	Tompa Eken	1950
date of birth	Egbert Stephens (born 15 April 1952) is a former Guyanese cricketer who played a single first-class match for Essequibo in the final of the 1980--81 inter-county Jones Cup.	Egbert Stephens	15 April 1952
date of birth	Bozhidar Grigorov (Bulgarian: Бoжидap Гpигopов; born 27 July 1945) is a retired Bulgarian footballer.	Bozhidar Grigorov	27 July 1945
date of birth	László Sternberg (28 May 1905 -- 1982) was a Hungarian footballer who played professionally in both Europe and the United States.	László Sternberg	28 May 1905
date of birth	Bhagwan Datt Sharma(Hindi: भगवान् दत्त शर्मा ; 23 October 1935) is a well-known person in the field of English and Hindi literature specially of post World War II period in Madhya Pradesh and reforms in school education.	Bhagwan Datt Sharma	23 October 1935
date of birth	Wilhelm Boland (5 January 1950 in Wesel) is a German chemist.	Wilhelm Boland	5 January 1950
date of birth	Abbie Hunnisett (born 28 October 1995) is a British parasport athlete who competes in the F32 club.	Abbie Hunnisett	28 October 1995
date of birth	Owen Beattie (born 3 June 1949) is a Canadian professor of anthropology at the University of Alberta.	Owen Beattie	3 June 1949
date of birth	Henry Agar-Ellis, 3rd Viscount Clifden (25 February 1825 -- 20 February 1866), styled the Lord Dover from 1833 to 1836, was an Irish courtier and race horse owner.	Henry Agar-Ellis, 3rd Viscount Clifden	25 February 1825
date of birth	Demetrius Havanas (born 1950, Dallas, Texas died July 1981, Cookeville, Tennessee), known as 'The Golden Greek', was a third degree karate black belt and kickboxer.	Demetrius Havanas	1950
date of birth	Sardara Singh (born 15 July 1986 in Rania) sometimes referred as Sardar Singh, is an Indian professional field hockey player.	Sardara Singh	15 July 1986
date of birth	Dagmar Midcap (born Dagmar Gottschalk; 1969) is a Canadian-born American media personality and meteorologist originally based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Dagmar Midcap	1969
date of birth	Adam Stephen (c. 1718 -- July 16, 1791) was a Scottish-born doctor and military officer.	Adam Stephen	1718
date of birth	Shane Sutherland (born 23 October 1990) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Scottish League One side Peterhead	Shane Sutherland	23 October 1990
date of birth	Harold Curran (10 June 1888 -- 26 June 1971) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Harold Curran	10 June 1888
date of birth	Yuri Salnikov (born 6 June 1950) is a former Soviet equestrian and Olympic champion.	Yuri Salnikov	6 June 1950
date of birth	Lu Zhiqiang (born 1952) is a Chinese businessman, chairman of China Oceanwide, a Chinese property company.	Lu Zhiqiang	1952
date of birth	Suzanne McClelland (born 1959) is a New York-based artist best known for abstract work based in language, speech, and sound.	Suzanne McClelland	1959
date of birth	Enis Nadarević (born 19 July 1987) is a Bosnian footballer who plays professionally for Novara, on loan from Trapani as a winger or striker.	Enis Nadarević	19 July 1987
date of birth	It was into these conditions, where the chief was powerless under the refractory nobles of the state, Marthanda Varma was born in 1706.	Marthanda Varma	1706
date of birth	Born in 1967, Moussa Mohamed Kalifa (موسى محمد خليفة) is a Libyan citizen who was charged with being a member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, and accused of participating in terrorism after he attempted to move to Canada as a refugee under a false name in 2001.	Moussa Mohamed Kalifa	1967
date of birth	Fiona Foley (born 1964) is a contemporary Indigenous Australian artist from Badtjala, Fraser Island, Queensland.	Fiona Foley	1964
date of birth	Zahra Rahmat Allah (born 1954) is a Yemeni short story writer.	Zahra Rahmat Allah	1954
date of birth	Helen Young (born 10 June 1969) is an English weather forecaster and television presenter.	Helen Young	10 June 1969
date of birth	Barbara Ras (b. 1949 New Bedford, Massachusetts ) is an American poet, translator and publisher.	Barbara Ras	1949
date of birth	Cindy Lee Van Dover (born 1954) is the Harvey Smith Professor of Biological Oceanography and chair of the Division of Marine Science and Conservation at Duke University.	Cindy Lee Van Dover	1954
date of birth	Daniel Bennett St. John Roosa (1838--1908) was an American physician, born in Bethel, New York.	Daniel Bennett St. John Roosa	1838
date of birth	Juan Hernández López (March 1859 -- ?) was a Puerto Rican politician, senator, and attorney.	Juan Hernández López	March 1859
date of birth	Suh Nam-pyo (born 22 April 1936) was the thirteenth president of KAIST from 2006 until 2013, succeeding Robert B. Laughlin and succeeded by Sung-Mo Kang.	Suh Nam-pyo	22 April 1936
date of birth	Antônio de Castro Mayer, STL (20 June 1904--25 April 1991) was a Brazilian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.	Antônio de Castro Mayer	20 June 1904
date of birth	Siddhant Lohani (Nepali: सिद्धान्त लोहनी) (born 2 March 1995) is a Nepalese cricketer.	Siddhant Lohani	2 March 1995
date of birth	Amos Pizzey (born 1967) is the creative director and founder of Talenthouse Inc. Born in West London, his mother Erin Pizzey was the founder of the Women's Refugee Movement.	Amos Pizzey	1967
date of birth	Mokhtar Laghzioui (Arabic: المختار الغزيوي, Mokhtar el-Ghzioui--Born in 1972, Meknes) is a Moroccan journalist and editor of Al Ahdath Al Maghribia.	Mokhtar Laghzioui	1972
date of birth	Ernest Knaebel (June 14, 1872-February 19, 1947) was an American lawyer and the eleventh reporter of decisions of the United States Supreme Court, serving from 1916 to 1944.	Ernest Knaebel	1872
date of birth	Martin Wuttke (born 8 February 1962) is a German actor and director who reached international recognition for his portrayal of Adolf Hitler in the 2009 film Inglourious Basterds.	Martin Wuttke	8 February 1962
date of birth	Ron Steward (born 1927), is a former Australian media personality.	Ron Steward	1927
date of birth	Jacob Selmes (born 13 February 1986 in Katoomba, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league player for the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in the National Rugby League competition.	Jacob Selmes	13 February 1986
date of birth	William Ponsonby, 2nd Earl of Bessborough PC PC (I) (1704 -- 11 March 1793) was a British politician and public servant.	William Ponsonby, 2nd Earl of Bessborough	1704
date of birth	Greg Thomas (born John Gregory Thomas, 12 August 1960, Trebanos, Glamorgan, Wales) is a Welsh former cricketer, who played in five Tests and three ODIs for England between 1986 and 1987.	Greg Thomas	12 August 1960
date of birth	Thomas Kirkland M.D. (1721--1798) was an English physician and medical writer.	Thomas Kirkland	1721
date of birth	Orlando Pineda Torres (born 15 February 1986) is a Mexican football, who plays as a midfielder for Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz (Red Sharks of Veracruz).	Orlando Pineda	15 February 1986
date of birth	Elsie Margaret Stones AM, MBE (born 28 August 1920 at Colac, Victoria) is an Australian botanical illustrator.	Margaret Stones	28 August 1920
date of birth	Nicholas Duncan-Williams (born 12 May 1957) is the Presiding Archbishop and General Overseer of the charismatic Action Chapel International (ACI) ministry, headquartered in Accra, Ghana.	Nicholas Duncan-Williams	12 May 1957
developer	Developed by Day 1 Studios and published by Microsoft, MechAssault was initiated when Denny Thorley of Day 1 Studios approached Jon Kimmich of Microsoft about developing an original BattleTech game built from the ground up to support console play.	MechAssault	Day 1 Studios
developer	RC Revenge is a racing game released for the PlayStation in 2000, developed by Acclaim Entertainment, It is set in 5 different movie worlds (Horror World, Planet Adventure, Jungle World, AKLM Studios and Monster World) in which the player races remote controlled cars across many varied tracks.	RC Revenge	Acclaim Entertainment
developer	Barkley Shut Up and Jam! 2 is a 1995 basketball sports game developed and published by Accolade exclusively for the Sega Genesis.	Barkley Shut Up and Jam! 2	Accolade
developer	Spelling Challenges and More! is a puzzle video game developed by Supersonic Software and published by Crave Entertainment for the Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable.	Spelling Challenges and More!	Supersonic Software
developer	Syndicate Wars is the third video game title in the Syndicate series, created by Bullfrog Productions in 1996.	Syndicate Wars	Bullfrog Productions
developer	Mario Power Tennis, known in Japan as Mario Tennis GC (マリオテニスGC Mario Tenisu Jī Shī), is a sports game developed by Camelot Software Planning and published by Nintendo for the GameCube in 2004.	Mario Power Tennis	Camelot Software Planning
developer	Sword of the Stars is a space 4X game developed by Kerberos Productions.	Sword of the Stars	Kerberos Productions
developer	Toxic Bunny is a side-scrolling action computer game for DOS computers released in 1996 by Celestial Games http://www.celestial-games.com/.	Toxic Bunny	Celestial Games
developer	SimCity Societies is a city-building simulation computer game developed by Tilted Mill Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts (EA), and is part of the Sim games series.	SimCity Societies	Tilted Mill Entertainment
developer	Championship Manager 2009 Express is the iOS version of Eidos Interactive's best-selling football management PC title, developed by Dundee-based, BAFTA award-winning mobile games developer Dynamo Games.	Championship Manager 2009 Express	Dynamo Games
developer	Last Rebellion is a role-playing video game video game developed by Nippon Ichi Software and Hit Maker and published by Nippon Ichi Software in Japan as well as in North America and Tecmo Koei in Europe exclusively for the PlayStation 3.	Last Rebellion	Nippon Ichi Software
developer	Streets of Rage 3, known in Japan as Bare Knuckle III (ベア・ナックルIII) and subtitled Tekken Seiten (鉄拳聖典 lit. Iron Fist Scriptures) in pre-release media and the official soundtrack release, is a side-scrolling beat 'em up released by Sega in 1994 for the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis.	Streets of Rage 3	Sega
developer	Big Brain Wolf is a video game developed and released by Frima Studio through Steam in 2009.	Big Brain Wolf	Frima Studio
developer	Super Doubles Tennis is an arcade game released by Data East in 1983.	Super Doubles Tennis	Data East
developer	Alien Rage was developed by the Bydgoszcz studio of Polish developer CI Games, then known as City Interactive, using Unreal Engine 3.	Alien Rage	City Interactive
developer	Dr. Muto is a 2002 platforming video game developed and published by Midway Games.	Dr. Muto	Midway Games
developer	MotorStorm is a 2006 racing video game developed by Evolution Studios and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the Sony PlayStation 3 computer entertainment system.	MotorStorm	Evolution Studios
developer	Climate Challenge is a Flash-based global warming game produced by the BBC and developed by Red Redemption.	Climate Challenge	Red Redemption
developer	Armored Fist 3 is a tank simulation video game developed and published by NovaLogic, released on October 12, 1999.	Armored Fist 3	NovaLogic
developer	Game Dev Tycoon was created by Greenheart Games, a company founded in July 2012 by brothers Patrick and Daniel Klug.	Game Dev Tycoon	Greenheart Games
developer	Banjo-Kazooie is a platform video game developed by Rare and originally released for the Nintendo 64 video game console on 29 June 1998 in North America and 17 July 1998 in Europe.	Banjo-Kazooie	Rare
developer	Spy Fiction (スパイフィクション) is a 2003 stealth-based video game by Access Games for the PlayStation 2.	Spy Fiction	Access Games
developer	Heroes of Might and Magic IV is a turn-based strategy game developed by Gus Smedstad through New World Computing and published by the 3DO Company for Microsoft Windows-based personal computers in 2002.	Heroes of Might and Magic IV	New World Computing
developer	Worms Ultimate Mayhem is an artillery strategy game developed by Team17.	Worms Ultimate Mayhem	Team17
developer	Max Payne is a third-person shooter action thriller video game developed by Remedy Entertainment and published by Gathering of Developers in July 2001 for Microsoft Windows.	Max Payne	Remedy Entertainment
developer	Scooter Shooter is a horizontal-scrolling shooter arcade game developed by Konami in 1985 with competitive play against either a computer opponent or another player.	Scooter Shooter	Konami
developer	Frogs and Flies is a 1982 video game by Mattel for the Atari 2600 and Commodore 64 platforms.	Frogs and Flies	Mattel
developer	Synergy was added to the IBM's Rational Software family of SCM tools and named Rational Synergy.	Rational Synergy	Rational Software
developer	WorldShift is a science fiction tactical role-playing game video game released in 2008 by Crytek Black Sea.	WorldShift	Crytek Black Sea
developer	ArcEditor is the midlevel software suite designed for advanced editing of spatial data published in the proprietary Esri format.	ArcEditor	Esri
developer	Sine Mora is a shoot 'em up video game developed by Digital Reality and Grasshopper Manufacture for the Xbox 360, Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita and iOS.	Sine Mora	Digital Reality
developer	Ball Fighter is a puzzle video game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare.	Ball Fighter	Teyon
developer	Mystic Heroes, released in Japan as Battle Houshin (バトル封神), is a beat 'em up video game developed by Koei.	Mystic Heroes	Koei
developer	Boom Blox Bash Party is a physics-based puzzle video game developed by EA Los Angeles and Amblin Entertainment and published by Electronic Arts for the Wii video game console.	Boom Blox Bash Party	Amblin Entertainment
developer	Ms. Splosion Man is a platform video game developed by Twisted Pixel Games, and was released on Xbox 360 on July 13, 2011 as well as Windows Phone.	Ms. Splosion Man	Twisted Pixel Games
developer	Tony Hawk's Underground 2 is the sixth installment in Neversoft's Tony Hawk's series and is the sequel to Tony Hawk's Underground.	Tony Hawk's Underground 2	Neversoft
developer	Guilty Gear X2, also known as Guilty Gear XX (Japanese: ギルティギア イグゼクス Hepburn: Giruti Gia Iguzekusu) and subtitled The Midnight Carnival in Japan, is a fighting game developed by Arc System Works and published by Sammy Studios.	Guilty Gear X2	Arc System Works
developer	Galaxian 3 (also known as Galaxian³: Project Dragoon) is an arcade game released by Namco in 1990 and its immediate sequel as a scaled-down arcade cabinet in 1994.	Galaxian 3	Namco
developer	EA Sports FIFA Superstars was a football managing game developed by Playfish and Electronic Arts.	EA Sports FIFA Superstars	Playfish	Electronic Arts
developer	Beyond Divinity is a role-playing video game from Larian Studios, which followed up on Divine Divinity and was published on April 28, 2004.	Beyond Divinity	Larian Studios
developer	Project Stealth Fighter is a combat flight simulator released in 1987 by MicroProse, featuring a fictional United States military aircraft.	Project Stealth Fighter	MicroProse
developer	Mean 18 is the name of a series of computer golf games released by Accolade in the late 1980s and early 1990s.	Mean 18	Accolade
developer	Starsiege is a mecha-style vehicle simulation game developed by Dynamix and released in 1999.	Starsiege	Dynamix
developer	Actua Pool is a sports simulation video game developed by British company Gremlin Interactive as part of their highly successful Actua Sports series of sport simulators of the mid-to-late 1990s.	Actua Pool	Gremlin Interactive
developer	Escape from Monkey Island is a computer adventure game developed and released by LucasArts in 2000.	Escape from Monkey Island	LucasArts
developer	Tropico 5 is a semi-democratic construction and management simulation video game developed by Haemimont Games and released on 23 May 2014.	Tropico 5	Haemimont Games
developer	Rack 'Em Up is a Billiards/Pool arcade game developed by Konami in 1987 with two game types: 9-Ball or Rotation.	Rack 'Em Up	Konami
developer	GP-1 is a motorcycle racing game developed by Genki and published by Atlus for the SNES, which was released in 1993.	GP-1	Genki
developer	Windows Home Server 2011, code named Vail, is a home server operating system by Microsoft designed for small office/home offices and homes with multiple connected PCs to offer protected file storage, file sharing, automated PC backup, remote access, and remote control of PC desktops.	Windows Home Server 2011	Microsoft
developer	Kinect Sports is a sports video game developed by Rare and published by Microsoft Game Studios for the Xbox 360.	Kinect Sports	Rare
developer	World Series Baseball '95 is a traditional baseball simulation video game by Sega that allows players to put teams involved in the 1994 Major League Baseball season in either exhibition, regular season, or playoff mode.	World Series Baseball '95	Sega
developer	Battle.net is an internet-based online gaming, digital distribution, and digital rights management platform developed by Blizzard Entertainment.	Battle.net	Blizzard Entertainment
developer	Sid Meier's Covert Action is an action and strategy video game developed and released in 1990 by MicroProse for the DOS and the Amiga.	Sid Meier's Covert Action	MicroProse
developer	Faith Fighter is an online fighting game developed by the Italian website Molleindustria in which players fight as religious figures such as Buddha, Jesus or Muhammad and must fight Xenu after beating all playable characters.	Faith Fighter	Molleindustria
developer	Burnout Dominator is a racing game developed and published by Electronic Arts for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable.	Burnout Dominator	Electronic Arts
developer	Canaan Online or Pet Forest Online (in the North America) is a free-to-play, browser-based massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) by XPEC Entertainment.	Canaan Online	XPEC Entertainment
developer	Pocket Planes is a business simulation video game developed by NimbleBit for iOS.	Pocket Planes	NimbleBit
developer	Golden Axe II is a side-scrolling beat 'em up video game developed and published by Sega, first released on the Sega Genesis in December 1991.	Golden Axe II	Sega
developer	Def Jam Rapstar is a rapping game developed by 4mm Games.	Def Jam Rapstar	4mm Games
developer	MySQL Enterprise is a subscription-based service produced by Oracle Corporation and targeted toward the commercial market.	MySQL Enterprise	Oracle Corporation
developer	Descent 3 (stylized as Descent³) is a first-person shooter video game developed by Outrage Entertainment and published by Interplay Productions.	Descent 3	Outrage Entertainment
developer	Wayne Gretzky Hockey is an ice hockey-themed sports game developed by Bethesda Softworks, and first published in 1988.	Wayne Gretzky Hockey	Bethesda Softworks
developer	Keyboardmania (alternately KEYBOARD MANIA, and abbreviated KBM) is a rhythm video game created by the Bemani division of Konami.	Keyboardmania	Konami
developer	The IW engine is a game engine developed by Infinity Ward, Treyarch, and Sledgehammer Games for the Call of Duty series.	IW engine	Infinity Ward	Treyarch	Sledgehammer Games
developer	Colors! 3D is a digital painting application developed by Collecting Smiles for the Nintendo 3DS as a successor to the homebrew application Colors!.	Colors! 3D	Collecting Smiles
developer	Stronghold Crusader II is the latest title in Firefly Studios Stronghold franchise of ``Castle Sim'' RTS games, and was released on September 23, 2014.	Stronghold Crusader II	Firefly Studios
developer	Super Locomotive is a side-scrolling train arcade video game developed by Sega and released in 1982.	Super Locomotive	Sega
developer	DJ Max Fever (Korean: 디제이맥스 피버, dijeimaegseu pibeo; abbr.: DMF) is a music game for the PlayStation Portable developed by Pentavision and PM Studios.	DJ Max Fever	Pentavision
developer	Dunes of War is an arcade shooter real-time strategy simulation game that was developed by ZootFly.	Dunes of War	ZootFly
developer	Dragon Knight 4 (ドラゴンナイト４) is an erotic role-playing video game developed by ELF Corporation and released only in Japan for several platforms between 1994 and 1997.	Dragon Knight 4	ELF Corporation
developer	Diablo III is an action role-playing video game developed and published by Blizzard Entertainment.	Diablo III	Blizzard Entertainment
developer	Megafortress is a flight simulation video game developed by Artech Digital Entertainment and released by Three-Sixty Pacific Inc in 1991.	Megafortress	Artech Digital Entertainment
director	Vessel of Wrath is a 1938 British film directed by Erich Pommer, and produced by Pommer and star Charles Laughton.	Vessel of Wrath	Erich Pommer
director	Dil Aashna Hai (English: The Heart Knows the Truth, Hindi: दिल आशना है, Urdu: دِل آشنا ہے‎) is a 1992 Indian film which was produced & directed by Hema Malini on H. M. Creations banner.	Dil Aashna Hai	Hema Malini
director	Asha O Bhalobasha is a 1989 Bengali film directed by Sujit Guha and produced by Mamani Films under the banner of Mamani Films.	Asha O Bhalobasha	Sujit Guha
director	Kick 2 is a 2015 Telugu action comedy film written by Vakkantham Vamsi and directed by Surender Reddy.	Kick 2	Surender Reddy
director	A Chump at Oxford, directed in 1939 by Alfred J. Goulding and released in 1940 by United Artists, was the penultimate Laurel and Hardy film made at the Hal Roach studios.	A Chump at Oxford	Alfred J. Goulding
dissolved or abolished	The Mirro Aluminum Company was an aluminum cookware company that existed in Manitowoc, Wisconsin from 1909 to 2003.	Mirro Aluminum Company	2003
dissolved or abolished	The Iceland Defense Force (IDF) was a military command of the United States Armed Forces from 1951 to 2006.	Iceland Defense Force	2006
dissolved or abolished	Borders of Rawa Voivodeship remained unchanged for more than 300 years, until the second partition of Poland in 1793, when it was annexed by the Kingdom of Prussia.	Rawa Voivodeship	1793
dissolved or abolished	In July 2010, DFDS acquired Norfolkline;	Norfolkline	2010
dissolved or abolished	The Greenback Party (known successively as the Independent Party, the National Independent Party, and the Greenback Labor Party) was an American political party with an anti-monopoly ideology which was active between 1874 and 1889.	Greenback Party	1889
educated at	Alain Seban graduated from the École Polytechnique (X83), the ENSAE ParisTech and the Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris.	Alain Seban	École Polytechnique
educated at	Robin Attfield, MA (Oxon), PhD (Wales) has been Professor of Philosophy at Cardiff University since 1992.	Robin Attfield	Cardiff University
educated at	Charles Oxenden was educated at Harrow School, where he captained the school cricket team in 1818, and arranged the first regular Eton v Harrow cricket match.	Charles Oxenden	Harrow School
educated at	One Henry Bedel took the degree of B.A. at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, on 13 February 1555-6, and M.A. 1566 (Wood, Fasti Oxon. (Bliss), i. 146, 172).	Henry Bedel	Corpus Christi College
educated at	Clarence Dillon graduated from Worcester Academy and then Harvard, in 1905.	Clarence Dillon	Worcester Academy
educated at	Born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, Rex Cherryman attended Colgate University, (Hamilton, New York) in 1915-1916.	Rex Cherryman	Colgate University
educated at	Nick Winton received a Bachelor of Arts from Brown University in 1985.	Nick Winton	Brown University
educated at	Bernard Roizman received his B.A. and M.S. from Temple University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and subsequently attended the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health where he received his Sc.D.	Bernard Roizman	Temple University
educated at	Adolf Mwesige holds the degree of Bachelor of Laws (LLB) from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest university.	Adolf Mwesige	Makerere University
educated at	Labdhi Bhandari (29 July 1948 -- 19 October 1988) was the State Trading Corporation of India Professor of Marketing at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad and a widely respected authority on marketing in India.	Labdhi Bhandari	Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad
educated at	Sudhindra Bose attended Victoria College of University of Calcutta from 1901-1903.	Sudhindra Bose	University of Calcutta
educated at	Born on 27 November 1858, in Hoshangabad, India, where his father was an assistant surgeon in the Indian Medical Service, Frank Beaman was educated at Bedford School and at The Queen's College, Oxford.	Frank Beaman	The Queen's College
educated at	Edward Daniel Cartier (August 1, 1914 -- December 25, 2008), known professionally as Edd Cartier, was an American pulp magazine illustrator who specialized in science fiction and fantasy art. Born in North Bergen, New Jersey, Cartier studied at Pratt Institute.	Edd Cartier	Pratt Institute
educated at	Vijay Bahuguna did his bachelors Arts and then LLB from Allahabad University in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh.	Vijay Bahuguna	Allahabad University
educated at	Juan Carlos Escotet has a master's degree from the University of Miami.	Juan Carlos Escotet	University of Miami
educated at	Dmitry Shirkov graduated from the Faculty of Physics at Moscow State University (MSU) in 1949.	Dmitry Shirkov	Moscow State University
educated at	Johannes du Plessis attended seminary in the University of Stellenbosch in South Africa and later the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, graduating with a doctorate in theology.	Johannes du Plessis	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Dr. Eugene Revitch, M.D. (1909--1996) was born in Riga, Latvia, attended the University of Montpellier in France, and graduated from the University of Paris Medical School in 1936.	Eugene Revitch	University of Paris
educated at	Asfandyar Wali Khan completed his early education from Aitchison College, Lahore, High School from Islamia Collegiate School and his BA from Islamia College, Peshawar Pakhtoon Khwa University of Peshawar.	Asfandyar Wali Khan	Aitchison College
educated at	Erias Lukwago attended Makerere University between 1995 until 1997, graduating with the degree of Bachelor of Laws (LLB).	Erias Lukwago	Makerere University
educated at	Søren Ulrik Thomsen studied comparative literature at the University of Copenhagen, but prioritized writing poetry rather than completing his degree.	Søren Ulrik Thomsen	University of Copenhagen
educated at	After finishing the high school, Yıldırım Akbulut was educated in Law at Istanbul University.	Yıldırım Akbulut	Istanbul University
educated at	Nicholas Peterson is a graduate of the California Institute of the Arts (CalArts) where he developed skills in stop-motion animation.	Nicholas Peterson	California Institute of the Arts
educated at	In 1996, he received a J.D. from the Southern Methodist University School of Law, where he was president of the Student Bar Association.Todd Gilbert is married to Jennifer Wishon Gilbert.	Todd Gilbert	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Bolte Taylor founded the nonprofit Jill Bolte Taylor Brains, Inc., she is affiliated with the Indiana University School of Medicine, and she is the national spokesperson for the Harvard Brain Tissue Resource Center.	Jill Bolte Taylor	Indiana University
educated at	Anna Simó earned an undergraduate degree in Catalan philology from the University of Barcelona in 1991 and went on to complete a post-degree program in language planning at the same university in 1992.	Anna Simó	University of Barcelona
educated at	Shyamaprasad Mukherjee, FNASc, known as S. P. Mukherjee, (born 16 June 1939) is an Indian statistician and the Centenary Professor of Statistics at the University of Calcutta.	Shyamaprasad Mukherjee	University of Calcutta
educated at	Bill Putich was an American football player who played quarterback and halfback for the University of Michigan Wolverines football teams from 1949 to 1951.	Bill Putich	University of Michigan
educated at	William J. Ripple is a Distinguished Professor of Ecology at Oregon State University in the Department of Forest Ecosystems and Society.	William J. Ripple	Oregon State University
educated at	Killi Krupa Rani was born in Srikakulam and did her M.B.B.S. at Andhra Medical College, Visakhapatanam, Andhra Pradesh.	Killi Krupa Rani	Andhra Medical College
educated at	Leora Skolkin-Smith graduated (BA and MFA) from Sarah Lawrence College.	Leora Skolkin-Smith	Sarah Lawrence College
educated at	Susan Winchester, born in Chickasha, Oklahoma, earned her bachelor's and master's degrees at the University of Oklahoma.	Susan Winchester	University of Oklahoma
educated at	Don McLeary attended the University of Tennessee at Knoxville, working to obtain Bachelor of Science and Master of Science degrees.	Don McLeary	University of Tennessee
educated at	Born in London, where her parents settled after migrating from India, Maya Jaggi was educated at Oxford University and the London School of Economics.	Maya Jaggi	London School of Economics
educated at	Mubasshar Hussein completed his bachelor of architecture from Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology.	Mubasshar Hussein	Bangladesh University of Engineering and Technology
educated at	Richard Hosking, a graduate of the University of Cambridge and emeritus professor of Sociology and English at Hiroshima Shudo University, has lived in London since 1998 and is a writer on Japanese food.	Richard Hosking	University of Cambridge
educated at	The Peter De Abrew Memorial Scholarship has been awarded annually since 1948 in his memory at his alma mater Royal College, Colombo and the Peter De Abrew Memorial Auditorium at Musaeus College is named after him.	Peter De Abrew	Royal College, Colombo
educated at	In 1826 Hugh Falconer graduated at the University of Aberdeen, where he studied natural history.	Hugh Falconer	University of Aberdeen
educated at	A graduate of Beijing Language and Culture University and Columbia Law School, Da Chen lived in the Hudson Valley in New York but has recently moved to Torrance, California with his wife, the paranormal romance author Sunni, and two children.	Da Chen	Columbia Law School
educated at	Steve Giovinco was born in Tarrytown, New York; he graduated from Washington University in St. Louis with a BA in history and literature and Yale University with an MFA in photography, where he studied with Tod Papageorge, Thomas Roma, Richard Benson;	Steve Giovinco	Yale University
educated at	LaMar C. Berrett (March 28, 1926 -- August 25, 2007) was an American professor of religion at Brigham Young University (BYU).	LaMar C. Berrett	Brigham Young University
educated at	Seymour Ginsburg received his B.S. from City College of New York in 1948, where along with fellow student Martin Davis he attended an honors mathematics class taught by Emil Post.	Seymour Ginsburg	City College of New York
educated at	Daniel Blythe is a British author, who was born in Maidstone in 1969 and studied Modern Languages at St John's College, Oxford.	Daniel Blythe	St John's College
educated at	Donald M. Frame (1911 in Manhattan -- March 8, 1991 in Alexandria, Virginia), a scholar of French Renaissance literature, was Moore Professor Emeritus of French at Columbia University, where he laboured for half a century.	Donald M. Frame	Columbia University
educated at	Thomas J. McCormick is an emeritus professor of history at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison where he succeeded William Appleman Williams and continued the groundbreaking work of the so-called Wisconsin School that is credited with launching the New Left movement in diplomatic history.	Thomas J. McCormick	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Evelyn Basil Boothby (of the family of the Boothby baronets) was educated at Winchester College and Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.	Basil Boothby	Winchester College	Corpus Christi College
educated at	After high school, Curtis Pride attended the College of William and Mary.	Curtis Pride	College of William and Mary
educated at	Born in New York City, the son of Stella Commins Ballantine (niece of anarchist Emma Goldman), Ian Ballantine received his undergraduate degree from Columbia College and his graduate degree from the London School of Economics.	Ian Ballantine	London School of Economics
educated at	Willard Warch (1909 -- October 12, 2002) was a schoolmaster at Punahou School in Honolulu, HI, first cello with the Honolulu Symphony and a Professor of Music and Theory at Oberlin College for 30 years.	Willard Warch	Oberlin College
educated at	After graduating from York Memorial Collegiate Institute Alan Tonks attended York University where he earned a Master's degree in political economy and the University of Toronto where he received a Masters in Education.	Alan Tonks	University of Toronto
educated at	Lushin Dubey did her Masters in Science in Childhood and Special Education in the US, after a Masters in History from Lady Shri Ram College for Women (LSR), University of Delhi, India and was then deeply involved in teaching mentally challenged kids.	Lushin Dubey	Lady Shri Ram College for Women
educated at	Crawford Long was a member of the Demosthenian Literary Society while a student at the University of Georgia and shared a room with Alexander Stephens, Vice President of the Confederate States of America during the American Civil War.	Crawford Long	University of Georgia
educated at	Jean-Victor Poncelet (July 1, 1788 -- December 22, 1867) was a French engineer and mathematician who served most notably as the Commanding General of the École Polytechnique.	Jean-Victor Poncelet	École Polytechnique
educated at	Victor Remsha became involved in the world of finance in 1993 as a student of the Bauman Moscow State Technical University.	Victor Remsha	Bauman Moscow State Technical University
educated at	Thompson Capper attended Haileybury and Imperial Service College and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst before being commissioned into the East Lancashire Regiment as a junior officer in 1882.	Thompson Capper	Royal Military College, Sandhurst
educated at	Dr Heather Bell was brought up in Canada, and studied at Harvard University graduating summa cum laude in History and Science at the age of 20.	Heather Bell	Harvard University
educated at	Juan Francisco Casas Ruiz graduated with a B.A. and a M.F.A. from the University of Granada.	Juan Francisco Casas	University of Granada
educated at	He was the only son of Thomas Neale of Warnford, Hampshire by Lucy, the daughter of Sir William Uvedale of Wickham, Hampshire and educated at Clare College, Cambridge.	Thomas Neale	Clare College
educated at	Born in Genoa, Italy, and educated at Istituto Arecco, Tomaso Poggio completed his doctorate in physics at the University of Genoa and received his degree in Theoretical Physics under professor A. Borsellino.	Tomaso Poggio	University of Genoa
educated at	Constantin Rozanoff entered the prestigious engineering school École Centrale Paris, where he graduated in 1928.	Constantin Rozanoff	École Centrale Paris
educated at	Horace Wilder was born at West Hartland, Connecticut, and graduated from Yale University in 1823.	Horace Wilder	Yale University
educated at	Kelly Harrison (born 1980) is a British actress, educated at Hungerhill School, Edenthorpe, Doncaster..	Kelly Harrison	Hungerhill School
educated at	In 1901, the University of Edinburgh inaugurated the John Hughes Bennett Laboratory of Experimental Pathology, in homage to ``one of that galaxy of talent and genius that illuminated Edinburgh in the middle decades of the last century''.	John Hughes Bennett	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Jennifer Servo worked as a news reporter at KPAX-TV in Missoula during her freshman year in college at the University of Montana, and later at KECI-TV, which serves most of western Montana.	Jennifer Servo	University of Montana
educated at	Wafaa El-Sadr MD, MPH is director of the International Center for AIDS Care and Treatment Programs (ICAP) and director of the Center for Infectious Disease Epidemiologic Research CIDER at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health.	Wafaa El-Sadr	Columbia University
educated at	Hanna Mortkowicz-Olczakowa graduated Polish studies and art history from the University of Warsaw, also she was studying painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw.	Hanna Mortkowicz-Olczakowa	University of Warsaw	Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Anthony Marten was educated at Trinity Hall, Cambridge, but there is no evidence that he graduated.	Anthony Marten	Trinity Hall
educated at	David Fishelson attended Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts (class of 1974), and the University of Wisconsin-Madison (class of 1978) -- where his mentor was film scholar David Bordwell -- before attending one year of graduate school at the University of Paris III:	David Fishelson	Phillips Academy	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	William Jewett Tucker graduated from Dartmouth in 1861 and studied for the ministry at Andover Theological Seminary.	William Jewett Tucker	Andover Theological Seminary
educated at	David Hermelin (December 27, 1936 -- November 22, 2000) was United States ambassador to Norway and a Detroit area philanthropist and entrepreneur and a graduate of the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business.	David Hermelin	University of Michigan	Ross School of Business
educated at	Hur Jin-ho graduated from Yonsei University with a degree in philosophy and went on to study filmmaking at the Korean Academy of Film Arts.	Hur Jin-ho	Yonsei University
educated at	Michael Ancher was influenced by his traditional training at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts in the 1870s which imposed strict rules for composition.	Michael Ancher	Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Rich Perry attended Bowling Green State University for a year before moving to New York.	Rich Perry	Bowling Green State University
educated at	James B. Terrill was a graduate of Virginia Military Institute, class of 1858.	James B. Terrill	Virginia Military Institute
educated at	Jesuit High School, where Rusty graduated, annually gives the Rusty Staub Award to the leader of the varsity baseball team.	Rusty Staub	Jesuit High School
educated at	Martin Geissler (born 1971) is a Scottish broadcast journalist and correspondent for ITV News Geissler, a former pupil at George Watson's College in Edinburgh, skipping university to join the new Scottish bureau of the then-recently launched Sky News.	Martin Geissler	George Watson's College
educated at	Edgar Vaalgamaa however didn't want to be a fisherman, but went to study theology to the University of Helsinki in 1934.	Edgar Vaalgamaa	University of Helsinki
educated at	Glenn Chadbourne attended Lincoln Academy before continuing his education at The Portland School of Art. He also attended the University of Maine at Augusta, as well as the University of Southern Maine.	Glenn Chadbourne	University of Maine
educated at	Fynes Moryson was educated at Peterhouse, Cambridge, and after graduating he gained a fellowship for further study there.	Fynes Moryson	Peterhouse
educated at	David Limbaugh has a bachelor's degree, cum laude, in political science and a Juris Doctor (J.D.) from the University of Missouri.	David Limbaugh	University of Missouri
educated at	Lawrence Holland studied Anthropology and Prehistoric Archeology, graduating Magna Cum Laude from Cornell University in 1979.	Lawrence Holland	Cornell University
educated at	Gertrude Bell received her early education from Queen's College in London and then later at Lady Margaret Hall, Oxford University, at the age of 17.	Gertrude Bell	Lady Margaret Hall
educated at	Greg Stafford began wargaming after picking up a copy of U-Boat by Avalon Hill, and in 1966 as a freshman at Beloit College he started writing about the fantasy world of Glorantha.	Greg Stafford	Beloit College
educated at	Robert Ray Hamilton graduated from Columbia College and Columbia Law School.	Robert Ray Hamilton	Columbia Law School
educated at	Sibiraj did his schooling in Sherwood Hall Senior Secondary School and Don Bosco Matriculation Higher Secondary School and went to Loyola College where he completed a degree in commerce.	Sibiraj	Loyola College
educated at	Nicholas Boyle FBA (born 18 June 1946) is the Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge and a fellow of Magdalene College, Cambridge.	Nicholas Boyle	University of Cambridge
educated at	Born at Kingsley House, Maidstone, Kent, Julius Brenchley was educated at Maidstone Grammar School and the St John's College, Cambridge.	Julius Brenchley	St John's College
educated at	Robert Simson (14 October 1687 -- 1 October 1768) was a Scottish mathematician and professor of mathematics at the University of Glasgow.	Robert Simson	University of Glasgow
educated at	Max Kahn went to the USA in 1907 studying art at Bradley University, went to Paris in 1926--1928, where he studied primarily sculpture with Charles Despiau and Antoine Bourdelle and drawing with Othon Friesz at the Academy Suede West on the Rive Droite.	Max Kahn	Bradley University
educated at	Deborah Klimburg-Salter is an art historian and emeritus professor for non-European art history at the Department of Art History of the University of Vienna.	Deborah Klimburg-Salter	University of Vienna
educated at	Kirsten Nieuwendam (born August 26, 1991 in Paramaribo) is a Surinamese athlete, who attended St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and currently attends Pennsylvania State University in State College, Pennsylvania.	Kirsten Nieuwendam	Pennsylvania State University
educated at	Manpreet Singh Badal attended The Doon School and St. Stephen's College, Delhi.	Manpreet Singh Badal	St. Stephen's College
educated at	David Biespiel (born February 18, 1964) is an American writer who was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, raised in Houston, Texas, and educated at Boston University, University of Maryland, and Stanford University.	David Biespiel	Boston University
educated at	Yamini Reddy did her schooling at Modern School Barakhamba Road, New Delhi and her graduation from Lady Shri Ram College for Women.	Yamini Reddy	Lady Shri Ram College for Women
educated at	Born on 2 April 1903, Audley McKisack was educated at Bedford School and at University College, Oxford.	Audley McKisack	University College
educated at	Matt Bernstein (born December 26, 1982) is a former American football standout at University of Wisconsin-- Madison, who is currently a free agent of the Arena Football League after a stint in the National Football League with the Detroit Lions.	Matt Bernstein	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Joan Busfield (born 22 June 1940), is a British sociologist and psychologist, Professor of Sociology at the University of Essex and former President of the British Sociological Association (2003--2005).	Joan Busfield	University of Essex
educated at	Gerald Domingue (born 2 March 1937) is an American medical researcher (bacteriology, immunology, experimental urology) and academic who served as Professor of Urology, Microbiology and Immunology in the Tulane University School of Medicine and Graduate School for thirty years and also as Director of Research in Urology.	Gerald Domingue	Tulane University
educated at	Eber Priestley was a graduate of the University of Birmingham, Birmingham.	Eber Priestley	University of Birmingham
educated at	Christopher Columbus Langdell (May 22, 1826 -- July 6, 1906) was an American jurist and legal academic who was Dean of Harvard Law School from 1870 to 1895.	Christopher Columbus Langdell	Harvard Law School
educated at	Pete Brewton holds a Bachelor's degree in philosophy from Rice University, a Master's degree in astronomy from New Mexico State University, a Master's degree from the American Graduate School of International Management, and a law degree from the University of Texas.	Pete Brewton	Rice University	New Mexico State University
educated at	Alison Elliot OBE is the Associate Director of the Centre for Theology and Public Issues at the University of Edinburgh, Scotland.	Alison Elliot	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Earl Henri de Dion (born near Montfort-l'Amaury on 23 December 1828, died in Paris on 13 April 1878) was a French engineer of École Centrale Paris.	Henri de Dion	École Centrale Paris
educated at	Şerif Turgut received her master's degree in international politics from George Washington University, USA.	Şerif Turgut	George Washington University
educated at	Mikhail Petrashevsky graduated from the Tsarskoye Selo Lyceum (1839) and Saint Petersburg State University with a degree in law (1841).	Mikhail Petrashevsky	Saint Petersburg State University
educated at	Sandra Graham is a professor of education at University of California, Los Angeles, where she holds the Presidential Chair in Education and Diversity.	Sandra Graham	University of California, Los Angeles
educated at	Biplab Dasgupta received his MA in economics from the University of Calcutta.	Biplab Dasgupta	University of Calcutta
educated at	Hilda Hänchen received her doctorate in 1943 from the University of Hamburg under the supervision of Fritz Goos, with a dissertation titled Über das Eindringen des totalreflektierten Lichtes in das dünnere Medium (``On the penetration of totally reflected light into the rarer medium'').	Hilda Hänchen	University of Hamburg
educated at	Winfried Fluck studied German, English and American literature at Freie Universität Berlin, Harvard University and the University of California, Berkeley.	Winfried Fluck	Harvard University
educated at	Born Gwyneth June Goodfield in Stratford-upon-Avon in 1927, she read Zoology at the University of London and undertook a PhD in History and Philosophy of Science at Leeds University, graduating in 1959, and spending the following year as a research assistant at Oxford University.	June Goodfield	University of London
educated at	Born in 1898 in Wuyi, Zhejiang, Tang Enbo was a graduate of the Imperial Japanese Army Academy, and therefore was familiar with the tactics of his Japanese enemy during the Second Sino-Japanese War.	Tang Enbo	Imperial Japanese Army Academy
educated at	Mair Russell-Jones, born Mair Eluned Thomas (1917--2013), was a graduate in Music and German from Cardiff University who during the Second World War worked as a civilian codebreaker for the Government Code and Cypher School at Bletchley Park.	Mair Russell-Jones	Cardiff University
educated at	Born in July, 1935 Abrar Hasan got his bachelor's degree in law from University of Karachi.	Abrar Hasan	University of Karachi
educated at	Max Hattler holds a BA from Goldsmiths (2001), a Master of Arts in Animation from the Royal College of Art (2005) and a Doctorate in Fine Art from the University of East London (2014).	Max Hattler	Royal College of Art	University of East London
educated at	Marti Hearst is a professor in the School of Information at the University of California, Berkeley.	Marti Hearst	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	Fernand Daoust studied economics and industrial relations at the Université de Montréal.	Fernand Daoust	Université de Montréal
educated at	Seven Essays by Bernard Knox and Others (Yale University Press, 1955), ISBN 978-0-300-00328-4.	Bernard Knox	Yale University
educated at	John Bertram Andrews (1880--1943) was an American economist, born in South Wayne, Wisconsin, and educated at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison and at Dartmouth College.	John Bertram Andrews	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
father	He was the eldest child of Sun Jian, who was killed during the Battle of Xiangyang when Sun Ce was only 16.	Sun Ce	Sun Jian
father	The eldest son of Constans II, Constantine IV had been named a co-emperor with his father in 654.	Constantine IV	Constans II
father	Gaius Julius Priscus (fl. 3rd century) was a Roman soldier and member of the Praetorian Guard in the reign of Gordian III. Priscus was born in the Roman province of Syria, possibly in Damascus, son of a Julius Marinus a local Roman citizen, possibly of some importance.	Gaius Julius Priscus	Julius Marinus
father	Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai forms an important link between his father, Qusai ibn Kilab (c. 400--480), the great-great-grandfather of Shaiba ibn Hashim (Abdul-Mutallib) and his own sons, since he is the progenitor of the Banu Abd-al-dar	Abd-al-Dar ibn Qusai	Qusai ibn Kilab
father	Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg (German: Nikolaus Friedrich Wilhelm von Holstein-Gottorp, Erbgroßherzog von Oldenburg; 10 August 1897 -- 3 April 1970) was the eldest son of Frederick Augustus II, Grand Duke of Oldenburg, who was the last ruling Grand Duke of Oldenburg.	Nikolaus, Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg	Frederick Augustus II, Grand Duke of Oldenburg
father	Moritz Hermann of Limburg, (born 1664, died 1703), count of Limburg Stirum, son of Moritz of Limburg Stirum, was the second reigning count of the branch Limburg-Styrum-Styrum.	Moritz Hermann of Limburg	Moritz of Limburg
father	Sayyid Ali al-Hakim was born in Najaf, the son of Ayatollah Sayyid Abdul al-Sahib, and the grandson of the Grand Ayatollah Sayyid Muhsin al-Hakim, the latter is considered one of the greatest Shi'ite scholars of the 20th century.	Ali al-Hakim	Sayyid Abdul al-Sahib
father	Tadeáš Hájek was the son of Šimon Hájek (ca. 1485--1551) from an old Prague family.	Tadeáš Hájek	Šimon Hájek
father	Archidamus III (Ancient Greek: Ἀρχίδαμος Γ΄), the son of Agesilaus II, was king of Sparta from 360 BC to 338 BC. While still a prince, he was the eispnelas (inspirer, or pederastic lover) of Cleonymus, son of Sphodrias.	Archidamus III	Agesilaus II
father	Ardys II was the second king of the Mermnad dynasty in Lydia, the son of King Gyges of Lydia.	Ardys II	Gyges of Lydia
father	Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany (Scottish Gaelic: Muireadhach Stiubhart) (1362 -- 24 May 1425) was a leading Scottish nobleman, the son of Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany and the grandson of King Robert II of Scotland, who founded the Stewart dynasty.	Murdoch Stewart, Duke of Albany	Robert Stewart, Duke of Albany
father	The museum, named after Wilhelm Lehmbruck, was originally designed by his son, Manfred Lehmbruck (1913--1992).	Wilhelm Lehmbruck	Manfred Lehmbruck
father	Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein (1425--1492) was the youngest son of Adolph I, Duke of Cleves and of his wife Marie of Burgundy, a sister of Philip the Good, Duke of Burgundy.	Adolph of Cleves, Lord of Ravenstein	Adolph I, Duke of Cleves
father	Born at Carcassonne, François de Joyeuse was the second son of Guillaume de Joyeuse and Marie Eléanor de Batarnay.	François de Joyeuse	Guillaume de Joyeuse
father	Dr Daryl Ng Win Kong, JP (黃永光), born in 1978, is the eldest son of Robert Ng, Chairman of Sino Group.	Daryl Ng	Robert Ng
father	Nina Boucicault (27 February 1867 -- 2 August 1950) was an English actress born to playwright Dion Boucicault and his wife, actress Agnes Kelly Robertson.	Nina Boucicault	Dion Boucicault
father	The son of Irene (née Roth) and Richard Pipes, Daniel Pipes was born in Boston, Massachusetts, in 1949.	Daniel Pipes	Richard Pipes
father	Muthuvel Karunanidhi Azhagiri (born 30 January 1951), commonly known as M. K. Alagiri, is an Indian politician from Tamil Nadu and was a Cabinet Minister of Chemicals and Fertilizers from 13 June 2009 -- 20 March 2013.	M. K. Alagiri	Karunanidhi
father	Nathalie Vadim (born 1958) is the daughter of Roger Vadim and actress Annette Stroyberg.	Nathalie Vadim	Roger Vadim
father	Ranefer ‒ who had a title ``King's Son'' ‒ was a son of Pharaoh Sneferu, who was the first ruler of the Fourth Dynasty.	Ranefer	Sneferu
father	Matthew Pritzker (born May 28, 1982), is a member of the wealthy Pritzker family, the son of Robert Pritzker and one of several heirs of the Pritzker family's Hyatt Hotel fortune.	Matthew Pritzker	Robert Pritzker
father	Tizoc was a son of the Princess Atotoztli II and her cousin, prince Tezozomoc.	Tizoc	Tezozomoc
father	Piero Marrazzo is the son of Giuseppe Marrazzo (a field journalist noted for his investigations on mafia) and Italian-American Luigia Spina.	Piero Marrazzo	Giuseppe Marrazzo
father	Jan Roettiers (Antwerp 4 July 1631 - London, 1703) Joseph Roettiers (Antwerp 1 August 1635 - Paris, 12 September 1703) Philip Roettiers (Antwerp 13 September 1640 - Antwerp, 1718) (father of François Roettiers) Each one of them and their sons continued the family tradition.	François Roettiers	Philip Roettiers
father	Scat Daddy was sired by Johannesburg out of the mare Love Style.	Scat Daddy	Johannesburg
father	Daišan was born of the Manchu Aisin Gioro clan as the second son of Nurhaci, founder of the Qing Dynasty.	Daišan	Nurhaci
father	James Butler, 5th Earl of Ormond, 1st Earl of Wiltshire, KG (c.1422 -- 1 May 1461) was the son of James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond.	James Butler, 5th Earl of Ormond	James Butler, 4th Earl of Ormond
father	The son of a fellow economist and author, Trygve Hoff, Ole-Jacob Hoff also functioned as editor of the influential Norwegian-language economic periodical Farmand until 1989.	Ole-Jacob Hoff	Trygve Hoff
father	Benjamin Stillingfleet was born in Wood Norton, Norfolk in 1702 to Mary Ann and Edward Stillingfleet, a physician.	Benjamin Stillingfleet	Edward Stillingfleet
father	Jacopo Alighieri (1289--1348) was an Italian poet, the son of Dante Alighieri, whom he followed in his exile.	Jacopo Alighieri	Dante Alighieri
father	Nicolas-Pierre Tiolier was the son of Pierre-Joseph Tiolier (1763--1819).	Nicolas-Pierre Tiolier	Pierre-Joseph Tiolier
father	Beldale Ball (foaled 1976) was a brown Thoroughbred racehorse stallion by Nashua out of the mare San Cat (by Barbizon).	Beldale Ball	Nashua
father	His father was Perry Richardson Bass, an investor and philanthropist, and his mother, Nancy Lee Bass, was a philanthropist.	Lee Bass	Perry Richardson Bass
father	Tarabai was the daughter of the famed Maratha general Hambirao Mohite.	Tarabai	Hambirao Mohite
father	In 577, with Northern Qi under a major attack by rival Northern Zhou, Gao Heng's father Gao Wei, then emperor, wanted to try to deflect ill omens that portended a change in imperial status, and therefore passed the throne to Gao Heng.	Gao Heng	Gao Wei
father	Marta Jandová is the daughter of the Czech musician Petr Janda, the solo-guitarist and singer of the band Olympic, which was one of the first and most popular rockbands in the Czech Republic.	Marta Jandová	Petr Janda
father	Yesünto'a was the son of Mutukan, and grandson of Chagatai, founder of the Chagatai Khanate.	Yesünto'a	Mutukan
father	Bred by the Wheatley Stable partnership of Gladys Mills Phipps and her brother, Ogden L. Mills, Bold Bidder was sired by their great stallion Bold Ruler, an eight-time Leading sire in North America and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee.	Bold Bidder	Bold Ruler
father	Probably the son of Zhao Suhou (Marquess Su of Zhao, Simplified Chinese: 赵肃侯), King Wuling of Zhao ascended to the throne at 325 BCE, about halfway into the Warring States Period.	King Wuling of Zhao	Marquess Su of Zhao
father	Alp Arslan died from this wound four days later, on 25 November 1072, in his 42nd year, and he was taken to Merv to be buried next to his father, Chaghri Beg.	Alp Arslan	Chaghri Beg
father	Bred by E. Dale Schaffer's Coldstream Stud in Lexington, Kentucky, Bull Lea was sired by Bull Dog and out of the mare, Rose Leaves by Ballot.	Bull Lea	Bull Dog
father	Cao Xun (231--244) was the older of two adopted sons of Cao Rui, second emperor of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history.	Cao Xun	Cao Rui
father	Diane Linkletter (October 31, 1948 -- October 4, 1969) was the daughter and youngest child of popular American media personality Art Linkletter, and his wife Lois Foerster.	Diane Linkletter	Art Linkletter
father	William Stobart is the executive chairman of Eddie Stobart Logistics Limited, and former Chief Operating Officer of the Stobart Group.	William Stobart	Eddie Stobart
father	Bejaratana Rajasuda (Thai: เพชรรัตนราชสุดา; Thai pronunciation: (pʰêttɕʰarát râːttɕʰasùdāː); rtgs: Phetcharat Ratchasuda, 24 November 1925 -- 27 July 2011) was the only child of the King Vajiravudh of Thailand.	Bejaratana	Vajiravudh
father	Antoine Jacob was the son of Zacharie Jacob, who was the first to adopt Montfleury as a stage name and had achieved great fame as an actor and playwright himself.	Antoine Jacob	Zacharie Jacob
father	Shardari was a bay horse with a faint white star and white socks on his hind legs bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV. His sire Top Ville was an Irish-bred, French-trained horse which won the Prix du Jockey Club in 1979.	Shardari	Top Ville
father	William Howard, 1st Viscount Stafford, FRS (30 November 1614 -- 29 December 1680) was the youngest son of Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel, and his wife, the former Alethea Talbot.	William Howard, 1st Viscount Stafford	Thomas Howard, 21st Earl of Arundel
father	Na'od was the second son of Baeda Maryam I and his second wife Kalyupe (also called ``Calliope''), and was born at Gabarge.	Na'od	Baeda Maryam I
father	Galindo Garcés (died 844) was a Count of Aragón from 833 until his death in 844, the son and successor of García Galíndez (count of Aragón 820--833).	Galindo Garcés	García Galíndez
father	Eremein was by Timber Country (USA) from Marrego (won $78,520) by Marscay.	Eremein	Timber Country
father	Able Friend is a chestnut gelding, with a white sock on his right hind leg bred in Australia by Stuart Ramsey's Ramsey Pastoral Co Pty Ltd. He was sired by the Godolphin stallion Shamardal who won six of his seven races in Europe including four Group One events.	Able Friend	Shamardal
father	Ramkarpal Singh s/o Karpal Singh is a Malaysian lawyer and politician.	Ramkarpal Singh	Karpal Singh
father	He was fathered out of wedlock by Panamanian military ruler Omar Torrijos, Martín Torrijos was educated in economics and political science in the US.	Martín Torrijos	Omar Torrijos
father	Geneviève Halévy was the daughter of the composer Jacques-Fromental Halévy and his wife, née Léonie Rodrigues-Henriques, both Jewish.	Geneviève Halévy	Fromental Halévy
father	His brother Louis-Auguste Say (1774--1840) was a director of a sugar refinery at Nantes who wrote several books on economics; his son, Horace-Émile Say (1794--1860), Léon Say's father, was educated at Geneva, before travelling in America.	Léon Say	Horace-Émile Say
father	Baldwin of Clare (fl. 1141) was the youngest son of Gilbert Fitz-Richard (de Clare), of the elder branch of the line of Gilbert, count of Eu, grandson of Richard the Fearless.	Baldwin of Clare	Gilbert Fitz-Richard
father	Margrethe von der Lühe was the daughter of count Christian Christopher Holck and Ermegaard Sophie von Winterfeldt and the sister of Conrad Holck, the favorite of king Christian VII of Denmark.	Margrethe von der Lühe	Christian Christopher Holck
father	The son of former NBA player Joe Bryant, Kobe Bryant enjoyed a successful high school basketball career at Lower Merion High School in Pennsylvania, where he was recognized as the top high school basketball player in the country.	Kobe Bryant	Joe Bryant
father	Richard March Hoe was born in New York City, the son of Robert Hoe (1784--1833), an English-born American mechanic from Leicestershire.	Richard March Hoe	Robert Hoe
father	Kamran Mirza, sometimes known simply as Kamran, (1509 -- 5 (or 6) October 1557) was the second son of Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire and the first Mughal Emperor.	Kamran Mirza	Babur
founder	Country Garden (Chinese: 碧桂園; Pinyin: Bìguìyuán) (SEHK: 2007) is a property development company based in Guangdong Province, China, owned by Yang Guoqiang's family (Chinese: 杨国强; Pinyin: Yáng Guóqiáng).	Country Garden	Yang Guoqiang
founder	RJ Rockers Brewing Company is a beer brewing company based in Spartanburg, South Carolina, founded in 1997 by current owner/brewer, Mark R. Johnsen.	RJ Rockers Brewing Company	Mark R. Johnsen
founder	Childhood excursions with his father and older brother led the 14-year-old Francisco Moreno to mount a display of his growing collection of anthropological, fossil and bone findings at his family's Buenos Aires home in 1866, unwittingly laying the foundations for the future La Plata Museum.	La Plata Museum	Francisco Moreno
founder	Mideast Youth, which relies on open source platforms, like WordPress and Ruby on Rails, was launched in 2006 by Esra'a Al-Shafei as a simple group-blogging idea.	Mideast Youth	Esra'a Al-Shafei
founder	Public Advocate of the United States is an organization founded in 1978 by Eugene Delgaudio.	Public Advocate of the United States	Eugene Delgaudio
headquarters location	Videoflicks is a video rental store (formerly a chain headquartered in Toronto, Ontario) which was founded in 1981 by Michael and Beverly Kavanagh.	Videoflicks	Toronto
headquarters location	De Höhner (Kölsch for The Chickens, pronounced (də ˈhøˑnɐ), German: (də ˈhøːnɐ)), sometimes (də ˈhœːnɐ)) is a band from Cologne, Germany.	Höhner	Cologne
headquarters location	Micron Technology, Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Boise, Idaho which produces many forms of semiconductor devices, including dynamic random-access memory, flash memory, and solid-state drives.	Micron Technology	Boise
headquarters location	BIAS (originally known as Berkley Integrated Audio Software) was a privately held corporation based in Petaluma, California.	BIAS	Petaluma
headquarters location	Charvet Place Vendôme, pronounced (ʃaʁvɛ plas vɑ̃dɔm), or simply Charvet, is a French high-end shirt maker and tailor located at 28 Place Vendôme in Paris.	Charvet Place Vendôme	Paris
headquarters location	In 1997, the first Čili Pica restaurant was opened on Konstitucijos Avenue in Vilnius, Lithuania.	Čili	Vilnius
headquarters location	Public Bank Berhad (MYX: 1295) is a bank based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia offering financial services in Malaysia as well as the Asia-Pacific region.	Public Bank Berhad	Kuala Lumpur
headquarters location	ProfitKey International, Inc. is a privately held U.S. software company based in Salem, New Hampshire.	ProfitKey International	Salem, New Hampshire
headquarters location	Hy-Line Cruises (colloquially referred to as Hy-Line, and legally Hyannis Harbor Tours Inc.) is a family owned and operated Massachusetts ferry and cruise company.	Hy-Line Cruises	Hyannis
headquarters location	CRC-Evans has corporate headquarters in Houston, Texas.	CRC-Evans	Houston
headquarters location	The Dominion Line was a trans-atlantic passenger line founded in 1870 as the Liverpool & Mississippi Steamship Co., with the official name being changed in 1872 to the Mississippi & Dominion Steamship Co Ltd. The firm was amalgamated in 1902 into the International Mercantile Marine Co..	Dominion Line	Liverpool
headquarters location	The National Bank of Greece (NBG; Greek: Εθνική Τράπεζα της Ελλάδος) is a global banking and financial services company with its headquarters in Athens, Greece.	National Bank of Greece	Athens
headquarters location	On February 20, 1950, Himalayan Aviation ran the first ever international flight from Nepal, from Gauchar (Nepal) to Calcutta (now Kolkata)(India).	Himalayan Aviation	Kolkata
headquarters location	First American National Bank was a subsidiary of First American National Corporation, a financial institution based in Nashville, Tennessee that served the states of Tennessee, Kentucky, Georgia and Virginia.	First American National Bank	Nashville
headquarters location	Association Najdeh (AN) (جمعية النجدة الاجتماعية in Arabic, Arabic najdeh=``relief'' or ``aid'') is an NGO involved with development and educational projects in Palestinian refugee camps in Lebanon.	Association Najdeh	Lebanon
headquarters location	Saddle Creek Records is an American record label based in Omaha, Nebraska.	Saddle Creek Records	Omaha
headquarters location	Busboys and Poets is a restaurant, bookstore, lounge, and theater in Washington, D.C., founded in 2005 by Andy Shallal.	Busboys and Poets	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	George Adlam & Sons Ltd (formerly known as George Adlam) was an iron and brass foundry and engineering company in Fishponds, Bristol, England.	George Adlam & Sons	Bristol
headquarters location	The Green Door Tavern is reputedly Chicago's oldest surviving drinking establishment.	Green Door Tavern	Chicago
headquarters location	The Development Bank of the Philippines (DBP; Filipino: Bangko sa Pagpapaunlád ng Pilipinas; Spanish: Banco de Agricola y Hacienda de Filipinas, Banco de Desarollo de Filipinas) is a state-owned development bank headquartered in Makati, the Philippines.	Development Bank of the Philippines	Makati
headquarters location	The Ghabbour Group is an Egyptian manufacturer of automobiles, buses, trucks and motorcycles located in Cairo.	Ghabbour Group	Cairo
headquarters location	Banque d'Hochelaga was a Canadian bank based in Montreal, Quebec.	Banque d'Hochelaga	Montreal
headquarters location	The Institute for New Economic Thinking (INET) is a New York City-based nonprofit think tank.	Institute for New Economic Thinking	New York City
headquarters location	Aqris was an Estonian software development company located in Tallinn, founded in 1999 by Oliver Wihler and Sander Mägi.	Aqris	Tallinn
headquarters location	Diagnostic Health Corporation, based in Birmingham, Alabama, is one of the nation's largest independent diagnostic imaging companies.	Diagnostic Health Corporation	Birmingham
headquarters location	Applied Science International, LLC, aka ASI is a United States based company headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina, that provides advanced engineering design and analysis software and services to the DHS, United States Department of Defense, Engineering Firms, Demolition Contractors, and Universities.	Applied Science International	Raleigh
headquarters location	Niche Retail is an eCommerce company based in Sylvan Lake, Michigan.	Niche Retail	Sylvan Lake
headquarters location	The NRJ Group (NRJ is an acronym read as énergie in French, pronounced (enɛʁʒi)) (Euronext: NRG) is a French multimedia group based in Paris.	NRJ Group	Paris
headquarters location	Rancocas Farm was an American thoroughbred horse racing stud farm and racing stable located on Monmouth Road (County Road 537) in the Jobstown, section of Springfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey.	Rancocas Farm	Jobstown
headquarters location	University of Agronomic Sciences and Veterinary Medicine (Romanian: Universitatea de Ştiinţe Agronomice şi Medicină Veterinară) in Bucharest, Romania, is a university which specializes in agriculture and veterinary medicine.	University of Agronomic Sciences and Veterinary Medicine	Bucharest
headquarters location	Flippa is a marketplace for buying and selling websites, domain names and iOS apps, based in Melbourne, Australia and San Francisco.	Flippa	Melbourne
headquarters location	Santé Diabète (SD) (Health Diabetes) is a French Non-governmental organization (NGOs) whose headquarters is based in Grenoble (France) which is working on strengthening health systems to improve the prevention and management of diabetes in Africa.	Santé Diabète	Grenoble
headquarters location	Agriprocessors was the corporate identity of a slaughterhouse and meat-packaging factory based in Postville, Iowa, best known as a facility for the glatt kosher processing of cattle, as well as chicken, turkey, duck, and lamb.	Agriprocessors	Postville
headquarters location	2003 also saw the opening of the Gaydon factory, the first purpose-built factory in Aston Martin's history.	Aston Martin	Gaydon
headquarters location	The Trinity Centre for Asian Studies (TCAS) is located in Dublin at Trinity College.	Trinity Centre for Asian Studies	Trinity College
headquarters location	Radio Netherlands Worldwide (RNW; Dutch: Radio Nederland Wereldomroep) was a public radio and television network based in Hilversum, producing and transmitting programmes for international audiences outside the Netherlands.	Radio Netherlands Worldwide	Hilversum
headquarters location	Lufa Farms is an agricultural and technology company located in the Ahuntsic-Cartierville neighborhood of Montreal, Quebec.	Lufa Farms	Montreal
headquarters location	Sibir Energy is a London-based Russian public limited company, whose primary line of business is petroleum and natural gas exploration in Siberia.	Sibir Energy	London
headquarters location	Far East Orchard Limited (FEO), formerly known as Orchard Parade Holdings Limited is a listed subsidiary of Far East Organization in Singapore.	Far East Orchard	Singapore
headquarters location	The Link-Belt Construction Equipment Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sumitomo Heavy Industries based in Lexington, Kentucky, which manufactures telescopic and lattice boom cranes.	Link-Belt Construction Equipment	Lexington
headquarters location	The Lion Store is a defunct retailer and department store chain in the city of Toledo, Ohio.	Lion Store	Toledo
headquarters location	HWA Team is the motor racing team of HWA AG, a German company, based in Affalterbach, that also develops and builds vehicles and components for Mercedes-AMG.	HWA Team	Affalterbach
headquarters location	Vons is a Southern California and Southern Nevada supermarket chain and a division of Safeway, Inc. It is headquartered in Arcadia, California, and operates stores under the Vons and Pavilions banners.	Vons	Arcadia
headquarters location	The Kresge Foundation is a U.S. philanthropic private foundation headquartered in Troy, Michigan.	The Kresge Foundation	Troy
headquarters location	Banco Privado Português (BPP) was a private Portuguese bank, based in Lisbon.	Banco Privado Português	Lisbon
headquarters location	The Society Management is a talent agency based in New York City, New York, and is the official U.S. division of the Elite World network.	The Society Management	New York City
headquarters location	ETX Capital is the trading name of Monecor (London) Limited.	ETX Capital	London
headquarters location	The University of Kentucky (UK) is a public co-educational university in Lexington, Kentucky.	University of Kentucky	Lexington
headquarters location	Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market was a chain of grocery stores in the western United States, headquartered in El Segundo, California.	Fresh & Easy	El Segundo
headquarters location	UMB Financial Corporation is an American financial services company based in Kansas City, Missouri, offering complete banking, payment solutions, asset servicing and institutional investment management to customers.	UMB Financial Corporation	Kansas City
headquarters location	Mawarid Finance is a private joint stock company in Dubai, UAE providing Shari'a-compliant financial services.	Mawarid Finance	Dubai
headquarters location	The current Miss Grand International is Anea Garcia of Dominican Republic who was crowned on 25 October 2015 in Bangkok, Thailand.	Miss Grand International	Bangkok
headquarters location	Picaboo is a web-based image publishing and printing service based in Redwood City, California.	Picaboo	Redwood City
headquarters location	Shutl is a London-based technology start-up offering a rapid fulfillment service by connecting online retailers with local same-day couriers.	Shutl	London
headquarters location	Yancey's Fancy is a producer of artisan cheeses based in Corfu, New York, USA.	Yancey's Fancy	Corfu, New York
headquarters location	P&L Transportation, Inc., formerly Four Rivers Transportation, Inc., based in Wilmington, Delaware, is a railroad holding company in the United States.	P&L Transportation	Wilmington
headquarters location	Talkspace is an online and mobile therapy company based in New York City.	Talkspace	New York City
headquarters location	Clerys was a long-established department store on O'Connell Street in Dublin, Ireland, a focal point of the street.	Clerys	Dublin
headquarters location	Sana Commerce is a B2B e-commerce software company headquartered at the Van Nelle Factory, located in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Sana Commerce	Netherlands
headquarters location	Desire Petroleum plc (LSE:DES) is an oil and gas exploration company headquartered in Malvern, England.	Desire Petroleum	Malvern
headquarters location	Radical Studios is an American multimedia studio with offices in Los Angeles.	Radical Studios	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The company Wilson-Pilcher was founded in 1901 by Walter Gordon Wilson in London to produce automobiles.	Wilson-Pilcher	London
headquarters location	MathStar opened an office in Oregon in May 2005 and announced in December that year they would move company headquarters to Hillsboro, Oregon, to have better access to microprocessor talent in the area's Silicon Forest.	MathStar	Hillsboro
headquarters location	Based in Padborg, Southern Jutland, TraXion was formed in late March 2001 by former PBS manager Erik Panduro.	TraXion	Padborg
headquarters location	Siluria Technologies, Inc. is a San Francisco-based company, founded in 2008, which has developed methods for converting natural gas into products such as ethylene, gasoline and diesel fuel using chemical catalysts instead of heat and pressure.	Siluria Technologies	San Francisco
headquarters location	Seebeckwerft A.G. was a German shipbuilding company, located in Bremerhaven at the mouth of the river Weser.	Seebeckwerft	Bremerhaven
headquarters location	TerraNet AB was founded in 2004 by the inventor of the technology, Anders Carlius, a serial entrepreneur from Lund, Skåne County.	TerraNet AB	Lund
headquarters location	Grado Labs is an audio manufacturer known for hand building high-end dynamic open-air headphones and cartridges in Brooklyn, New York.	Grado Labs	Brooklyn
headquarters location	FontShop was founded in Berlin in 1989 by Erik Spiekermann and Joan Spiekermann, who were then husband and wife, and Neville Brody.	FontShop	Berlin
headquarters location	Savers, Inc. headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, is a privately held for-profit thrift store chain offering second hand shopping.	Savers	Bellevue
headquarters location	The Meow Mix Company operates from a 200,000-square-foot (19,000 m2) facility in Decatur, Alabama and produces Alley Cat brand cat food products.	Meow Mix	Decatur
headquarters location	Bamforth & Co Ltd is a publishing, film and illustration company based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	Bamforth & Co Ltd	Leeds
headquarters location	Peanut Corporation of America (PCA) was a peanut-processing business with headquarters in Lynchburg, Virginia, plants in other southern states, and distribution across the United States, now defunct as a result of one of the most massive and lethal food-borne contamination events in U.S. history.	Peanut Corporation of America	Lynchburg
headquarters location	Kiewit Corporation is an employee-owned Fortune 500 contractor based in Omaha, Nebraska.	Kiewit Corporation	Omaha
headquarters location	FRELIMO was founded in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania on 25 June 1962, when three regionally based nationalist organizations: the Mozambican African National Union (MANU), National Democratic Union of Mozambique (UDENAMO), and the National African Union of Independent Mozambique (UNAMI,) merged into one broad-based guerrilla movement.	FRELIMO	Dar es Salaam
headquarters location	WakeUpNow was a multi-level marketing organization based in Provo, Utah, that sold products and services focused on health and financial management.	WakeUpNow	Provo
headquarters location	The Gruppo Torinese Trasporti (GTT) is a public benefit corporation responsible for public transportation in the provinces of Turin, Alessandria, Cuneo and Asti.	Gruppo Torinese Trasporti	Turin
headquarters location	Arrow Scout Group is a school-based all boys scout unit in Victoria School, Singapore.	Arrow Scout Group	Singapore
headquarters location	VAPCO Manufacturing CO. Ltd. is a company based in Amman, Jordan, that produces veterinary and agrochemical products.	VAPCO	Amman
headquarters location	Oddball Film+Video is a stock footage company based in San Francisco, California.	Oddball Film+Video	San Francisco
headquarters location	Wellington Jewels was a Washington, D.C.-based jewellery store and direct mail chain, operating from the 1960s through the 1990s.	Wellington Jewels	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Waneko is a Polish manga publisher, located in Warsaw, Poland.	Waneko	Warsaw
headquarters location	Liberty Games is a UK-based retailer, distributor and designer of games room equipment located in Epsom, England.	Liberty Games	Epsom
headquarters location	Coin Street Community Builders (CSCB) is a development trust and social enterprise which seeks to make London's South Bank a better place in which to live, to work, to visit and to study.	Coin Street Community Builders	London
headquarters location	Reina Mundial del Banano (World Queen of Bananas) is a beauty pageant held in Machala, Ecuador since 1985, and is restricted to banana producing countries.	Reina Mundial del Banano	Machala
headquarters location	CI Financial Corp. is a diversified wealth management firm headquartered in Toronto, Ontario and is one of Canada's largest investment fund companies.	CI Financial	Toronto
headquarters location	Whereonearth was a company based in the United Kingdom and was acquired by Yahoo! Oct 18, 2005.	Whereonearth	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Airgo Networks (formerly Woodside Networks), is a Palo Alto, California-based company specializing in the development of multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) wireless technology.	Airgo Networks	Palo Alto
headquarters location	Rockchip (Fuzhou Rockchip Electronics Co., Ltd.) is a Chinese fabless semiconductor company based in Fuzhou, Fujian province.	Rockchip	Fuzhou
headquarters location	McTay Marine is a shipbuilder in Bromborough, Merseyside.	McTay Marine	Bromborough
headquarters location	Reinet Investments S.C.A. is a Luxembourg-based investment vehicle that was demerged from the Swiss luxury goods company Richemont on 20 October 2008.	Reinet Investments	Luxembourg
headquarters location	Teweles immigrated from Bohemia and opened a general store in Kellnersville, a produce business in Sheboygan, a seed company in Milwaukee and finally, the L. Teweles Seed Co. The business grew quickly and became a powerhouse in seed production in the midwest.	L. Teweles Seed Co.	Milwaukee
headquarters location	Sørfly A/S was a general aviation airline based in Kristiansand, Norway.	Sørfly	Kristiansand
headquarters location	The Tennessee Equality Project was founded on June 15, 2004, in Nashville, Tennessee.	Tennessee Equality Project	Nashville
headquarters location	Lit Motors Inc. is a San Francisco-based company that designs two-wheeled vehicles, including a fully electric, gyroscopically stabilized vehicle.	Lit Motors	San Francisco
headquarters location	Austrian Lloyd Ship Management is a shipping company based in Limassol, Cyprus with shipping emphasis on bulk carriers, car carriers, container ships and reefers.	Austrian Lloyd Ship Management	Limassol
headquarters location	The Dayun Group is a Chinese conglomerate based in Yuncheng, Shanxi, China.	Dayun Group	Yuncheng
headquarters location	Naftna Industrija Srbije (abbr. NIS; English: Petroleum Industry of Serbia) is a Serbian multinational oil and gas company with headquarters in Novi Sad, Serbia.	Naftna Industrija Srbije	Novi Sad
headquarters location	The Majestic Star Casino, LLC is a gaming holding company founded in Gary, Indiana by Don H. Barden and currently based in Las Vegas, Nevada.	The Majestic Star Casino, LLC	Las Vegas
headquarters location	Dynamo Games Ltd is an independent video game developer and publisher based in Dundee, Scotland.	Dynamo Games	Dundee
headquarters location	The Jacob Wirth Restaurant is a historic German-American restaurant and bar in Boston, Massachusetts at 31-39 Stuart Street.	Jacob Wirth Restaurant	Boston
headquarters location	Semitool was a semiconductor manufacturing/capital equipment company based in Kalispell, MT.	Semitool	Kalispell
headquarters location	Novotny Mähner Assoziierte (N+M, Novotny Mähner & Associates) is an architect company based in Offenbach am Main.	Novotny Mähner Assoziierte	Offenbach am Main
headquarters location	Competitor Group, Inc. (CGI) is a privately held, for-profit, sports marketing and management company based in Mira Mesa, San Diego, California.	Competitor Group, Inc.	Mira Mesa, San Diego
headquarters location	Virgin Holidays Limited is a company within Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Group, headquartered in ``The Galleria'' in Crawley, West Sussex.	Virgin Holidays	Crawley
headquarters location	Citizens Bank of Northern California, locally known as Citizens Bank, was a community bank headquartered in Nevada City, California.	Citizens Bank of Northern California	Nevada City
headquarters location	The City of Derry Building Society was a UK building society based in Derry, County Londonderry, Northern Ireland known until 2001 as the Londonderry Provident Building Society.	City of Derry Building Society	Londonderry
headquarters location	The Open University of Catalonia (Catalan: Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, UOC; IPA: (uniβərsiˈtat uˈβɛrtə ðə kətəˈɫuɲə)) is an Internet-centered open university based in Barcelona, Spain.	Open University of Catalonia	Barcelona
headquarters location	Universal Abit (formerly ABIT Computer Corporation) was a computer components manufacturer, based in Taiwan, active since the 1980s.	Universal Abit	Taiwan
headquarters location	OJSC Byelorussian Steel Works (Russian: ОАО Белорусский металлургический завод, ``БМЗ'') is a Belarusian company operating in the steel industry, centred in Zhlobin.	Byelorussian Steel Works	Zhlobin
headquarters location	OCP (formerly known as Oregon Catholic Press) is an American liturgical publisher based in Portland, Oregon.	Oregon Catholic Press	Portland
headquarters location	Headquartered in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada, Neil Squire Society now has offices in Moncton, Fredericton, Ottawa, and Regina.	Neil Squire Society	Fredericton
headquarters location	Limmer Holdings was a major contracting business based in London.	Limmer Holdings	London
headquarters location	Seagull Books is a publishing venture begun in Kolkata in 1982 by Naveen Kishore, a theater practitioner.	Seagull Books	Kolkata
headquarters location	VEGAS.com, LLC is a destination-specific Online Travel Agency (OTA) founded in 1998 and headquartered in Henderson, Nevada.	VEGAS.com	Henderson
headquarters location	Alterra Power Corp. is a diversified renewable power generation company based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Alterra Power	Vancouver
headquarters location	Iroquois Motor Car Company (1903--1907) was a manufacturer of automobiles in Syracuse, New York, and later, Seneca Falls, New York.	Iroquois Motor Car Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Kukkiwon is based at 635 Yeoksam-dong (역삼동) in the Gangnam-gu (강남구) district of Seoul, South Korea.	Kukkiwon	Seoul
headquarters location	Based in Budapest, Hungary, Webicina curates the medical resources of social media either for medical professionals and e-patients.	Webicina	Budapest
headquarters location	Domstein is a Norwegian fishing company based in Måløy.	Domstein	Måløy
headquarters location	Chettinad Group is an Indian business conglomerate headquartered in Chennai.	Chettinad Group	Chennai
headquarters location	Funbag Animation Studios (also known as Funbag Studios or Funbag) was a Canadian animation studio located in Ottawa, Ontario.	Funbag Animation Studios	Ottawa
headquarters location	The Fred Krug Brewery was located at 2435 Deer Park Boulevard in Omaha, Nebraska.	Krug Brewery	Omaha
headquarters location	Realtek Semiconductor Corp. (Chinese: 瑞昱半導體股份有限公司; pinyin: Ruìyù Bàndǎotǐ Gǔfèn Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī), is a fabless semiconductor company situated in the Hsinchu Science Park, Hsinchu, Taiwan.	Realtek	Hsinchu
headquarters location	Royal Studios is a recording studio located in Memphis, Tennessee, United States.	Royal Studios	Memphis
headquarters location	ErgoGroup was a Nordic information technology corporation, systems integrator and consulting company headquartered in Oslo, Norway.	ErgoGroup	Oslo
headquarters location	Hivos' headquarters is in The Hague.	Hivos	The Hague
headquarters location	In 2003, George Logothetis founded the Libra Group, based in New York and London, in order to diversify and expand the shipping company into new business areas.	Libra Group	New York
headquarters location	Sonic Focus Inc is a software development company located in South Lake Tahoe, California.	Sonic Focus	South Lake Tahoe
headquarters location	Moo & Oink was a South Side Chicago, Illinois-based grocery store chain and wholesaler that catered to the inner-city community and south suburbs.	Moo & Oink	Chicago
headquarters location	NRG Media is a media company headquartered in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	NRG Media	Cedar Rapids
headquarters location	Atlanta-based Traklogg was founded in 2008 by Bryan Green to develop a system that could easily track and report on the vehicle mileage of anyone who uses his or her vehicle to make a living.	Traklogg	Atlanta
headquarters location	Hill Holliday is a full-service marketing and communications agency based in Boston, Massachusetts with offices in New York City and Greenville, South Carolina.	Hill Holliday	Boston
headquarters location	Headquartered in San Mateo, CA SnapLogic was founded in 2006.	SnapLogic	San Mateo
headquarters location	Slalom Consulting is an American business and technology consulting firm headquartered in Seattle.	Slalom Consulting	Seattle
headquarters location	Equinox Realty is a prominent real estate developer based out of Mumbai in India.	Equinox Realty	Mumbai
headquarters location	InterContinental Hotels Group PLC informally InterContinental Hotels or IHG is a British multinational hotels company headquartered in Denham, UK.	InterContinental Hotels Group	Denham
headquarters location	3i Infrastructure plc is an investment business headquartered in Jersey.	3i Infrastructure	Jersey
headquarters location	MMMC Architects is an architectural firm based in Brantford, Ontario, Canada and Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	MMMC Architects	Brantford
headquarters location	Ademco Security Group is a Singapore-based security services company that sells monitoring services, manpower security services, unified security management, and enterprise security software.	Ademco Security Group	Singapore
headquarters location	The Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd. (Comac) is a Chinese state-owned aerospace manufacturer established on 11 May 2008 in Shanghai, China.	Comac	Shanghai
headquarters location	Diabetology Ltd is a biopharmaceutical company registered in Saint Helier, Jersey.	Diabetology Ltd	Saint Helier
headquarters location	Waagner-Biro is a Vienna, Austria-based corporation which owns companies in steel and mechanical engineering.	Waagner-Biro	Vienna
headquarters location	Moody National Bank (MNB) is a nationally chartered bank, founded in 1907, that is based in Galveston, Texas.	Moody National Bank	Galveston
headquarters location	Bahrain Freedom Movement (Arabic: حركة أحرار البحرين الإسلامية) is a London-based Bahraini opposition group which has its headquarters in a north London mosque.	Bahrain Freedom Movement	London
headquarters location	Sherwood Pictures is an American independent Christian film production company in Albany, Georgia, United States.	Sherwood Pictures	Albany
headquarters location	Technoflex International (commonly named Technoflex) is a Canadian company headquartered in Bois-des-Filion, Canada that designs, develops and distributes products made from 100% recycled post-consumer materials.	Technoflex	Bois-des-Filion
headquarters location	Founded by Peter Schultheiss in 1989, Geotek was incorporated in 1994 when Quentin Huggett joined as a company director and the business moved from Haslemere, Surrey to its current location in Daventry, Northamptonshire where John Roberts joined as Technical Director.	Geotek	Daventry
headquarters location	Gremlin Interactive (originally Gremlin Graphics) was a British software house based in Sheffield and working mostly in the home computer market.	Gremlin Interactive	Sheffield
headquarters location	Petropavlovsk plc (LSE: POG) (formerly Peter Hambro Mining plc) is a London-based gold mining company with operations in Russia.	Petropavlovsk plc	London
headquarters location	Shannonside Northern Sound, also known as ``Shannonside FM'' is a dual radio franchise which operates across counties Cavan, Monaghan (Northern Sound Radio), Leitrim, Longford and Roscommon (Shannonside FM) in Ireland.	Shannonside Northern Sound	Longford
headquarters location	DoorDash launched in the South Bay of San Francisco in 2013 and has expanded to Los Angeles, Boston, Chicago, and most of the San Francisco Bay Area in addition to several other markets.	DoorDash	San Francisco
headquarters location	Rocket Internet SE is a German internet company headquartered in Berlin.	Rocket Internet	Berlin
headquarters location	Bubble Gum Interactive is an independent game and entertainment development studio headquartered in Sydney, Australia.	Bubble Gum Interactive	Sydney
headquarters location	Decipher, Inc. is an American gaming company based in Norfolk, Virginia, US.	Decipher, Inc.	Norfolk
headquarters location	Keyence Corporation of America, based in Elmwood Park, New Jersey, is the United States subsidiary of Keyence Corporation, headquartered in Osaka, Japan.	Keyence Corporation of America	Elmwood Park, New Jersey
headquarters location	DP Architects Pte Ltd is one of the largest architectural practices in Singapore.	DP Architects	Singapore
headquarters location	SkyBox Labs is an independent video game developer located in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	SkyBox Labs	Burnaby
headquarters location	On 31 May 1999 the name was changed to Vlaamse Media Maatschappij (VMMa) (English: Flemish Media Company), and in February 2014 the name was again changed to Medialaan (meaning 'media lane'), reflecting the street in Vilvoorde on which it is located.	Medialaan	Vilvoorde
headquarters location	Polar Beverages is a soft drink company based in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Polar Beverages	Worcester
headquarters location	TeRespondo is an advertising network company based in Brazil; it was acquired by Yahoo! in 2005 .	TeRespondo	Brazil
headquarters location	The SFS Group AG is a company specialised in mechanical fastening systems and precision formed components, headquartered in Heerbrugg, Switzerland.	SFS Group	Heerbrugg
headquarters location	Culture24 is based in Brighton, southern England, and has ten employees.	Culture24	Brighton
headquarters location	Numi Organic Tea is a privately owned triple bottom line social enterprise based in Oakland, California.	Numi Organic Tea	Oakland
headquarters location	Konecranes Plc (KCI Konecranes prior to 16 March 2007) is a Finnish company, headquartered in Hyvinkää, which specialises in the manufacture and service of cranes and lifting equipment as well as the service of machine tools.	Konecranes	Hyvinkää
headquarters location	Basin Bridge Gas Turbine Power Station is a state-owned gas fuel-based power plant located in Basin Bridge, Chennai.	Basin Bridge Gas Turbine Power Station	Chennai
headquarters location	Tomkins plc is a multinational engineering company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Tomkins plc	London
headquarters location	Carpark Records is an American independent record label based in Washington, D.C. (previously based in New York City).	Carpark Records	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The UNIAN or Ukrainian Independent Information Agency (Ukrainian: Українське Незалежне Інформаційне Агентство, УНІАН; Ukrayins'ke Nezalezhne Informatsiyne Ahentstvo) is a Kiev-based Ukrainian news agency.	Ukrainian Independent Information Agency	Kiev
headquarters location	Isha Life is a fitness brand which currently operates one wellness centre, Isha Life Wellness Centre, at Mylapore, Chennai.	Isha Life	Chennai
headquarters location	The Global Electronic Trading Company (GETCO), or Getco LLC, was an American proprietary algorithmic trading and electronic market making firm based in Chicago, Illinois.	Global Electronic Trading Company	Chicago
headquarters location	GameCrazy was a video game retailer based in Wilsonville, Oregon.	GameCrazy	Wilsonville
headquarters location	Sogebank currently has 42 branches located throughout the country in the major cities as well as several solely in Port-au-Prince.	Sogebank	Port-au-Prince
headquarters location	The Global Press Institute, formerly the Press Institute for Women in the Developing World, is a San Francisco-based, 501(c)(3) nonprofit with international operations in 26 countries.	Global Press Institute	San Francisco
headquarters location	French Paper Company is an American paper mill based in Niles, Michigan.	French Paper Company	Niles, Michigan
headquarters location	Decarcerate PA is a grassroots, all-volunteer coalition seeking to challenge mass incarceration in Pennsylvania.	Decarcerate PA	Pennsylvania
headquarters location	The American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC), headquartered in Chicago, is a not-for-profit technical institute and trade association established in 1921 to serve the structural steel design community and construction industry in the United States.	American Institute of Steel Construction	Chicago
headquarters location	VIA3 Corporation was founded in 1999 and has offices located in San Jose, CA, Scottsdale, AZ and Redmond, WA.	VIA3	San Jose
headquarters location	STANLIB is an asset manager based in Johannesburg with a footprint in 7 African countries.	STANLIB	Johannesburg
headquarters location	Speakeasy Ales and Lagers is a brewery in the Hunter's Point neighborhood of San Francisco, California, USA.	Speakeasy Ales and Lagers	San Francisco
headquarters location	Tom Tailor is a German vertically integrated lifestyle clothing company headquartered in Hamburg.	Tom Tailor	Hamburg
headquarters location	KCC Corporation (renamed from Kumkang Korea Chemicals Co., Ltd. on February 25, 2005) is a Korean chemical and auto parts manufacturer, headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.	KCC Corporation	Seoul
headquarters location	Retro Studios, Inc. is an American first-party video game developer and division of Nintendo based in Austin, Texas.	Retro Studios	Austin
headquarters location	Sofitel is a French hotel chain under AccorHotels, which opened its first property in Strasbourg in 1964.	Sofitel	Strasbourg
headquarters location	Idyll Farms is a pasture-based goat farm and creamery in Northport, Michigan that produces award-winning artisanal farmstead chèvre.	Idyll Farms	Northport, Michigan
headquarters location	Universal Robotics, Inc. is a software engineering and robotics company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.	Universal Robotics	Nashville
headquarters location	The history of the Schleuniger Group as it is known today started in 1991 when Dr. Gerhard Jansen (Chairman BOD until 2009) and Martin Strehl (CEO until 2009) acquired Sutter Electronic AG located in Thun, Switzerland.	Schleuniger	Thun
headquarters location	The company is Headquartered in Melbourne with offices in Sydney, Brisbane, Adelaide and Perth, Vicinity Centres (VCX) employs over 500 people in Australia.	Vicinity Centres	Melbourne
headquarters location	Norse Merchant Ferries operated the following routes across the Irish Sea Liverpool (Canada Dock) - Dublin Liverpool (Brocklebank Dock) - Belfast Heysham - Dublin (Freight only) Heysham - Belfast (Freight only) Note:	Norse Merchant Ferries	Liverpool
headquarters location	Sampson R. Urbino (1818-1896) or S.R. Urbino was a German-born bookseller, publisher and library proprietor in 19th-century Boston, Massachusetts, specializing in foreign-language books.	Sampson R. Urbino	Boston
headquarters location	Priam Corporation was a company located in San Jose, California, founded in 1978 as a manufacturer of hard disk drives.	Priam Corporation	San Jose
headquarters location	YPlan is a mobile-first event discovery and booking service, which was co-founded by Viktoras Jucikas and Rytis Vitkauskas in London, United Kingdom in 2012.	YPlan	London
headquarters location	Locke-Ober (ca.1875-2012), located at 3-4 Winter Place, was the third-oldest restaurant in Boston, Massachusetts, after the Union Oyster House (1826) and Durgin-Park (1827).	Locke-Ober	Boston
headquarters location	Aerosport Inc was a company founded by Harold Woods in Holly Springs, North Carolina in 1971 to market aircraft and plans for homebuilding.	Aerosport Inc	Holly Springs, North Carolina
headquarters location	MK12 was established in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1999 by art school students Jed Carter, Timmy Fisher, Matt Fraction, and Ben Radatz, and later joined by Shaun Hamontree and computer guru Chad Perry.	MK12	Kansas City
headquarters location	G. R. Thanga Maligai, popularly known as GRTJewellers, is a jewellery firm based in the city of Chennai, India.	G. R. Thanga Maligai	Chennai
headquarters location	The United States Navy Band, based at the historic Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C., has served the nation as the official musical organization of the United States Navy since 1925.	United States Navy Band	Washington Navy Yard
headquarters location	The Royal Institute of Public Administration (RIPA) was a British professional public service institution and civil service training organisation that operated in the United Kingdom and overseas from its founding in 1922 to its closure in 1992.	Royal Institute of Public Administration	United Kingdom
headquarters location	J&L Supply Co. is headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, and employs more than 41 people.	J&L Supply Co.	Calgary
headquarters location	The Emerson Electric Company (NYSE: EMR) is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson, Missouri, United States.	Emerson Electric	Ferguson
headquarters location	Milkyway Image (Hong Kong) Ltd. (Chinese: 銀河映像(香港) 有限公司) is a production company based in Hong Kong.	Milkyway Image	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Chef Distilled is an American rum distillery founded in 2013 by Paul Menta in Key West, Florida in the former Coca-Cola bottling plant on 105 Simonton St. The rum is distilled on site in two custom-made copper pot stills made by Vendome Copper and Brass Works in Louisville, Kentucky.	Chef Distilled	Key West
headquarters location	Sprite Animation Studios is a Los Angeles, CA-based CGI animation studio founded in 2002 by former members of Square USA led by Moto Sakakibara, co-director of Square Pictures and Columbia Pictures'' feature film Final Fantasy:	Sprite Animation Studios	Los Angeles
headquarters location	DVB Bank SE is part of the DZ BANK Group and a specialist in international transportation finance, based in Frankfurt/Main, Germany.	DVB Bank	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Yutong (officially Zhengzhou Yutong Group Co., Ltd.) is a conglomerate based in Zhengzhou, Henan province, China focused on bus manufacturing as the core business, construction machinery and real estate as the strategic business and at the same time giving attention to other investment portfolios.	Yutong	Zhengzhou
headquarters location	Loehle Aircraft Corporation (pronounced ``Low-lee'') is an aircraft manufacturer located in Wartrace, Tennessee, that produces aircraft kits and a complete line of paints for all types of aircraft, including metal, composite and fabric covered.	Loehle Aircraft	Wartrace, Tennessee
headquarters location	Belair National Bank was formed on April 3, 1964 as a national bank in Bowie, Maryland, United States.	Belair National Bank	Bowie
headquarters location	Athlon Sports Communications, Inc., also known as Athlon Sports or simply Athlon, is a publisher founded in 1967 that is based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Athlon Sports Communications	Nashville
headquarters location	T. Rowe Price is an American publicly owned investment firm, headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.	T. Rowe Price	Baltimore
headquarters location	Dish México, S. de R. L. de C.V. (In Mexico: Alcanzca) is a Mexican-owned company that operates a subscription satellite television service in México nationwide.	Dish México	Mexico
headquarters location	Standard Federal Bank was a Troy, Michigan-based bank serving Michigan and Northern Indiana in the United States which was acquired by Bank of America on 5 May 2008.	Standard Federal Bank	Troy
headquarters location	Animation Lab is an animation studio based in Jerusalem, Israel and Los Angeles, USA.	Animation Lab	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Enterprise Products Partners L.P. is an American natural gas and crude oil pipeline company with headquarters in Houston, Texas.	Enterprise Products	Houston
headquarters location	Metals-banka (full legal name: Metals-banka a.d. Novi Sad) was a Serbian commercial and investment bank.	Metals-banka	Novi Sad
headquarters location	Tip Top Tailors was a Canadian menswear clothing retailer founded in Toronto in 1909 by Polish-Jewish immigrant David Dunkelman (1883--1978).	Tip Top Tailors	Toronto
headquarters location	Vortex Optics is based in Middleton, Wisconsin and currently produces binoculars, spotting scopes, riflescopes, and related accessories.	Vortex Optics	Middleton
headquarters location	The Meredith Corporation is an American media conglomerate based in Des Moines, Iowa, USA.	Meredith Corporation	Des Moines
headquarters location	Grant Medical Center was established in 1900 in downtown Columbus, Ohio as the second member hospital of OhioHealth, a not-for-profit, faith-based healthcare system.	Grant Medical Center	Columbus
headquarters location	The Max Planck Institute for Meteorology (Max-Planck-Institut für Meteorologie, MPI-M) is a climate research institute located in Hamburg, Germany.	Max Planck Institute for Meteorology	Hamburg
headquarters location	Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. is an American holding company headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois that owns Walgreens, Boots and a number of pharmaceutical manufacturing, wholesale and distribution companies.	Walgreens Boots Alliance	Deerfield
headquarters location	Now Communications Inc (styled NOW Communications) is the parent company of Now Magazine, a news and entertainment weekly alternative newspaper in Toronto, Canada.	Now Communications	Toronto
headquarters location	Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited (HOCL) is Government of India owned company based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited	Mumbai
headquarters location	Today there are over 50 franchised Submarina locations with the headquarters in San Marcos, California.	Submarina	San Marcos
headquarters location	Warner Bros. Records opened for business on 19 March 1958; its original office was located above the film studio's machine shop at 3701 Warner Boulevard in Burbank, California.	Warner Bros. Records	Burbank
headquarters location	Wanda Cinemas (simplified Chinese: 万达院线; traditional Chinese: 萬達院線; pinyin: Wàndá Yuànxiàn) is a cinema operator in China, headquartered in the Wanda Plaza (万达广场) in Chaoyang District, Beijing.	Wanda Cinemas	Beijing
headquarters location	Formula Systems (Hebrew: פורמולה מערכות‎) is a publicly traded holding company headquartered in Or Yehuda, Israel.	Formula Systems	Yehuda
headquarters location	Land of Leather was a furniture retail store based in Northfleet, Kent in the United Kingdom.	Land of Leather	Kent
headquarters location	Distelli is a privately held infrastructure automation company based in Seattle, Washington.	Distelli	Seattle
headquarters location	Baader Bank AG is an investment bank located in Unterschleißheim, Germany.	Baader Bank AG	Unterschleißheim
headquarters location	Joie de Vivre Hospitality is a hotel and restaurant company based in San Francisco, California that is the second largest operator of boutique hotels in the United States.	Joie de Vivre Hospitality	San Francisco
headquarters location	Santa Bárbara Sistemas is a Spanish defense contractor based in Madrid, integrated under the European Land Systems of General Dynamics.	Santa Bárbara Sistemas	Madrid
headquarters location	Danziger Werft (English: The International Shipbuilding and Engineering Company Limited, Polish: Stocznia Gdańska) was a shipbuilding company, in Danzig (now Gdańsk, Poland), in what was then the Free City of Danzig.	Danziger Werft	Free City of Danzig
headquarters location	Trepak International AB, based in Malmö, Sweden, develops, builds, instals and supplies capping and filling machines for liquid products and labelling machines for all types of packages.	Trepak International AB	Sweden
headquarters location	James Hay Partnership is a provider of financial services products in the UK with headquarters in Salisbury.	James Hay Partnership	Salisbury
headquarters location	Sunnybrook Research Institute (SRI) is the research component of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre in Toronto, Ontario.	Sunnybrook Research Institute	Toronto
headquarters location	Roy Morgan Research is an Australian market research company headquartered in Melbourne.	Roy Morgan Research	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Center for China and Globalization (CCG) is an independent, non-profit think tank based in Beijing.	Center for China and Globalization	Beijing
headquarters location	CORE Health Care Services is a privately owned post-acute brain injury rehabilitation facility located in Dripping Springs, Texas.	CORE Health Care	Dripping Springs
headquarters location	UXUA Casa Hotel & Spa is a boutique hotel and Almescar spa located in Trancoso, Bahia, Brazil that was designed and built by Wilbert Das, Creative Director of Italian label Diesel S.p.A. from 1993-2009.	UXUA Casa Hotel & Spa	Trancoso, Bahia
headquarters location	The Gift of Happiness Foundation (GOHF) is a charity under the Royal patronage of His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Thailand that's dedicated to helping poor children in Bangkok and throughout Thailand.	Gift of Happiness Foundation	Bangkok
headquarters location	Ability Plus Software was formed in London, England, shortly after Migent (UK) ceased to trade in 1991.	Ability Plus Software	London
headquarters location	The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) is the public service broadcaster of the United Kingdom, headquartered at Broadcasting House in London.	BBC	Broadcasting House	London
headquarters location	The Sedus Stoll head office is located in Waldshut-Tiengen, at the edge of the Black Forest.	Sedus	Waldshut-Tiengen
headquarters location	Outsource Media Ltd, operating as OMUK, is a London based production company providing voice casting and recording for video games.	Outsource Media	London
headquarters location	Aditi Technologies is an IT company, headquartered in Bellevue, Washington, United States with the largest center in Bangalore, India.	Aditi Technologies	Bangalore
headquarters location	Saatva is a privately held e-commerce company that specializes in luxury mattresses and is based in Westport, Connecticut and Austin, Texas.	Saatva	Austin
headquarters location	Delicious Monster is a software company based in Seattle, Washington, that sells the shareware software program Delicious Library.	Delicious Monster	Seattle
headquarters location	Shaheen Airport Services (SAPS) is the largest ground handling agency in the Foundation of Pakistan, providing facilities to commercial, corporate and private airlines at Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad, Peshawar, Quetta, and Multan.	Shaheen Airport Services	Karachi
headquarters location	Robeks is a smoothie franchise chain headquartered in Los Angeles, California, USA.	Robeks	Los Angeles
headquarters location	3ality Technica, formerly 3ality Digital, is a Burbank, California based company specializing in high-definition, live-action stereoscopic digital 3D.	3ality Technica	Burbank
headquarters location	ExpressJet Airlines, Inc. is an American airline based in College Park, Georgia, USA in Greater Atlanta.	ExpressJet	Atlanta
headquarters location	Huntington Bancshares, Inc. is an American bank holding company headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.	Huntington Bancshares	Columbus
headquarters location	NYAV Post is an American recording studio located in New York City.	NYAV Post	New York City
headquarters location	M5 Industries (M5i) is a special effects company located in San Francisco, California best known as the working lab of the TV series MythBusters.	M5 Industries	San Francisco
headquarters location	See Tickets is the trading name of a British ticketing services company owned by Vivendi SA. See Tickets Head Office is on Upper Parliament Street in Nottingham.	See Tickets	Nottingham
headquarters location	The Thomson-Houston Electric Company was formed in 1883 in the United States when a group of Lynn, Massachusetts investors led by Charles A. Coffin bought out Elihu Thomson and Edwin Houston's American Electric Company from their New Britain, Connecticut investors.	Thomson-Houston Electric Company	Lynn
headquarters location	In the 1950s, the second block of PKN Orlen was formed, Petrochemia Płock, a state firm in charge of the refineries in Płock and grew to become the largest complex of its kind in Poland.	PKN Orlen	Płock
headquarters location	JMB Realty Corporation is an American real estate investment company based in Chicago that at one time was one of the largest property developers in the United States.	JMB Realty	Chicago
headquarters location	Namecheap is an ICANN-accredited domain registrar and web hosting company, based in Los Angeles, California.	Namecheap	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Élan Corporation plc was a major drugs firm based in Dublin, Ireland, which had major interests in the United States.	Élan	Dublin
headquarters location	Impact Direct Ministries (IDM), established in 2001, is a non-profit community-based organisation operating in South Africa with the main operational base in Cape Town, Western Cape.	Impact Direct Ministries	Cape Town
headquarters location	Bloom.fm was a London-based mobile-focused music service which combined free streaming genre and artist based radios, music discovery tools, a local library player and a catalogue of over 22 million tracks.	Bloom.fm	London
headquarters location	The Tera Computer Company was a manufacturer of high-performance computing software and hardware, founded in 1987 in Washington, D.C. and moved 1988 to Seattle, Washington by James Rottsolk and Burton Smith.	Tera Computer Company	Seattle
headquarters location	The Flughafen München GmbH (FMG) based out of Munich is the operator of Munich Airport.	Flughafen München GmbH	Munich
headquarters location	Ralston Purina Company was a St. Louis, Missouri-based American animal feed and pet food company.	Ralston Purina	St. Louis
headquarters location	SciGenom Labs is a genomics company with facilities in India (Cochin, Chennai, Hyderabad) and USA (San Francisco).	SciGenom Labs	Chennai
headquarters location	Abrazo Arrowhead Campus is an acute care hospital located in Glendale, Arizona, United States.	Abrazo Arrowhead Campus	Glendale
headquarters location	Liaoning Television, LRTV or Liaoning Radio and Television is located in Shenyang, Liaoning province, China.	Liaoning Television	Shenyang
headquarters location	Backflip Studios is a mobile game developer and publisher based in Boulder, Colorado, United States.	Backflip Studios	Boulder
headquarters location	AppNeta is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, with the Research and Development team based in Vancouver, British Columbia.	AppNeta	Boston
headquarters location	Hapimag was founded in 1963 by Dr. Guido M. Renggli and Alexander Nette as a joint-stock company with headquarters in Baar, Canton of Zug, Switzerland.	Hapimag	Baar
headquarters location	Titleist (pronounced /ˈtaɪtəlᵻst/ ``title-ist'') is an American brand name golf equipment and apparel products produced by the Acushnet subsidiary, which is headquartered in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, United States.	Titleist	Fairhaven
headquarters location	Squirrel Systems is a Burnaby-based point of sale vendor specializing in hospitality management systems.	Squirrel Systems	Burnaby
headquarters location	Neste Corporation (Finnish: Neste Oyj, until 1 July 2015 Neste Oil) is an oil refining and marketing company located in Espoo, Finland.	Neste	Espoo
headquarters location	All BMW Motorrad's motorcycle production takes place at its plant in Berlin, Germany, although some engines are manufactured in Austria, China, and Taiwan.	BMW Motorrad	Berlin
headquarters location	Founded in 1947 by O. P. and W.T. Crowder, Crowder Construction Company is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.	Crowder Construction Company	Charlotte
headquarters location	R.J. Corman Railroad Group, LLC is a privately held railroad holding company with its corporate headquarters located in Nicholasville, KY.	R.J. Corman Railroad Group	Nicholasville
headquarters location	Lloyd Cars Ltd was a British motor manufacturer, founded by Roland Lloyd (1904--65), son of a garage owner, and based in Patrick Street, Grimsby, Lincolnshire, England between 1936 and 1951.	Lloyd Cars Ltd	Grimsby
headquarters location	PlateSpin is a subsidiary of Novell headquartered in Toronto, Canada, which produces tools to help manage virtualization on VMware, Microsoft Hyper-V or Citrix XenServer.	PlateSpin	Toronto
headquarters location	Jeppesen is headquartered in Inverness, Colorado, a census designated place in Arapahoe County.	Jeppesen	Inverness, Colorado
headquarters location	Reser's Fine Foods, Inc., a United States corporation based in Beaverton, Oregon, manufactures and distributes fresh and frozen prepared foods.	Reser's Fine Foods	Beaverton
headquarters location	Smaato's global headquarters are in San Francisco, California.	Smaato	San Francisco
headquarters location	Community Action House is a nonprofit social services organization based in Holland, Michigan.	Community Action House	Holland
headquarters location	Valdostan Renewal (French: Renouveau Valdôtain, RV) was a social-liberal Italian political party active in the Aosta Valley.	Valdostan Renewal	Aosta
headquarters location	Purple Music Switzerland is a Swiss record label, based in Zürich and owned by DJ, producer and a former record shop owner Cem Berter aka Jamie Lewis.	Purple Music Switzerland	Zürich
headquarters location	The CN Group Limited is an independent local media business based in Carlisle, Cumbria, England, which operates in three different media fields.	CN Group	Carlisle
headquarters location	Lee & Shepard (1862-1905) was a publishing and bookselling firm in Boston, Massachusetts in the 19th century, established by William Lee (b. 1826) and Charles Augustus Billings Shepard (1829-1889) Authors published by the firm included:	Lee & Shepard	Boston
headquarters location	The Science and Rationalists' Association of India (Bengali: ভারতীয় বিজ্ঞান ও যুক্তিবাদী সমিতি, Bharatiya Bigyan O Yuktibadi Samiti) is a rationalist group based in Kolkata, India.	Science and Rationalists' Association of India	Kolkata
headquarters location	Peace Coffee is an organization based in Minneapolis, Minnesota that sells organic, fair trade coffee.	Peace Coffee	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft mbH (which translates roughly as Cantus Transport Company Ltd), based in Kassel is a joint subsidiary of Hessische Landesbahn (HLB) and Hamburger Hochbahn (HHA).	Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft	Kassel
headquarters location	After the relocation of manufacturing to Brazil, the resulting structure left the renamed Springs Global US to work alongside Coteminas as the operating units of parent Springs Global; most manufacturing decisions and control originate from the Montes Claros headquarters, while executive control is in the U.S.	Springs Global	Montes Claros
headquarters location	Odyssey Re Holdings Corp. headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, is an underwriter of property and casualty treaty and facultative reinsurance, as well as specialty insurance.	Odyssey Re	Stamford
headquarters location	430 West Records is an independent record label based in Detroit, MI USA formed in 1990 by Lawrence Burden, Lenny Burden, and Lynell Burden just months after recording their debut record for Derrick Mays' Transmat label.	430 West Records	Detroit
headquarters location	Curtiss-Caproni built a 200,000-square-foot (19,000 m2) construction factory in Dundalk, Maryland with a 20-year lease from the city of Baltimore and the hiring of George C. Westervelt as manager.	Curtiss-Caproni	Baltimore
headquarters location	The Working Parts is an independent video game company located in Gothenburg, Sweden.	The Working Parts	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Florigene is a biotechnology company based in Melbourne, Australia, which is principally involved in the application of in-house genetic modification techniques to develop novel colour expressions in a range of commercial plants.	Florigene	Melbourne
headquarters location	As of 2015, WSO2 has offices in USA (Mountain View, CA; Bloomington, IN), UK (London) and Sri Lanka (Colombo), with the bulk of its research and operations being conducted from its main office in Palm Grove, Colombo.	WSO2	Sri Lanka
headquarters location	From its inception as an eight-channel audio service from Motorola's cable group, Music Choice has evolved into a multi-platform interactive music network based in New York City that reaches millions of consumers across the country.	Music Choice	New York City
headquarters location	Xiha Life is operated out of Sunnyvale, California, Switzerland, and Finland.	Xiha Life	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	The General Aeroplane Company was Detroit's first commercial airplane builder.	General Aeroplane Company	Detroit
headquarters location	The first eight FreshCo stores were launched on May 12, 2010 in Brampton and Mississauga, Ontario.	FreshCo	Mississauga
headquarters location	Ērenpreiss Bicycles is a manufacturer of city bicycles based in Riga, Latvia.	Ērenpreiss Bicycles	Riga
headquarters location	Nimbus Publishing is a Canadian publishing company, founded in 1978, based in Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Nimbus Publishing	Halifax
headquarters location	McEvoy Motorcycles was a British motorcycle manufacturer based in Derby.	McEvoy Motorcycles	Derby
headquarters location	Jolidon is a Romanian lingerie and swim suit manufacturer, founded in 1993 in Cluj-Napoca.	Jolidon	Cluj-Napoca
headquarters location	HAX Accelerator (formerly HAXLR8R) is a seed accelerator focused on hardware startups based in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China.	HAX Accelerator	Shenzhen
headquarters location	BuckleySandler LLP is a financial services, criminal and civil enforcement defense law firm with 160 lawyers in Washington, D.C., New York, NY, Los Angeles, Chicago and London.	BuckleySandler	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	GlobeNewswire, is an American press release distribution company, headquartered in Los Angeles, California.	GlobeNewswire	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Verlag Freies Geistesleben & Urachhaus GmbH is a publishing company based in Stuttgart, publishing under the imprints of Verlag Freies Geistesleben and Verlag Urachhaus.	Verlag Freies Geistesleben & Urachhaus	Stuttgart
headquarters location	The Kansas Bar Association (KBA) is a voluntary, non-profit bar association for the state of Kansas with the headquarters located at 12th and Harrison St. in Topeka.	Kansas Bar Association	Topeka
headquarters location	Kasto Maschinenbau, based in Achern-Gamshurst, Germany, specialises in sawing and storage technology of bar stock.	Kasto	Achern
headquarters location	Strasser Marigaux began its activity in Paris with manufacture of saxophones and flutes.	Marigaux	Paris
headquarters location	Yara Belle Plaine Inc is a nitrate-based fertilizer manufacture based in Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada, and part of the Yara International group of companies.	Yara Belle Plaine	Regina
headquarters location	Aeneas Communications, LLC, operating as Aeneas Internet and Telephone, is a telecommunications provider headquartered in Jackson, Tennessee.	Aeneas Internet and Telephone	Jackson
headquarters location	An open source routing daemon BIRD was developed at the Faculty of Mathematics and Physics, Charles University, Prague, as a school project of three students (including Ondřej Filip, the current CEO of CZ.NIC).	CZ.NIC	Prague
headquarters location	Headquartered on historic Cotton Row in downtown Greenwood, Mississippi, Viking Range employs more than 1,000 people at four manufacturing facilities in Leflore County.	Viking Range	Greenwood
headquarters location	Urtext Film Productions is a film company located in Adelaide, South Australia.	Urtext Film Productions	Adelaide
headquarters location	Jura Elektroapparate AG is a Swiss developer and distributor of home appliances, headquartered in Niederbuchsiten, Canton of Solothurn.	Jura Elektroapparate	Niederbuchsiten
headquarters location	The Cyprus Stock Exchange or CSE (Greek: Χρηματιστήριο Αξιών Κύπρου or ΧΑΚ, Turkish: Kıbrıs Menkul Kıymetler Borsası or KMKB) is a stock exchange located in Nicosia, Cyprus.	Cyprus Stock Exchange	Nicosia
headquarters location	King's Variety Store is a chain of discount stores founded in 1915 by M.H. King in Burley, Idaho.	King's Variety Store	Burley
headquarters location	The Brazilian Institute of Family Law or IBDFAM (from Instituto Brasileiro de Direito de Família, in Portuguese) is a non-profit civil association founded on October 25, 1997, in the city of Belo Horizonte, state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, during the First Congress of Brazilian Family Law.	Brazilian Institute of Family Law	Belo Horizonte
headquarters location	Miramax (formerly Miramax Films) is an American entertainment company known for distributing independent and foreign films headquartered in Santa Monica, California.	Miramax	Santa Monica
headquarters location	Outspoken Media Group is a New York City based full-service entertainment and multicultural marketing company, founded and run by an African-American entrepreneur, Terry L. Cyrus.	Outspoken Media	New York City
headquarters location	Mystery Studio is a casual game development studio based in Montevideo, Uruguay.	Mystery Studio	Montevideo
headquarters location	Maxwell Technologies is an American developer and manufacturer headquartered in San Diego, California.	Maxwell Technologies	San Diego
headquarters location	Charles Melton Wines is an Australian winery based in Tanunda, within the Barossa Valley wine region of South Australia.	Charles Melton Wines	Tanunda
headquarters location	Headquarters of DuPont Pioneer are located in Johnston, Iowa, with additional offices around the world.	DuPont Pioneer	Johnston
headquarters location	Based in Boise, Idaho, Chelton Flight Systems originally started out as Sierra Flight Systems.	Chelton Flight Systems	Boise
headquarters location	China Guangfa Bank (simplified Chinese: 广发银行; traditional Chinese: 廣發銀行; pinyin: Guǎng Fā Yínháng, abbr: CGB) is a commercial banking corporation headquartered in Guangzhou, People's Republic of China.	China Guangfa Bank	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Bial (Portela e C.ª, S.A.) is a pharmaceutical company headquartered in Sao Mamede do Coronado, in Trofa, Porto district, Portugal.	Bial	Trofa
headquarters location	Dreamstime is a microstock photography agency based in Brentwood, Tennessee, with offices located in Bucharest, Romania.	Dreamstime	Brentwood, Tennessee
headquarters location	The Modern Art Foundry is a historic foundry in Astoria, Queens, New York City, founded in 1932 by John Spring.	Modern Art Foundry	Astoria
headquarters location	Sam's Wines and Spirits was a Chicago-based liquor superstore chain.	Sam's Wines and Spirits	Chicago
headquarters location	The Al Watany Bank of Egypt was founded in May 1980 by several Egyptian businessmen as a joint Stock Company under the provisions of Law 43/1974 with two branches in Cairo.	Al Watany Bank of Egypt	Cairo
headquarters location	960 Music Group (also known as 960 Music), headquartered in Lagos, is a Nigerian record company, content owner, and artist management firm focused on providing diverse audio and visual entertainment across Nigeria.	960 Music Group	Lagos
headquarters location	The Boise Metro Chamber of Commerce awarded AERO Specialties its Small Business of the Year award in June 2002.	AERO Specialties	Boise
headquarters location	Started in 1834 as a two-partner firm in Birmingham, Wragge & Co LLP was a UK-headquartered international law firm providing a full range of legal services to UK and international clients.	Wragge & Co	Birmingham
headquarters location	Based in Melbourne, AED Oil has assets in Australia and South East Asian territories with offices in Brunei Darussalam and Jakarta.	AED Oil	Melbourne
headquarters location	Cinelli (Italian pronunciation: (tʃiˈnɛlli)) is an Italian bicycle manufacturing company based in Milan, Italy, producing mostly road bicycles and components; production is estimated at 80 percent components, 20 percent bicycles.	Cinelli	Milan
headquarters location	Bajaj Electricals Ltd (BEL) (BSE: 500031) is an Indian consumer electrical equipments manufacturing company based in Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Bajaj Electricals	Mumbai
headquarters location	Petplan Equine is a horse and rider insurance provider based in London.	Petplan Equine	London
headquarters location	Snooth is a social networking website based in New York City, USA.	Snooth	New York City
headquarters location	Andrade Gutierrez is a Brazilian private multinational conglomerate headquartered in Belo Horizonte.	Andrade Gutierrez	Belo Horizonte
headquarters location	The Bank of Taiwan (BOT, Chinese: 臺灣銀行; pinyin: Táiwān Yínháng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tâi-oân gîn-hâng, see below) is a bank headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.	Bank of Taiwan	Taipei
headquarters location	With the head office located in Coventry, Optilan now also operates at offices in Russia, Azerbaijan, United Arab Emirates, India and the USA.	Optilan	Coventry
headquarters location	Hellbent Games is a video game developer based in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada.	Hellbent Games	Burnaby
headquarters location	Fujikon Industrial Holdings Ltd. (SEHK: 0927) is a Hong Kong-based company founded in 1982.	Fujikon	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Totem Acoustic is a Montreal, Canada-based manufacturer of loudspeaker systems.	Totem Acoustic	Montreal
headquarters location	Mediafax (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌmedi.aˈfaks)) is a Romanian media company headquartered in Bucharest and founded in 1991.	Mediafax	Bucharest
headquarters location	The Finnish Ski Association (Finnish: Suomen Hiihtoliitto, Swedish: Finlands skidförbund) is a skiing governing body in Finland, based in Helsinki & Lahti.	Finnish Ski Association	Finland
headquarters location	Merz Apothecary, located in the Lincoln Square neighborhood in Chicago, is a historic healthcare store that has been family owned and operated since it was opened by pharmacist Peter Merz in 1875, and is known for its selection of natural medicine.	Merz Apothecary	Chicago
headquarters location	Independent Truck Company is a skateboard truck manufacturer based in Santa Cruz, California, United States (US).	Independent Truck Company	Santa Cruz
headquarters location	Epitome Pictures Inc. is a television production company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and founded by Linda Schuyler.	Epitome Pictures	Toronto
headquarters location	Crescent Rising is a program of the Reggie White Foundation, begun in May 2007, that offers free demolition services to homeowners in the metropolitan New Orleans area affected by Hurricane Katrina.	Crescent Rising	New Orleans
headquarters location	Kushner Studios, is a New York City based architecture firm, founded by Adam Kushner, noted primarily for its residential and restaurant designs.	Kushner Studios	New York City
headquarters location	Boyer Brothers, Inc., is a candy company located in Altoona, Pennsylvania.	Boyer Brothers	Altoona
headquarters location	Commission Factory is an affiliate marketing network based in Maroochydore, QLD Australia.	Commission Factory	Maroochydore
headquarters location	Vital Farms is an Austin, Texas based company that specializes in the promotion of Pasture-raised poultry and the sales and distribution of pasture-raised eggs.	Vital Farms	Austin
headquarters location	Airco was established in 1912 by George Holt Thomas at The Hyde in Hendon, north London, England.	Airco	The Hyde
headquarters location	Westnet is a Perth-based Australian telecommunications company providing broadband ADSL, broadband ADSL2+, satellite broadband, dialup Internet, telephony and web-hosting services to homes and businesses across Australia.	Westnet	Perth
headquarters location	Lincraft was founded in 1938 by Leo Ross as a stall shop in Melbourne.	Lincraft	Melbourne
headquarters location	The Bolshoi Ballet is an internationally renowned classical ballet company, based at the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow, Russia.	Bolshoi Ballet	Moscow
headquarters location	VIP Industries Ltd is world's second largest and Asia's largest luggage maker based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.	VIP Industries	Mumbai
headquarters location	Findel plc is a British home shopping company, based in Hyde, Greater Manchester.	Findel plc	Hyde
headquarters location	Caffè Nero (Italian for black coffee) or Caffè Nero Group Ltd is a European style coffee house brand with its headquarters in London.	Caffè Nero	London
headquarters location	Vyrus is a small, exclusivist Italian motorcycle manufacturer based in Coriano, Italy.	Vyrus	Coriano
headquarters location	Duncan & Miller Glass Company was a well-known glass manufacturing company in Washington, Pennsylvania.	Duncan & Miller Glass Company	Washington
headquarters location	Miltenyi Biotec is a global biotechnology company headquartered near Cologne in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany.	Miltenyi Biotec	Bergisch Gladbach
headquarters location	Victor Hasselblad AB is a Swedish manufacturer of medium-format cameras and photographic equipment based in Gothenburg, Sweden.	Hasselblad	Gothenburg
headquarters location	Fraser and Neave, Limited (F&N) is a food and beverage, publishing and former brewing and property industries conglomerate in Singapore.	Fraser and Neave	Singapore
headquarters location	Sojern is currently headquartered in San Francisco, CA with key offices in New York, Omaha and London.	Sojern	San Francisco
headquarters location	Allegheny Energy was an electric utility headquartered in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.	Allegheny Energy	Greensburg, Pennsylvania
headquarters location	Medtronic was founded in 1949 in northeast Minneapolis by Earl Bakken and his brother-in-law Palmer Hermundslie as a medical equipment repair shop.	Medtronic	Minneapolis
headquarters location	Polsky Films is a film production company based in Los Angeles, California created by brothers Alan Polsky and Gabe Polsky.	Polsky Films	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Koronis Pharmaceuticals is a Seattle area biotechnology company founded in 1998.	Koronis Pharmaceuticals	Seattle
headquarters location	Kandor Graphics is a Spanish 3D computer animation feature film and short film studio based in Granada (Spain).	Kandor Graphics	Granada
headquarters location	Thin Man Films is a British film production company, based in London.	Thin Man Films	London
headquarters location	Köln-Düsseldorfer (KD) is a river cruise operator based in Cologne, Germany.	Köln-Düsseldorfer	Cologne
headquarters location	Warp Films is an independent film and television production company based in Sheffield & London, UK, with a further affiliated company Warp Films Australia based in Melbourne, Australia.	Warp Films	Sheffield
headquarters location	Halle Brothers Co. of Cleveland, Ohio, commonly referred to as Halle's, is a defunct department store chain.	Halle Brothers Co.	Cleveland
headquarters location	Papa Murphy's, a business based in Vancouver, Washington, United States, is a take-and-bake pizza company.	Papa Murphy's	Vancouver
headquarters location	Enterprise Oil was formed in 1983 to exploit the North Sea oil production assets of the then state-owned British Gas plc: it was privatised and its shares first listed on the London Stock Exchange in February 1984.	Enterprise Oil	London
headquarters location	Azerbaijan State Agricultural University (Azerbaijani: Azərbaycan Dövlət Aqrar Universiteti, literally ``Azerbaijan State Agricultural University''), also referred to as the Azerbaijan State Agricultural University (Az. AA), is a public university located in Ganja, Azerbaijan.	Azerbaijan State Agricultural University	Ganja
headquarters location	Fuqi operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, Fuqi International Holdings Co., Ltd., a British Virgin Islands corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary, Shenzhen Fuqi Jewelry Co., Ltd., a company established under the laws of China.	Fuqi International	Shenzhen
headquarters location	AGIS (Apex Global Internet Services) is a former Internet backbone based in Dearborn, Michigan, USA.	Apex Global Internet Services	Dearborn
headquarters location	Freiburger Verkehrs AG, also known as VAG Freiburg or just VAG, is the municipal transport company of the city of Freiburg im Breisgau in Germany.	Freiburger Verkehrs AG	Freiburg im Breisgau
headquarters location	Cone Health is a private, not-for-profit, healthcare delivery system based in Greensboro, North Carolina.	Cone Health	Greensboro
headquarters location	Born Feinkost GmbH is a food company from Erfurt, Germany.	Born Feinkost	Erfurt
headquarters location	AMC Networks International Iberia (formerly Chello Multicanal and Multicanal) is a Madrid, Spain-based television company, owned by AMC Networks International.	AMC Networks International Iberia	Madrid
headquarters location	CollabraSpace is a computer software and consulting services company located in Annapolis, MD.	CollabraSpace	Annapolis
headquarters location	Lighthouse Furniture Ltd is located in Hutton, Essex.	Lighthouse Furniture	Hutton
headquarters location	The Fundación Patrimonio Fílmico Colombiano is a film archive in Bogotá, Colombia.	Fundación Patrimonio Fílmico Colombiano	Bogotá
headquarters location	Schaper Toys, or W.H. Schaper Mfg. Co., Inc. as it was originally known, was a game and toy company founded in 1949 by William Herbert Schaper in Robbinsdale, Minnesota.	Schaper Toys	Robbinsdale
inception	Yovee joined forces in 2003 as the result of a recording project, the soundtrack for Riding in Vans with Boys.	Yovee	2003
inception	The Nikon F-501 (sold in North America as the N2020) was the first successful autofocus SLR camera sold by the Nikon Corporation beginning in 1986.	Nikon F-501	1986
inception	The Little Deaths was an American rock band formed in San Francisco, California in 1997.	The Little Deaths	1997
inception	Bank of the West began as Farmers National Gold Bank of San Jose, California, in 1874.	Bank of the West	1874
inception	Battalion was created on November 15, 2002 after Heads of General Staff of Hungarian, Romanian, Slovak and Ukrainian Armed Forces signed the Technical Arrangement on Implementation of Intergovernmental Agreement on Multinational Engineer Battalion Tisa in Budapest.	Multinational Engineer Battalion Tisa	2002
inception	CEO Jon Morris founded Rise Interactive in 2004 to teach traditional marketers how to manage Internet marketing campaigns.	Rise Interactive	2004
inception	Truth About Seafood was a San Francisco Bay Area band formed in the 1992 by Paul Bostaph, Jeff Minnery, and Brad Daane.	Truth About Seafood	1992
inception	The Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust (AGMARDT) was established in October 1987 by the government of New Zealand.	Agricultural and Marketing Research and Development Trust	1987
inception	The Radio Society of Great Britain (RSGB), first founded in 1913 as the London Wireless Club, is the United Kingdom's recognised national society for amateur radio operators.	Radio Society of Great Britain	1913
inception	In 2001, Nicolas Orlowski acquired the Artcurial Gallery from L'Oréal.	Artcurial	2001
inception	The Société française radio-électrique (SFR, Radiolectric French Company) was one of the first radiotelegraphic companies, founded by Émile Girardeau in 1910.	Société française radio-électrique	1910
inception	WLRX, which originally signed on the air in 1973 as WITO, would later go through format and call letter changes as WMLV (1985--97) and WFXN (1997--2002) before Clear Channel transformed them into a local version of the KISS-FM brand under the WBKS call letters.	WLRX	2002
inception	In October 1993, the members of the RZSI voted to dissolve the society and transfer its assets to a new non-profit limited company called ``Zoological Society of Ireland Limited''.	Zoological Society of Ireland	1993
inception	Piri Reis University (Turkish: Piri Reis Üniversitesi) (common usage: Piri Reis Maritime University) is a private university founded by the Turkish Maritime Education Foundation (Turkish: Türk Deniz Eğitim Vakfı, TÜDEV) in 2008 in Istanbul, Turkey.	Piri Reis University	2008
inception	Manila Christian Computer Institute for the Deaf Foundation, Inc. was incorporated on September 9, 1993 by the Securities and Exchange Commission (Philippines) (SEC) as a non-stock, non-profit foundation.	Manila Christian Computer Institute for the Deaf	1993
inception	EUROSAI was set up in 1990 with 30 members (the SAIs of 29 European States and the European Court of Auditors).	EUROSAI	1990
inception	The Alliance for Audited Media (AAM) is a North American non-profit industry organization founded in 1914 by the Association of National Advertisers to help ensure media transparency and trust among advertisers and media companies.	Alliance for Audited Media	1914
inception	WLIO-DT2's origins began on January 24, 2006 when The WB and UPN announced the two networks would end broadcasting and merge.	WLIO-DT2	2006
inception	Shine Global Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit media company that was founded in 2005 by Susan MacLaury, a licensed social worker and former health professor at Kean University, and her husband, Albie Hecht, an entertainment executive and founder of Worldwide Biggies and current head of HLN (TV channel).	Shine Global	2005
inception	Swissôtel was founded in 1980 as a joint venture between the Swissair and Nestlé groups with its headquarters in the Swiss city of Zurich.	Swissôtel	1980
inception	Sun Television and Appliances was a speciality retailer of consumer electronics, home appliances, and office equipment founded in 1949 by brothers Macy and Herbie Block.	Sun Television and Appliances	1949
inception	Lowe Enterprises was founded in Los Angeles, California, in 1972 by Robert J. Lowe, Sr., and three business partners as a real estate investment and development firm.	Lowe Enterprises	1972
inception	Brambles Limited, a company created in 1875 by Walter Edwin Bramble and well experienced in the materials handling industry, purchased CHEP on April 24, 1958.	CHEP	1958
inception	Raw Elements is a hardcore record label, established in 2002 in an effort to get some vinyl onto the shelves and to represent the underground hardcore scene.	Raw Elements	2002
inception	Grievous Angels are a Canadian alternative country band, active since 1986.	Grievous Angels	1986
inception	Initially active from 1985 to 1992, in 2013 it was announced that Toxik would reform again and start work on its third album.	Toxik	1985
inception	Color Group AS is a Norwegian shipping and holding company, established in 1990 as a result of the merger between Jahre Line and Norway Line.	Color Group	1990
inception	Tlot Tlot (/tlɒt tlɒt/ or /təˈlɒt təˈlɒt/) were an Australian pop rock band formed in 1986 as Man in the Wood.	Tlot Tlot	1986
inception	Vikernes began making music in 1988, but it was not until 1991 that he recorded his first demos as Burzum.	Burzum	1991
inception	On 19 March 1967, the party assumed its current name Pertubuhan Kebangsaan Melayu Singapura after the Singapore government passed a new law banning local parties from operating as branches of foreign organisations.	Pertubuhan Kebangsaan Melayu Singapura	19 March 1967
inception	The Barbier-Mueller Museum, founded in 1977, is located at 10 rue Jean-Calvin, in Geneva, Switzerland.	Barbier-Mueller Museum	1977
inception	Kinderhook Industries is a New York-based private equity firm founded in 2003.	Kinderhook Industries	2003
inception	Founded in 2004 by Jeff Carlisi, founder and former guitarist of 38 Special (band), and business partner Dan Lipson, Camp Jam Co. offers experiences for musicians of all ages and all skill levels.	Camp Jam Co.	2004
inception	This centre, the Singapore Mediation Centre, was launched on 16 August 1997.	Singapore Mediation Centre	1997
inception	Lioness Records is a British record label, founded in 2009 by soul singer Amy Winehouse.	Lioness Records	2009
inception	Hellenic Petroleum S.A. is one of the largest oil companies in the Balkans and with its roots dating to 1958 with the establishment of the first oil refinery in Greece (Aspropyrgos).	Hellenic Petroleum	1958
inception	The Belize Progressive Party (BPP) is a Belizean political party founded in 2015 by a merger of several extra-parliamentary opposition groups.	Belize Progressive Party	2015
inception	Cut Teeth began in 2012, releasing their first EP titled Televandalism via Topshelf Records.	Cut Teeth	2012
inception	Kat Men is an American/British rockabilly band, formed in 2007 by former Stray Cats drummer Slim Jim Phantom, and Imelda May's guitarist and husband Darrel Higham.	Kat Men	2007
inception	D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles, or ``DMB&B'', was established in November 1985 by the merger of the Benton & Bowles (B&B) and D'Arcy-MacManus Masius (D-MM) advertising agencies.	D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles	1985
inception	The National Council to Prevent Discrimination (Spanish: Consejo Nacional para Prevenir La Discriminación; CONAPRED) is a Mexican government agency created by the Federal Law to Prevent and Eliminate Discrimination in 2003 to promote policies and measures to contribute to the cultural and social development and progress in social inclusion and guarantee the right to equality.	National Council to Prevent Discrimination	2003
inception	The Bracław Voivodeship (Polish: Województwo bracławskie) was a unit of administrative division and local government in the Grand Duchy of Lithuania from 1566 until 1569 (see: Union of Lublin), and of the Kingdom of Poland from 1569 until 1793/1795.	Bracław Voivodeship	1566
inception	Eskimo Joe is an Australian alternative rock band that was formed in 1997 by Stuart MacLeod, on guitars, Joel Quartermain, on drums and guitar, and Kavyen Temperley, on bass guitar and vocals, in East Fremantle, Western Australia, Australia.	Eskimo Joe	1997
inception	Built in 1830 by Brigus merchant John Leamon, Hawthorne Cottage came into the Bartlett family through Bartlett's mother, Mary Leamon Bartlett, granddaughter of John Leamon.	Hawthorne Cottage	1830
inception	The Lexington Broadcast Services Company (first known as Lexington Broadcast Services and later known as LBS Communications) was a television production and syndication company founded in 1976 by advertising pioneer Henry Siegel.	Lexington Broadcast Services Company	1976
inception	The competition, formed as the ONGC I-League in 2007 in an effort to professionalize the game in India after holding the old National Football League for eleven seasons, replaced the NFL as the primary competition in the country.	I-League	2007
inception	New Georgian Ballet (Georgian: ახალი ქართული ბალეტი; Russian: Нью Джорджиан Балет) is non-repertory theatre of modern dance, founded by Georgian choreographer Tamaz Vashakidze in Tbilisi, Georgia, in 1993.	New Georgian Ballet	1993
inception	Kredenn Geltiek (Celtic Creed) is a neo-Pagan Druidic group founded in Brittany in 1936.	Kredenn Geltiek	1936
inception	The Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) is an independent agency of the United States federal government established in 1996.	Institute of Museum and Library Services	1996
inception	It was established only in 1970 with the amalgamation of the towns of Treysa and Ziegenhain together with some outlying villages to form the town of Schwalmstadt.	Schwalmstadt	1970
inception	Milch still prevented Messerschmitt's takeover of the BFW until 1938, hence the designation ``Bf'' of early Messerschmitt designs.	Messerschmitt	1938
inception	The Abbotsford Heat were a professional ice hockey team that played five seasons in the American Hockey League (AHL) between 2009 and 2014.	Abbotsford Heat	2009
inception	Frankie & Benny's is a chain of Italian-American restaurants in the United Kingdom, with numerous outlets nationwide, run by The Restaurant Group plc. The first location opened in 1995 in Leicester, but now the chain has over 200 locations across the UK.	Frankie & Benny's	1995
inception	The Grim Natwick Film Festival is an annual film festival, inaugurated in 2010.	Grim Natwick Film Festival	2010
inception	The Aberdeen Wings are a Tier II junior ice hockey team based out of Aberdeen, South Dakota that began play for 2010--11.	Aberdeen Wings	2010
inception	The Carrick, Cumnock and Doon Valley constituency was created at the same time as the Scottish Parliament, in 1999, with the name and boundaries of an existing Westminster constituency.	Carrick, Cumnock and Doon Valley	1999
inception	The company was founded by Vladimir Marchenk in Cyprus in 2007 and was subsequently known as Petroltech Holdings until June 2011 when it became RusPetro Holdings.	RusPetro	2007
inception	WMOV-FM signed on in 1990 under the ownership of J.H. Communications as WXRI-FM; taking the call letters of the former station on the 105.3 frequency that had been owned by televangelist Pat Robertson until its sale in May 1989.	WMOV-FM	1990
inception	LS Cable & System was founded as Korea Cable Industry in May 1962 and became Goldstar Cable in 1969.	LS Cable & System	May 1962
inception	The US-based Relief International was founded in 1990 by Farshad Rastegar, an Iranian American, and the European headquarters under the title Relief International UK began operations in 2005.	Relief International UK	2005
inception	The party was formed as the Progressive Riojan Party (Spanish: Partido Riojano Progresista) on 6 December 1982 with the stated aim of occupying the progressive centre in La Rioja.	Riojan Party	1982
inception	The Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration was founded in 1895 to support the cause of international arbitration, arbitration treaties, and an international court, and to generate public support on behalf of the cause.	Lake Mohonk Conference on International Arbitration	1895
inception	Project Jason is a non-profit organization started in 2003 by Jim and Kelly Murphy of Omaha, Nebraska in dedication to finding their missing son Jason Anthony Jolkowski (born June 24, 1981 -- missing since June 13, 2001).	Project Jason	2003
inception	Chonghaejin Marine Company Ltd. was set up on 24 February 1999, and became a key entity to consolidate Yoo Byung-eun's bankrupt company Semo's shipping business, taking over ships and assets held by Semo Marine, and had Semo's debts written off.	Chonghaejin Marine	1999
inception	It was demolished after only one decade of use and, following extensive construction, reopened as the Montreal Eaton Centre in 1991.	Montreal Eaton Centre	1991
inception	AKOM Production, Ltd. (Animation KOrea Movie) is a South Korean animation studio in Songpa-gu, Seoul that has provided much work since its conception in 1985 by Nelson Shin.	AKOM	1985
inception	Five Forty Aviation Ltd, trading as Fly540, is a low-cost airline which commenced operations in 2006 and is based in Nairobi, Kenya, that operates domestic and international passenger and freight services.	Fly540	2006
inception	Vipassana Meditation Centre (Chinese: 净名佛学社), is a Buddhist monastery in Singapore set up in 1993 in propagating and perpetuating the practice of vipassana meditation in Singapore.	Vipassana Meditation Centre	1993
inception	The Lutheran University of Applied Sciences Nuremberg, (in German: Evangelische Hochschule Nürnberg (EVHN)) was founded in 1995 and is one of the smallest University of Applied Sciences in Bavaria with about 850 students and is under the auspices of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in Bavaria.	Lutheran University of Applied Sciences Nuremberg	1995
inception	The first Comic Expo was held in Bristol November 6--7, 2004, at the Ramada City Inn.	Comic Expo	2004
inception	Maria Assumpta Convent School is a co-educational secondary school in Kashipur, Uttarakhand, India which was founded in 1987.	Maria Assumpta Convent School	1987
inception	The Tennessee Civil War National Heritage Area was designated in 1996.	Tennessee Civil War National Heritage Area	1996
inception	The Louisiana Purchase (French: Vente de la Louisiane ``Sale of Louisiana'') was the acquisition of the Louisiana territory (828,000 square miles) by the United States from France in 1803.	Louisiana Purchase	1803
inception	Founded in February, 2008, Lovin' Scoopful donates 25% of its profits to the Special Olympics International.	Lovin' Scoopful	2008
inception	The Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center opened in Moscow in November 2012 and is thought to be the largest Jewish museum in the world.	Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center	2012
inception	The Republic of South Peru was one of the three constituent Republics of the short-lived Peru-Bolivian Confederation of 1836--39.	Republic of South Peru	1836
inception	The Cinema Mundi International Film Festival is a film festival, inaugurated in 2010, and held annually at the end of February, beginning of March in Brno, Czech Republic.	Cinema Mundi International Film Festival	2010
inception	The Washington D.C. area band Sev first performed together live on October 31, 1995.	Sev	1995
inception	East Arnhem Region was created under the Local Government Act (NT) 2008 to provide core Local Government Services.	East Arnhem Region	2008
inception	Farben Lehre is a Polish punk band formed in 1986 by Wojciech Wojda.	Farben Lehre	1986
inception	Critical Line was a contemporary art exhibition center that opened 5 May 2006 in the St. Helens section of Tacoma, Washington.	Critical Line	2006
inception	Karolinska Institutet was founded in 1810 on Kungsholmen on the west side of Stockholm; the main campus was relocated decades later to Solna, just outside Stockholm.	Karolinska Institutet	1810
inception	World Trip Records, is a Canadian independent record label founded in 2010 in Toronto.	World Trip Records	2010
inception	The Portucel Soporcel Group (listed as Portucel S.A.) is a Portuguese pulp and paper company, which resulted from the 2001 merger of the firms Portucel and Soporcel.	Portucel Soporcel	2001
inception	Bitcasa, Inc., is an American cloud storage company founded in 2011 in St. Louis, Missouri.	Bitcasa	2011
inception	Personal Software Services (PSS) was a British software company based in Coventry, founded by Gary Mays and Richard Cockayne in 1981.	Personal Software Services	1981
inception	Hopeful Tragedy Records is an 2007 formed Quebec-based Record label founded by Your Favorite Enemies.	Hopeful Tragedy Records	2007
inception	The company was established in 1963 as the Zhengzhou Bus Repair Factory 1993 Zhengzhou Yutong Bus Co., Ltd. was founded with a sales volume of 708 units.	Yutong	1993
inception	Esterline was founded in 1906 by John Esterline, an electrical engineer and former head of the electrical engineering department at Purdue University.	Esterline	1906
inception	John Brien started Important Records in 2001 out of his Newbury, Massachusetts apartment, initially as an online store.	Important Records	2001
inception	The MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics, founded in 1981, is a non-profit clinical medical ethics research institute based in the United States.	MacLean Center for Clinical Medical Ethics	1981
inception	Poorman Mayfield Music Group is record label group founded in 2009 by Grammy-winning jazz trumpeter and bandleader Irvin Mayfield.	Poorman Mayfield Music Group	2009
inception	The second manifestation of ``Air Wales'' was a much larger operation established in January 1997 with the assistance of property financier Roy Thomas and started operations in January 2000.	Air Wales	1997
inception	Galerie Smend is a gallery in Cologne, Germany showing textile art. The gallery was founded 1973 and run by Rudolf G. Smend until today.	Galerie Smend	1973
inception	This or the Apocalypse is an American metalcore band from Lancaster, Pennsylvania which formed in 2005.	This or the Apocalypse	2005
inception	Founded in 2008 by Victoria Leigh Gardner, Nicole Rodriguez and Jim Coatsworth, and based in New Haven, Connecticut, Hillhouse Opera Company has offered productions of Alcina, Don Giovanni, Faust, Così fan tutte and La Bohème.	Hillhouse Opera Company	2008
inception	Editorial Ivrea was founded in 1997 in Argentina, and since then, they have released several comics.	Editorial Ivrea	1997
inception	In 2009, Fortune created a new organization, the Advancing Women Artists Foundation, its American non-profit sister organization, which allowed for more opportunities for American involvement.	Advancing Women Artists Foundation	2009
inception	The Brand New Heavies are an acid jazz and funk group formed in 1985 in Ealing in west London.	Brand New Heavies	1985
inception	Missouri State University was formed as the Fourth District Normal School, by legislative action on March 17, 1905.	Missouri State University	1905
inception	The Ensemble Matheus was founded in 1991 with the members of the Quatuor Matheus (Matheus Quartet), Jean-Christophe Spinosi, Laurence Paugam, Françoise Paugam, and Thierry Runarvot, as the core of the ensemble, and with Spinosi as artistic leader.	Ensemble Matheus	1991
inception	The team was formed on November 7, 1992 and was named the Turkish Stars on January 11, 1993.	Turkish Stars	1992
inception	Green Go are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2006 from Guelph, Ontario, Canada.	Green Go	2006
inception	The Bisexual Resource Center (BRC) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts, that has served the bisexual community since 1985.	Bisexual Resource Center	1985
inception	The town of Mörfelden-Walldorf came into being on 1 January 1977 through the merger of the until then independent towns of Mörfelden and Walldorf in the face of pressure from Frankfurt to amalgamate with that city.	Mörfelden-Walldorf	1977
inception	The Exército Guerrilheiro do Povo Galego Ceive (Guerrilla Army of the Free Galician People in Galician language; EGPGC) was an armed organization formed in 1986 mainly by members of Galiza Ceibe-OLN.	Exército Guerrilheiro do Povo Galego Ceive	1986
inception	The London Electricity Board was the public sector utility company responsible for electricity generation and electrical infrastructure maintenance in London prior to 1990.	London Electricity Board	1990
inception	FINCA Afghanistan was founded on August 1, 2003 through grants and loans supplied by several donors and funding agencies.	FINCA Afghanistan	2003
inception	The Party for Human and Spirit (Dutch: Partij voor Mens en Spirit, MenS) is a Dutch political party, founded in March 2008.	Party for Human and Spirit	2008
inception	Kalasalingam University (formerly Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Engineering) was established in the year 1984 by the Kalasalingam Anandam Ammal Charities.	Kalasalingam University	1984
inception	ProntoForms was founded in 2001 in Ottawa, Canada as TrueContext Mobile Solutions by Alvaro Pombo (who is also the company's CEO).	ProntoForms	2001
inception	It was then established as a state owned enterprise called Coal Corporation in 1987 (known as Coalcorp), and renamed Solid Energy New Zealand Limited in 1997.	Solid Energy	1987
inception	Delia Memorial School (Matteo Ricci) (Chinese: 地利亞修女紀念學校(利瑪竇)) commenced its service in 1984, operating under the management of Delia Group of Schools.	Delia Memorial School (Matteo Ricci)	1984
inception	Hansa Shipping OÜ is an Estonian shipping company founded in 1999 in Tallinn, Estonia.	Hansa Shipping	1999
inception	Get Physical Music is a Berlin-based electronic music record label founded in 2002 by M.A.N.D.Y. (Patrick Bodmer & Philipp Jung), DJ T (Thomas Koch) and Booka Shade (Walter Merziger, Arno Kammermeier & Peter Hayo).	Get Physical Music	2002
inception	The Pritzker Literature Award for Lifetime Achievement in Military Writing (formerly Pritzker Military Library Literature Award 2007-2013) is a literary award given annually by the Pritzker Military Museum & Library.	Pritzker Literature Award for Lifetime Achievement in Military Writing	2007
inception	The very first concert given by Subway to Sally was held in September 1990.	Subway to Sally	1990
inception	The Bluetones are an English indie rock band, formed in Hounslow, Greater London, in 1993.	The Bluetones	1993
inception	MTI Consulting was founded in 1997 with its headquarters in Bahrain.	MTI Consulting	1997
inception	The first initiative in this direction came from the provincial government of Biscay, which the other three provincial governments in the peninsular part of the Basque Country subsequently joined (1918), with articles of association being approved and Euskaltzaindia being legally constituted in October 1919.	Euskaltzaindia	1919
inception	Urban Dance Squad was a Dutch rap rock band formed after what was originally intended as a one-time jam-session at a festival in Utrecht on December 20, 1986.	Urban Dance Squad	1986
inception	The commune of Le Plessis-Trévise was created on 7 July 1899 by detaching a part of the territory of La Queue-en-Brie and merging it with a part of the territory of Chennevières-sur-Marne and a part of the territory of Villiers-sur-Marne.	Le Plessis-Trévise	7 July 1899
inception	Disques Hushush Inc. (also known as Disques Hushush or more simply as Hushush) is an independent record label created by Dimitri della Faille (aka recording artist Szkieve) in Montreal (Quebec), Canada in 1998.	Disques Hushush	1998
inception	Wizz Air Ukraine commenced domestic operations in Ukraine on 11 July 2008 and later added international flights.	Wizz Air Ukraine	2008
inception	Planet Gemini was formed in 1997 by vocalist and guitarist Hellion and bassist Josh in Boston, Massachusetts.	Planet Gemini	1997
inception	Hanover Acceptances Limited is a holding company founded 1974 by Manfred Gorvy.	Hanover Acceptances	1974
inception	The Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, also known as Met Council, was founded in 1972 after two studies reported 300,000 Jewish New Yorkers live in poverty.	Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty	1972
inception	Rijkswaterstaat, founded in 1798 as the Bureau voor den Waterstaat, is part of the Dutch Ministry of Infrastructure and the Environment, the former Ministry of Transport, Public Works and Water Management.	Rijkswaterstaat	1798
inception	Episcopal Collegiate School is an independent college preparatory school located in Little Rock, Arkansas established in 1998 under the name ``The Cathedral School.''	Episcopal Collegiate School	1998
inception	The Hedwig Codex is a medieval illuminated manuscript of the Life of Hedwig of Silesia, produced in the court workshop of Ludwig I of Liegnitz and Brieg in 1353.	Hedwig Codex	1353
inception	BBC World Service Television, often abbreviated to WSTV (World Service Television), was the name given to two of the BBC's international satellite television channels between 1991 and 1995.	BBC World Service Television	1991
inception	Kungshuset, the ``King's House'', is a building in Lund in Sweden, built by the Danish king Frederick II between 1578 and 1584 and originally intended as the residence for the bishop of Lund.	Kungshuset	1584
inception	UserJoy Technology (Chinese: 宇峻奧汀; pinyin: Yǔjùn Àotīng), founded in Taiwan since 1995, is a company involved in PC single-player/MMO game development, publishing and maintenance.	UserJoy Technology	1995
inception	In 2010 Euclideon was the recipient of approximately $2 million, the largest grant awarded by the Australian Federal Government under its new Commercialisation Australia initiative.	Euclideon	2010
inception	Founded in March 2003, Gravity Interactive LLC was created to host games for North America developed by GRAVITY Co., Ltd..	Gravity Interactive	2003
inception	Brasier was a French automobile manufacturer, based in the Paris conurbation, and active between 1905 and 1930.	Brasier	1905
inception	Yeni-Kale was built by Ottoman Turks in 1699--1706 on the Kerch peninsula that belonged to the Crimean Khanate.	Yeni-Kale	1699
inception	The Prix Guizot is an annual prize of the Académie française, which has been awarded in the field of history since 1994 by Fondations Guizot, Chodron de Courcel, Yvan Loiseau and Eugène Piccard.	Prix Guizot	1994
inception	Fragomen, Del Rey, Bernsen & Loewy LLP is a New York City-based International Law firm established in 1951 and specialized in providing a range of immigration law services to corporate and individual clients, and is widely recognised as the world's leading immigration law firm.	Fragomen, Del Rey, Bernsen & Loewy	1951
inception	The Al-Qaida Sanctions Committee (officially Security Council Committee pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999) and 1989 (2011) concerning Al-Qaida and associated individuals and entities) was established on 15 October 1999, pursuant to UN Security Council Resolution 1267.	Al-Qaida Sanctions Committee	1999
inception	Emocapella was founded in October 2001 by Eric Denman and Dan Riesser, GW sophomores at the time, who wanted to form a group that purposefully deviated from traditional a cappella.	Emocapella	2001
inception	3net was an American 3D television channel that launched on February 13, 2011.	3net	2011
inception	The Acorn to Oak Foundation (or Bellota A Roble) was founded on March 24, 2006 with the intent of ultimately establishing a private, Latter-day Saint university in Latin America.	Acorn to Oak Foundation	2006
inception	The Observatory was established in 1883 as the Hong Kong Observatory by Sir George Bowen, the 9th Governor of Hong Kong, with Dr William Doberck as its first director.	Hong Kong Observatory	1883
inception	Up with the Republic (Spanish: Arriba la República), formerly known as Up with Nicaragua (Arriba Nicaragua), is a Nicaraguan political party founded in 1996 by banker Álvaro Robelo.	Up with the Republic	1996
inception	Blessing the Children International (BCI) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, founded in 2001, that does Christian missionary work in Ethiopia, Africa.	Blessing the Children International	2001
inception	The football department split from the club in 2003 to create FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03.	FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03	2003
inception	The Olympia Brewing Company was a brewery in Tumwater, WA founded in 1896 by Leopold Friederich Schmidt, which existed from 1896 until 1983.	Olympia Brewing Company	1896
inception	The 3rd and the Mortal (alternative spelling The Third and the Mortal) were a Norwegian experimental metal-band, founded in the city Trondheim, Norway, in 1992 by Rune Hoemsnes, Finn Olav Holthe, Geir Nilssen, Trond Engum and singer Kari Rueslåtten.	The 3rd and the Mortal	1992
inception	The Alliance for Safe Children (TASC) is a non-profit organization formed in 2002 to address the issue of child injury in the developing world.	The Alliance for Safe Children	2002
inception	Bech-Bruun traces its history back to 1872 when it was established as ``Bech-Bruun I/S'' but in 2001, after numerous mergers, it changed its name to ``Bech-Bruun Dragsted Advokatfirma I/S'', finally becoming ``Bech-Bruun'' in 2005.	Bech-Bruun	2001
inception	It has been responsible for the safe, orderly and expeditious flow of air traffic in Canadian airspace since November 1, 1996 when the government transferred the ANS from Transport Canada to Nav Canada.	Nav Canada	1996
inception	H&Q Asia Pacific (H&QAP) is an Asian private equity firm founded in 1986 by Ta-lin Hsu as a branch of the investment bank Hambrecht & Quist.	H&Q Asia Pacific	1986
inception	Essential Energy was formed from the previously state-owned energy business, Country Energy, when the retail division of the company, along with the Country Energy brand, was sold by the NSW Government in 2011 to Origin Energy.	Essential Energy	2011
inception	In 2009 Swedish electro-hydraulic control systems manufacturer Olsbergs bought 50% of the team and it was renamed Olsbergs MSE.	Olsbergs MSE	2009
inception	Lion Hudson plc resulted from the merger in December 2003 of Lion Publishing plc and Angus Hudson Ltd. Lion Publishing was founded in 1971 by David & Pat Alexander in order to publish books in plain language about Christianity for readers who are not necessarily Christian and for a diverse, international readership.	Lion Hudson	2003
inception	Mediaset Extra is an Italian entertainment television channel, owned by the media company Mediaset, launched on 26 November 2010.	Mediaset Extra	2010
inception	The history of Synergy University goes back to 1995 when ``Moscow International Institute of Econometrics, Informatics, Finance and Law'' was established in Moscow.	Synergy University	1995
inception	MKB Unionbank was founded in January 1991 as Boras OOD, a limited liability company, licensed by the Bulgarian National Bank (BNB) to trade in foreign currencies.	Unionbank	1991
inception	The Concertación (full Spanish name: Concertación de Partidos por la Democracia, English: Coalition of Parties for Democracy) is a coalition of center-left political parties in Chile, founded in 1988.	Concertación	1988
inception	Rolls-Royce Motors was created in 1973 during the de-merger of the Rolls-Royce car business from the nationalised Rolls-Royce Limited.	Rolls-Royce Motors	1973
inception	Daventry University Technical College is a University Technical College (UTC) in Daventry, Northamptonshire, England which opened in September 2013.	Daventry University Technical College	2013
inception	Auzolan (neighborhood labor in Basque) was a political coalition in the Southern Basque Country, created on 26 March 1983.	Auzolan	1983
inception	Saba Foulad Zagros was founded in December 2009 as a private company and it is considered as one of the major industrial poles of the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province as well as the Iranian re-bar making industry.	Saba Foulad Zagros	2009
inception	The University of Rochester was founded in 1850 as a Baptist-sponsored institution.	University of Rochester	1850
inception	The company was formed in September 1999 when Buzzi Cementi (founded as Fratelli Buzzi SpA in Trino Vercellese by the brothers Pietro and Antonio Buzzi in 1907) took over Unicem (founded as Cementi Marchino in Casale by Luigi Marchino in 1878), and took on the name of Buzzi Unicem.	Buzzi Unicem	1999	1907
inception	PT Media Nusantara Citra Tbk (MNC, IDX: MNCN) is a media company in Indonesia, founded in 1997.	Media Nusantara Citra	1997
inception	Mohamed Sathak Engineering College (Tamil: மொஹமட் சதக் பொறியியல் கல்லூரி ), Kilakarai is the first self-financing engineering college in Tamil Nadu started in the year 1984.	Mohamed Sathak Engineering College	1984
inception	Since their foundation on 19 October 1923 Karlstad BK has participated mainly in the second and third tiers of the Swedish football league system.	Karlstad BK	1923
inception	Campmor is an outdoor recreation equipment retailer established in Bogota, New Jersey in 1978.	Campmor	1978
inception	The BBC Radio 2 Electric Proms (formerly the BBC Electric Proms) was an October music festival in London run by the BBC for five years, 2006--2010.	BBC Radio 2 Electric Proms	2006
inception	Million Writers Award is a short story literary award presented annually by storySouth since 2003.	Million Writers Award	2003
inception	Michael Onghai founded AppAddictive in January 2011 and serves as its CEO.	AppAddictive	2011
inception	Dark Horse Records is a record label founded by former Beatle George Harrison in 1974.	Dark Horse Records	1974
inception	Dongducheon Rock Festival is a rock festival, which is held annually in Dongducheon, South Korea in late summer since 1999.	Dongducheon Rock Festival	1999
inception	North Pointe Preparatory was established in August 2001, with 130 students in grades 7 through 9.	North Pointe Preparatory	2001
inception	Pacific Forum CSIS was founded as an independent think tank in 1975.	Pacific Forum CSIS	1975
inception	As of November 2011, Comtel Air serves six cities in five countries:	Comtel Air	2011
inception	West Pakistan (Urdu: مغربی پاکستان‎, Mag̱ẖribī Pākistān IPA: (məɣrɪbiː pɑːkɪst̪ɑːn); Bengali: পশ্চিম পাকিস্তান, Pôścim Pākistān) was one of the two exclaves created at the formation of the modern State of Pakistan following the 1947 Partition of India.	West Pakistan	1947
inception	Willie's Reserve is a company started by singer-songwriter Willie Nelson in 2015.	Willie's Reserve	2015
inception	Dream of Sleeping began in 2003 with an EP titled Dream of Sleeping, recorded by Danny Lint and Neil Cartmell.	Dream of Sleeping	2003
inception	National Electric Vehicle Sweden AB, abbreviated as Nevs, is a Swedish holding company, that has acquired the assets of Saab Automobile AB from a bankruptcy estate in 2012.	National Electric Vehicle Sweden	2012
inception	Absolutely Kosher Records is an independent California-based record label founded in 1998 in San Francisco by Cory Brown.	Absolutely Kosher Records	1998
inception	Front Yards in Bloom began in 1999 as a partnership program between the Edmonton Horticultural Society, Canada Post, and the City of Edmonton.	Front Yards in Bloom	1999
inception	The University of Canberra Firebirds are an American Football club established in 1993 to compete in the ACT Gridiron league.	University of Canberra Firebirds	1993
inception	The Sheffield Bach Choir was founded in 1950 to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the death of Johann Sebastian Bach in Leipzig.	Sheffield Bach Choir	1950
inception	12BET, founded in 2007, is a sports betting and online casino provider licensed by the Isle of Man Gambling Supervision Commission.	12BET	2007
inception	Banco Itaú began in 1945 under the name Banco Central de Crédito (Central Bank of Credit) and later changed its name to Banco Federal de Crédito (Federal Bank of Credit).	Banco Itaú	1945
inception	Rightware was founded in December 2009 after it got a €3 million investment to acquire the mobile business unit from Futuremark Corporation.	Rightware	2009
inception	Craven-Maddalena Films is a Hollywood movie studio, founded in 1996 by Wes Craven and Marianne Maddalena.	Craven-Maddalena Films	1996
inception	WLYK signed on January 23, 1989, as WKGG, a repeater for WTOJ in Watertown, but with a Kingston focus.	WLYK	1989
inception	The Valentino Orchestra is a Canadian 17-piece pre-swing style big band formed in Montreal in 1996 and led by musicologist and composer Andrew Homzy.	The Valentino Orchestra	1996
inception	Founded in 2003 by Kai Bolik, Michael Kalkowski and Boris Wasmuth GameDuell offers over 70 casual online games, mostly developed in-house, such as Fluffy, Maya Pyramid, Bubble Speed, Jungle Jewels and game classics like Hearts, Solitaire and Pool.	GameDuell	2003
inception	Altai Khairkhan (Mongolian: Алтай Хайрхан) is an overtone singing ensemble from Mongolia founded in 2002 by Childeegiin Palamjav, Sambuugiin Pürevjav and Ejeegiin Toivgoo.	Altai Khairkhan	2002
inception	Ad Noiseam was founded in April of 2001 by Nicolas Chevreux, who also has done some of the design work for the label's releases.	Ad Noiseam	2001
inception	In 1996, former Windham Hill employees Pat Berry and Bob Duskis founded Six Degrees Records with the intention of promoting new trends in world music.	Six Degrees Records	1996
inception	Those Who Fear, also known as TWF, is an American Christian metal band hailing from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, who were established in 2005.	Those Who Fear	2005
inception	To Live and Shave in L.A. (TLASILA) is an experimental music collective founded in 1993 by avant-garde composer/producer Tom Smith (formerly of Washington, DC groups Peach of Immortality and Pussy Galore) and Miami Beach musician/producer Frank ``Rat Bastard'' Falestra.	To Live and Shave in L.A.	1993
inception	In early 2002, Sean Spector and Jung Suh partnered with founding CEO Toby Lenk to start GameFly.	GameFly	2002
inception	Zero Tolerance Recordings is a now defunct record label that released electronic music from 1998 to 2004.	Zero Tolerance Recordings	1998
inception	The Czechoslovakia national football team (Czech: Československá fotbalová reprezentace, Slovak: Československé národné futbalové mužstvo) was the national association football team of Czechoslovakia from 1920 to 1992.	Czechoslovakia national football team	1920
inception	ETSI was created by CEPT in 1988 and is officially recognized by the European Commission and the EFTA secretariat.	ETSI	1988
inception	Esporte Clube Bahia was founded in 1931, when players from two clubs decided to merge.	Esporte Clube Bahia	1931
inception	On November 1, 1991, the station changed its call sign to the current WBMW; under this call sign, it signed on December 24, 1992.	WBMW	1992
inception	The Prototyp - Personen.Kraft.Wagen (persons.power.cars) museum in Hamburg opened in 2008 in Hamburg's Speicherstadt district.	Prototyp - Personen.Kraft.Wagen	2008
inception	The American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) was founded in 1987 by several people who had lost loved ones to suicide.	American Foundation for Suicide Prevention	1987
inception	Command Consulting Group, ``CCG'', is an international security and intelligence consulting firm, founded in 2009, headquartered in Washington, D.C., USA.	Command Consulting Group	2009
inception	In 1989, the three future members of Spiderbait were performing together with Janet English on bass guitar and lead vocals, Mark Maher (better known as Kram) on lead vocals and drums, and Damian Whitty (or ``Whitt'') on guitar.	Spiderbait	1989
inception	Aerosud is an aeronautical engineering and manufacturing company, formed in 1990 by the then key designers of the South African Denel Rooivalk attack helicopter, together with similar leaders from the Atlas Cheetah fighter program (Mirage III upgrade) and the Product Support Environment.	Aerosud	1990
inception	Twobones is a Swiss Mainstream-jazz band founded in 1986.	Twobones	1986
inception	Elanders was created from a print office founded in 1908 by Otto Elander, Nils Hellner and Emil Ekström in Sweden.	Elanders	1908
inception	Founded in 2003, Meizu began as a manufacturer of MP3 players and later MP4 players.	Meizu	2003
inception	Vital Farms was founded in 2007 by its CEO, Matthew O’Hayer, as a single-site operation on a 27-acre farm plot in Southwest Austin.	Vital Farms	2007
inception	Still Pending is an American punk pop children band, formed in Portland, Oregon in 2005.	Still Pending	2005
inception	Digital Extremes is a Canadian computer and video game developer founded in 1993 by James Schmalz, best known for its co-creation of Epic Games' highly successful Unreal series of games.	Digital Extremes	1993
inception	The company was founded in 1994; the first call within the Kyivstar network was made on 9 December 1997.	Kyivstar	1994
inception	Carlton Sports, a leading producer of badminton rackets and shuttlecocks was established in 1946.	Carlton Sports	1946
inception	The Cult Information Centre was founded in 1987 by Ian Haworth, who had previously been involved with the Council on Mind Abuse, and gained charitable status in the United Kingdom in 1992.	Cult Information Centre	1987
inception	Obsidian Kingdom is a music band formed in 2005 in Barcelona, whose music is not easy to label.	Obsidian Kingdom	2005
inception	Syrian Education TV (Arabic القناة الفضائية التربوية السورية) launched by the Syrian Ministry of Education on 14 October 2008 on Arabsat and it was later launched in June 2009 to broadcast from Damascus on Nilesat.	Syrian Education TV	2008
inception	The Academy for German Law (German: Akademie für deutsches Recht) was an institute founded in 1933 in Nazi Germany on the initiative of Hans Frank.	Academy for German Law	1933
inception	The Hubei University (simplified Chinese: 湖北大学; traditional Chinese: 湖北大學; pinyin: Húběi Dàxué), colloquially known in Chinese as Huda (湖大, Húdà) was founded in 1931 and is as a key comprehensive university in Hubei Province, People's Republic of China.	Hubei University	1931
inception	Greater Lowell United FC was founded in 2013 as an expansion team to join the National Premier Soccer League (NPSL) for the 2014 season.	Greater Lowell United FC	2013
inception	The Industrial Development & Renovation Organization of Iran (IDRO) known as IDRO Group was established in 1967 in Iran.	IDRO Group	1967
inception	Usurp Synapse formed in 1998 in Layfayette, Indiana.	Usurp Synapse	1998
inception	Army Group C was formed from Army Group 2 in Frankfurt on 26 August 1939.	Army Group C	1939
inception	The Williamson Museum is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation established in 1997 to collect, preserve and exhibit items relating to the rich culture and heritage of Williamson County, Texas.	Williamson Museum	1997
inception	In 2006 a new club was founded under the BSV Bad Bleiberg name and plays in the lower amateur ranks.	BSV Bad Bleiberg	2006
inception	The All-for-Ireland League (AFIL), was an Irish, Munster-based political party (1909--1918).	All-for-Ireland League	1909
inception	Steve Jackson Games (SJGames) is a game company, founded in 1980 by Steve Jackson, that creates and publishes role-playing, board, and card games, and the gaming magazine Pyramid.	Steve Jackson Games	1980
inception	Gallery Int Fashion Fair started in 2005 as a small showroom, and by 2008 it has grown into a full sized fair with 350 leading brands.	Gallery Int Fashion Fair	2005
inception	In 2006 Blue Frog became best known for founding NOYZ, a television network that aired mostly pop and hip hop music videos, where members could send text messages to be placed on the air.	NOYZ	2006
inception	Logi Entertainment (Korean: 로지엔터테인먼트) is a Korean company, established in April 2005, which specializes in producing music and entertainment.	Logi Entertainment	2005
inception	BHLDN launched its website on Valentine's Day 2011 and opened its first brick-and-mortar store in Houston in August 2011.	BHLDN	2011
inception	Sisters for Christian Community is a contemporary, non-canonical, ecumenical organization of women founded in 1970 in direct response to the Roman Catholic Vatican Council II. Sisters For Christian Community do not have a canonically approved constitution.	Sisters for Christian Community	1970
inception	In August 2004, in connection with the aggravation of relations between Moldova and the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic was last created state unitary enterprise ``Transnistrian Railway'' (the station Tiraspol, Bender and Ribnita), which withdrew from the Moldovan Railways.	Transnistrian Railway	2004
inception	Founded in 2005 by Peter Weglarz, the books released from Olympian Publishing have been noteworthy for high production quality, specifically re-creating the feel of vintage or antique books.	Olympian Publishing	2005
inception	Realizing the Dream, Inc. is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 2006 by Martin Luther King III to carry on the legacy of his parents, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Mrs. Coretta Scott King.	Realizing the Dream	2006
inception	Xing Kong is a Mandarin-language TV channel owned by STAR TV in partnership with China Media Capital, also known as STAR Chinese Channel China, It was voted ``Satellite Channel of the Year'' at the 2002 China Television Programme Awards.	Xing Kong	2002
inception	In 2007, their first CD, Just Girls was released.	Just Girls	2007
inception	In April 2004, Teknopet Plastic Products and PET Packaging Corporation produced its first PET jar.	Teknopet	2004
inception	In 1745, Demerara was separated from Essequibo.	Demerara	1745
inception	In 2011, the Westervelt-Warner Museum became the Tuscaloosa Museum of Art.	Tuscaloosa Museum of Art	2011
inception	Belvision Studios is a Belgian animated cartoon studio founded in 1956 by Raymond Leblanc, best known for producing Hergé's Adventures of Tintin and other animated films.	Belvision Studios	1956
inception	Sarguja University is located in Ambikapur, Chhattisgarh, SARGUJA UNIVERSITY is established and incorporated by Chhattisgarh Vishwavidyalaya Adhiniyam No. 18 of 2008 on September 2nd, 2008.	Sarguja University	2008
inception	Skuru IK is a sports club in Skuru in Nacka, Sweden, established on 22 October 1922.	Skuru IK	22 October 1922
inception	Keep the Dog was a United States-based experimental rock touring band from New York City formed in 1989 by English multi-instrumentalist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith.	Keep the Dog	1989
inception	DITTO was founded in 2011 in Mountain View, CA by Kate Endress, Sergey Surkov, and Dmitry Kornilov.	DITTO	2011
inception	On 9 February 1949, the football department was spun off as NK Zadar.	NK Zadar	1949
inception	Bek Air was founded in 1999 as a business jet operator.	Bek Air	1999
inception	The present Royal Military Academy Sandhurst was founded in 1947 with the merger of two institutions: the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst.	Royal Military Academy Sandhurst	1947
inception	FC Nika Moscow (Russian: ФК ``Ника'' Москва) is a Russian association football club from Moscow, founded in 1999.	FC Nika Moscow	1999
inception	The name Bukovina came into official use in 1775 with the region's annexation from the Principality of Moldavia to the possessions of the Habsburg Monarchy, which became the Austrian Empire in 1804, and Austria-Hungary in 1867.	Bukovina	1775
inception	Since opening in February 2012, Auctionata has evaluated and verified over 21,000 pieces of art. Notably, Auctionata's experts discovered a watercolor by Egon Schiele, which was valued at a starting price of $1.3 million (€1 million).	Auctionata	2012
inception	Shambhavi School of Dance (or SSD) was established in 1993 at Kengeri, Bangalore in the state of Karnataka in India as a Gurukul of Indian classical dance and music.	Shambhavi School of Dance	1993
inception	Dushanbe International School (DIS) was founded in 1997 to serve the international community in Dushanbe and the surrounding area.	Dushanbe International School	1997
inception	PMNCH was launched in September 2005 when the world's three leading maternal, newborn and child health alliances joined forces under the new name of The Partnership for Maternal, Newborn & Child Health.	Partnership for Maternal, Newborn & Child Health	2005
inception	It was identical to Qingdao Economic and Technological Development Zone (QETDZ) (simplified Chinese: 青岛经济技术开发区; traditional Chinese: 青島經濟技術開發區; pinyin: Qīngdǎo Jīngjì Jìshù Kāifāqū) which was launched in 1985 after the zone was merged with Huangdao District and set up the Free Trade Zone in 1992.	Huangdao District	1985
inception	3rd Alley formed in October 2004 after Zack Walters, then a solo artist, sent a four-track demo to Long Beach Records, landing on Greg ``Mudd'' Lowther's ears (of Falling Idols fame and co-owner of Long Beach Records).	3rd Alley	2004
inception	In 1994 the Sweelinck Conservatorium merged with Hilversums Conservatorium to form the Conservatorium van Amsterdam.	Conservatorium van Amsterdam	1994
inception	Project 46 was formed in June 2011 after Ryan and Thomas met through a mutual friend via Skype.	Project 46	2011
inception	1994 - John K. Brown, Wallace Johnson, Roger Fritz, John Sturgeon and David Wolfe establish the Libertarian Party of West Virginia.	Libertarian Party of West Virginia	1994
inception	The Anointed Pace Sisters is an American gospel music female group from Atlanta Georgia, they started in 1992.	The Anointed Pace Sisters	1992
inception	Alternative Distribution Alliance (ADA), the independent music and film distribution arm of Warner Music Group, was created in 1993 to focus on the independent music business.	Alternative Distribution Alliance	1993
inception	Tanishq started in 1994 and challenged the established family jeweller system prevalent in India.	Tanishq	1994
inception	In 1910, the business, which had by that time become both a manufacturer and a merchant of salt, was incorporated as the Morton Salt Company.	Morton Salt	1910
inception	Ned's Atomic Dustbin are an English rock band formed in Stourbridge in West Midlands in November 1987.	Ned's Atomic Dustbin	1987
inception	Lohjan Jääankat (Lohja Iceducks), shorter Ankat (Ducks) were an ice hockey team which was founded on 1992 in lohja.	Lohjan Jääankat	1992
inception	Cosanti is where Soleri and his wife, Colly (née Corolyn Woods) Soleri, had established their residence in 1956, metropolitan Phoenix their city, on a site just a few miles from Taliesin West, where Soleri had studied, an area that has since been surrounded by expensive suburban residences.	Cosanti	1956
inception	Baku International School (BIS) is a school located in Baku, Azerbaijan, which was established by the Quality Schools International (QSI) group in 1994.	Baku International School	1994
inception	Grimble Grumble formed in 1995, taking their name from a character mentioned in the Pink Floyd song ``The Gnome''.	Grimble Grumble	1995
inception	Muzaffarnagar Medical College was established in 2006 by the Fateh Chand Charitable Trust under the chairmanship of Sh.	Muzaffarnagar Medical College	2006
inception	The Latin American Film Festival (LAFF) is a film festival dedicated to Latin American cinema, held annually in the city of Utrecht, Netherlands, since 2005.	Latin American Film Festival	2005
inception	Bampton Classical Opera was founded in 1993 by its current artistic directors, Gilly French and Jeremy Gray, in order to perform classical period opera in English.	Bampton Classical Opera	1993
inception	The Society of Photography Award (「写真の会」賞, Shashin no Kai shō) is an award presented annually since 1989 by the (Tokyo-based) Society of Photography (写真の会, Shashin no Kai) for outstanding work in photography.	Society of Photography Award	1989
inception	Riot City Wrestling (RCW) is an Australian independent professional wrestling promotion founded in January 2006 in Adelaide, South Australia.	Riot City Wrestling	2006
inception	The European World of Bluegrass (EWOB Netherland) is an annual three-day event which was initially held in 1998 in the town of Lichtenvoorde, Netherlands, and is now being held annually in the town of Voorthuizen, Netherlands.	European World of Bluegrass	1998
inception	The Société d'Études Aéronautiques (SEA) (``Society for Aeronautical Studies'') was a French aircraft manufacturer founded in 1916 by Henry Potez, Marcel Bloch, and Louis Coroller at Suresnes.	Société d'Études Aéronautiques	1916
inception	On October 27, 1993 the monitoring period was completed and the schools became Dom Bosco Catholic University.	Dom Bosco Catholic University	1993
inception	Since 1 July 1990 the 277th Motor Rifle Division was reorganised as the 127th Machine Gun Artillery Division.	127th Machine Gun Artillery Division	1990
inception	We as Human was a Christian rock band from Sandpoint, Idaho formed in 2006.	We as Human	2006
inception	C-Clown released their debut mini-album Not Alone with its lead single being ``Solo'' on July 18, 2012.	C-Clown	2012
inception	Far East American distributed Domusindo's products in the North American market until 1994, when Mr. Wong founded Modus Furniture International, Inc., a privately held California corporation.	Modus Furniture	1994
inception	Founded by actor /director John Polson, Tropfest began in 1993 as a screening for 200 people at the 'Tropicana Caffe' in Darlinghurst, Sydney, Australia, but has since become the largest platform for short films in the world.	Tropfest	1993
inception	Endeavour Foundation is one of Queensland's oldest charities, founded in 1951 by a group of parents who refused to accept their children with an intellectual disability couldn't be educated.	Endeavour Foundation	1951
inception	The D&F Academy was launched by the Dekeyser&Friends Foundation in 2009 with the aim of creating a platform where successful personalities could pass on their knowledge and experience to young people from around the world in interactive learning projects.	D&F Academy	2009
inception	The Jack Welch Management Institute at Strayer University is an online educational institution founded in 2009 and based in the United States, offering an executive Master of Business Administration degree and executive certificates for working adults.	Jack Welch Management Institute	2009
inception	Circle of Dead Children is a deathgrind band formed on October 24, 1998, in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Circle of Dead Children	1998
inception	CCC Film (German: Central Cinema Compagnie-Film GmbH) is a German film production company founded in 1946 by Artur Brauner.	CCC Film	1946
inception	The Institute of Tropical Forest Conservation in Uganda grew out of the Impenetrable Forest Conservation Project (IFCP) initiated in 1986 to protect the area now known as the Bwindi Impenetrable National Park (BINP), a World Heritage site in southwestern Uganda.	Institute of Tropical Forest Conservation	1986
inception	Harasha was established on 14 January 1999 by two students from Mercaz haRav with assistance from the Amana settlement organization.	Harasha	1999
inception	Sir Howard Douglas Hall, commonly referred to as ``The Old Arts Building'', is the oldest university building still in use in Canada, completed in 1827.	Sir Howard Douglas Hall	1827
inception	Classic Produktion Osnabrück (often referred to as cpo, in lowercase) is a record label founded in 1986 by Georg Ortmann and several others.	Classic Produktion Osnabrück	1986
inception	The Urge was originally formed in 1987 by Webster Groves High School classmates Jeff Herschel (drums), Karl Grable (bass), and Pat Malecek (guitar).	The Urge	1987
inception	The two bodies merged on 1 January 1990 to form the Australian Institute of Company Directors.	Australian Institute of Company Directors	1990
inception	Cochin Shipyard was incorporated in 1972 as a Government of India company, with the first phase of facilities coming online in 1982.	Cochin Shipyard	1972
inception	MI-Connection was created after the towns of Mooresville, Davidson, and Cornelius agreed to buy-out the local cable system from Time Warner Cable after the Adelphia cable acquisition in 2007.	MI-Connection	2007
inception	International School Dhaka (ISD) is a co-educational International Baccalaureate World School in Dhaka, Bangladesh which opened in 1999.	International School Dhaka	1999
inception	The Mont Pelerin Society was created on 10 April 1947 at a conference organized by Friedrich Hayek (Friedrich August von Hayek).	Mont Pelerin Society	10 April 1947
inception	BH Air was founded in 2001 and began operations in January 2002 with charter flights to Sofia, Plovdiv, Burgas and Varna under contract from the UK tour operator ``Balkan Holidays Ltd'' (No Connection with BH Air).	BH Air	2001
inception	Founded as a private company under the name Business Flyers Basel AG by Moritz Suter, it changed to Crossair on 18 November 1978, before the beginning of scheduled services on 2 July 1979 with flights from Zürich to Nuremberg, Innsbruck and Klagenfurt.	Crossair	1978
inception	Ascension Theory are a progressive metal band formed in 2002.	Ascension Theory	2002
inception	On 11 January 1790 they signed a pact, establishing a confederation under the name Verenigde Nederlandse Staten / États-Belgiques-Unis (United Belgian States) and a governing body known as the Sovereign Congress.	United Belgian States	January 1790
inception	Çankaya University (Turkish: Çankaya Üniversitesi) was established on July 9, 1997, by the Sıtkı Alp Education Foundation in Ankara, Turkey.	Çankaya University	1997
inception	ESPN Books is a publishing company operated by ESPN Started in 2004, ESPN Books has published almost 20 books.	ESPN Books	2004
inception	Algorithme Pharma was founded in 1992 by a small team of researchers from the pharmacology department of the Université de Montréal and is the largest privately held Québec-owned organization specializing in clinical research services for the international pharmaceutical industry.	Algorithme Pharma	1992
inception	Cornbugs was an American experimental metal band formed in 1995.	Cornbugs	1995
inception	Miguel de Cervantes University (Spanish: Universidad Miguel de Cervantes) is a private university located in Santiago de Chile and was established on 1996.	Miguel de Cervantes University	1996
inception	RRO Entertainment is a record label with subsidiary music publishing companies started in 2003 by producer/artist Les Fradkin and his wife Loretta.	RRO Entertainment	2003
inception	Ultra Motorsports began running Winston Cup in 1994, when P. J. Jones drove the #06 Ford Thunderbird at Phoenix, finishing 29th, nine laps down.	Ultra Motorsports	1994
inception	Lights Resolve is an American alternative rock band that formed in New York in 2006.	Lights Resolve	2006
inception	Assyrian Democratic Organization (ADO), (Syriac: ܡܛܟܣܬܐ ܐܬܘܪܝܬܐ ܕܝܡܩܪܛܝܬܐ; Arabic: المنظمة الآثورية الديمقراطية‎) also known as ``Mtakasta/Mtakasto'', founded in Syria in 1957, is the oldest Assyrian political organization in Syria .	Assyrian Democratic Organization	1957
inception	Xiuyan Road Station (Chinese: 秀沿路) is a station on the Shanghai Metro, which services Line 11 and opened on December 19, 2015.	Xiuyan Road Station	2015
inception	The first governor, Captain John Dutton, arrived in 1659, making Saint Helena one of Britain's oldest colonies outside North America and the Caribbean.	Saint Helena	1659
inception	CBS Action is a television channel in the United Kingdom and Poland that launched on 16 November 2009.	CBS Action	2009
inception	The South American Business Forum was founded in 2005, and has been organized annually since then by students of the Instituto Tecnológico de Buenos Aires.	South American Business Forum	2005
inception	ASCON (sometimes ASCON Group) was founded in 1989 as a private company.	ASCON	1989
inception	The Asian Institute of Computer Studies, commonly known as AICS is a private and non-sectarian educational institution in the Philippines founded in 1996.	Asian Institute of Computer Studies	1996
inception	In 2007 the band formed as Rotten Ped (the name taken from a nickname given to singer Phill Pedder) and, in 2008, recorded their debut album The Heavenly Sound Of Smut in three days.	Rotten Ped	2007
inception	The Indus Telefilm Festival was a Pakistani film festival held in 2003.	Indus Telefilm Festival	2003
inception	It was set up in 2012 and following the successful 2014 season was re-branded as Worldchoiceair.com.	Worldchoiceair	2012
inception	Kamyzyak was founded around 1560 as a fishing village along the Volga.	Kamyzyak	1560
inception	The Australian Military Court (AMC) was a military service tribunal established in 2007 with the primary aim of maintaining military justice within the Australian Defence Force.	Australian Military Court	2007
inception	The Labour and Socialist International (LSI; German: Sozialistische Arbeiter-Internationale, SAI) was an international organization of socialist and labour parties, active between 1923 and 1940.	Labour and Socialist International	1923
inception	Nordhausen was Reichsgut (estate of the German emperor) from the beginning, but in 1158, Frederick Barbarossa donated it to the local chapter of nuns, which was converted to a cathedral chapter by Frederick II in 1220, whereby the city came back to the empire and became an Imperial Free City.	Nordhausen	1220
inception	The Certified Public Accountants Association (CPAA) (formerly Association of Certified Public Accountants and CPA UK) was formed in 1989 to represent the interests of certain accountants in the United Kingdom.	Certified Public Accountants Association	1989
inception	Herod the Great built a fortress, a palace, and a small town in Herodium, between 23 and 15 BCE, and is believed to have been buried there.	Herodium	15 BCE
inception	The Campaign for Good Governance was formally established in July 1996 after Sierra Leone's first multi-party democratic elections in three decades.	Campaign for Good Governance	1996
inception	Thyrane was formed by Blastmor in 1994 when he and two other musicians began playing together.	Thyrane	1994
inception	The Coast Guard Basic Training Honor Graduate Ribbon was first created on March 3, 1984, with the first presentation in April of that same year to then Seaman apprentice Scott Woodard.	Basic Training Honor Graduate Ribbon	1984
inception	Established in 1953, the Darwin Baseball Association and latterly Darwin Baseball League (DBL) is the governing body of amateur baseball in Darwin, Northern Territory.	Darwin Baseball League	1953
inception	Beijing New Oriental School was established on November 16, 1993 by an English teacher YU Minhong at Peking University.	New Oriental	1993
inception	The Zambonis are a Connecticut-based indie rock band formed in 1991 by musicians Dave Schneider (The LeeVees), Peter Katis, Jon Aley, and Tarquin Katis.	The Zambonis	1991
inception	The Measure (SA) were an American punk rock band formed in 2005 in New Brunswick, New Jersey who released albums on Don Giovanni Records and No Idea Records.	The Measure (SA)	2005
inception	Uva Province (Sinhalese: ඌව පළාත Uva Palata, Tamil: ஊவா மாகாணம் Uva Maakaanam) is Sri Lanka's second least populated province, with 1,259,880 people, created in 1896.	Uva Province	1896
inception	Rappers Yas Taalat and Bobby McIntosh, both former members of the rock/rap band Project Wyze, teamed up with onetime DMC World Champion DJ Dopey to form Dead Celebrity Status in 2003.	Dead Celebrity Status	2003
inception	Up Above Records is an independent hip hop record label based in Long Beach, California, United States, co-founded in 1995 by Doug ``Papadoug'' Kato and The Visionaries member KeyKool, along with DJ Rhettmatic and Beat Junkies.	Up Above Records	1995
inception	Boux Avenue launched in the spring of 2011 initially opening six stores across the United Kingdom.	Boux Avenue	2011
inception	The Equality Trust is a campaigning organisation founded in 2009 by Bill Kerry, Richard G. Wilkinson and Kate Pickett after the publication of Wikinson and Pickett's book The Spirit Level:	Equality Trust	2009
inception	From late 1998 to early 1999, this team left Rare to form Free Radical Design, which was established in April 1999, their first release being TimeSplitters for the PlayStation 2 in 2000.	Free Radical Design	1999
inception	The Island Games began in 1985 as the Inter-Island Games, as part of the Isle of Man International Year of Sport, and were intended to be a one-off sporting celebration only.	Island Games	1985
inception	Pickwick Records (originally formed as Pickwick Sales Corporation, later Pickwick International) was founded in 1950 by Cy Leslie, whose first business was a prerecorded greeting card service that in 1946 turned into Voco Records, a label of children's records.	Pickwick Records	1950
inception	Coláiste na Coiribe was established in 1992 with 6 students.	Coláiste na Coiribe	1992
inception	The Museum of Art Fakes (German: Fälschermuseum) is a museum of faked and forged artworks that opened in Vienna, Austria in 2005.	Museum of Art Fakes	2005
inception	Founded in 1987, Dangerous Toys had released four full-length albums and one live album before unofficially disbanding at the turn of the millennium.	Dangerous Toys	1987
inception	It has been established under the provisions of The Global Open University Act 2006 (Act 3 of 2006) of the Government of Nagaland with a view to introducing vocational, job oriented and empoyment centric education in the North-East in general and in the State of Nagaland in particular.	Global Open University	2006
inception	Kvinna Till Kvinna (engl. Woman to Woman) is a Swedish organization founded in 1993 as a result of the Yugoslav Wars.	Kvinna Till Kvinna	1993
inception	The Czech National Socialist Party (Czech: Česká strana národně socialistická), abbreviated to ČSNS 2005, is a centre-left nationalist political party in the Czech Republic.	Czech National Socialist Party	2005
inception	Finntroll was founded in 1997 with a line-up which included guitarist Teemu ``Somnium'' Raimoranta and vocalist/lyricist Jan ``Katla'' Jämsen.	Finntroll	1997
inception	Grazing Goat Pictures is an Indian film and TV production house launched in 2011 by Hindi film actor Akshay Kumar and Ashvini Yardi.	Grazing Goat Pictures	2011
inception	A royal decree of February 2, 1818 separated Ilocos Norte from Ilocos Sur, the latter to include the northern part of La Unión (as far as Namacpacan, now Luna) and all of what is now the province of Abra.	Ilocos Sur	1818
inception	United Agents (UA) is a British talent and literary agency founded in 2007 by Tim Corrie.	United Agents	2007
inception	The Conway Daily Sun (Country News Club), founded in 1989, in Conway, New Hampshire.	Country News Club	1989
inception	It was dedicated as the Frank R. Lautenberg Rail Station at Secaucus Junction and opened on December 15, 2003.	Secaucus Junction	2003
inception	Schreiber Foods was founded in 1945 when L.D. Schreiber, in partnership with Merlin G. Bush and Daniel D. Nusbaum, started the L.D. Schreiber Cheese Company with its original plant in Green Bay, Wisconsin.	Schreiber Foods	1945
inception	Murphy's Kids is a six-piece American ska punk band from Richmond, Virginia, formed in 1999.	Murphy's Kids	1999
inception	The Gangbé Brass Band is a 10-member Beninese musical ensemble founded in 1994.	Gangbé Brass Band	1994
inception	Miss High School America was established in 2009 by Amanda Patterson of Arkansas.	Miss High School America	2009
inception	The California High-Speed Rail Authority (CHSRA) is a California state agency established pursuant to the California High-Speed Rail Act (S.B. 1420, Chapter 796 of the California Statutes of 1996) to develop and implement high-speed intercity rail service, such as the California High-Speed Rail project.	California High-Speed Rail Authority	1996
inception	Vision Crew Unlimited (VCU) was a motion picture and TV commercial visual effects company founded in 1994 by visual effects artists Evan Jacobs, Jon Warren and Douglas Miller.	Vision Crew Unlimited	1994
inception	The Distorted Music Festival was an electronic music festival held in Melbourne, Australia in 2005.	Distorted Music Festival	2005
inception	Established on 4 August 1989, D.A.V. Public School, Chandrasekharpur began with only 90 students and 17 staff members.	D.A.V. Public School, Chandrasekharpur	1989
inception	FlipMe is an internet-based dating service that launched in 2010.	FlipMe	2010
inception	Eurodad has existed since 1990 and is registered as a non-profit organisation in both the Netherlands and Belgium.	Eurodad	1990
inception	Kitchens of Distinction (sometimes shortened colloquially to KOD) is an English three-person alternative rock band formed in Tooting, South London in 1986.	Kitchens of Distinction	1986
inception	Artists Trade Union of Russia was registered in 1999.	Artists Trade Union of Russia	1999
inception	Becky's Diner opened in 1991 with an exception to the city's zoning laws prohibiting non-fishery businesses in the location.	Becky's Diner	1991
inception	The Eerik Kumari Award (Estonian: Eerik Kumari looduskaitsepreemia ) is a prestigious award given to those who have excelled in bioscience in Estonia since 1989.	Eerik Kumari Award	1989
inception	The Richmond Boys Choir was founded in 1996 in Richmond, Virginia, as a collaboration between Theatre IV and the Boys & Girls Club of Richmond.	Richmond Boys Choir	1996
inception	Pee Shy (1993--1998) were an indie pop band from Tampa, Florida, whose clever, literate lyrics and unorthodox if primitive instrumentation led them to a brief major label career that ended just as they were attracting national commercial radio airplay.	Pee Shy	1993
inception	DEMIRA was founded in 1996 in order to provide humanitarian mine clearance, EOD (Explosive Ordnance Disposal), as well as emergency medical aid and disaster relief to people living in postwar countries, and to victims of natural disasters and civil unrest.	DEMIRA	1996
inception	Lake of Tears is a Swedish heavy metal band originally formed in 1994, generally considered to play gothic metal and doom metal.	Lake of Tears	1994
inception	Altobridge was founded in Ireland in 2002 by Mike Fitzgerald, Guy Waugh and Bart Kane.	Altobridge	2002
inception	Head Hits Concrete is a Canadian political grindcore band that formed in April 1999 in Winnipeg.	Head Hits Concrete	1999
inception	Plants and Animals' self-titled EP was released in 2003 via Ships at Night Records.	Plants and Animals	2003
inception	Macedonian Airlines was created in 1992 as the charter subsidiary of the Greek national airline, Olympic Airways.	Macedonian Airlines	1992
inception	The current club was established in 1998, after the old HK Celje was dissolved.	HK Celje	1998
inception	Livetune (stylized as livetune) is a Japanese music group which formed in 2007 as a dōjin music circle signed to Toy's Factory.	Livetune	2007
inception	Jim Henson's Creature Shop is a special/visual effects company founded in 1979 by puppeteer Jim Henson, creator of The Muppets.	Jim Henson's Creature Shop	1979
inception	The District of Alaska was the governmental designation for Alaska from May 17, 1884 to August 24, 1912, when it became Alaska Territory.	District of Alaska	1884
inception	The Cyprus Police Museum was founded in 1933 during the British Colonial Period (1878--1959).	Cyprus Police Museum	1933
inception	HaYisraelim (Hebrew: הישראלים‎, lit. The Israelis) was a minor political party in Israel which ran in the 2009 elections and in the 2013 elections.	HaYisraelim	2009
inception	Lake Central Airlines was an airline that served points in the midwestern United States from 1950 to 1968, when it merged into Allegheny Airlines.	Lake Central Airlines	1950
inception	Zongo Comics was founded and published in 1995 by Simpsons and Futurama creator Matt Groening.	Zongo Comics	1995
inception	Monoprice was founded in 2002 by both Jong Lee and Seok Hong.	Monoprice	2002
inception	Philips Consumer Lifestyle was formed in 2008 from the merger of Philips Consumer Electronics and Philips Domestic Appliances and Personal Care.	Philips Consumer Lifestyle	2008
inception	The Neuenfelder Maschinenfabrik was founded in 1970 by J.J.Sietas as a separate company from the yard.	Neuenfelder Maschinenfabrik	1970
inception	Party of Democratic Revival of Ukraine (PDVU) was a political party in 1990-96 that was created as an offshot of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.	Party of Democratic Revival of Ukraine	1990
inception	Cecily's Fund was established in September 1998 in memory of Cecily Eastwood, who died in a road accident whilst working with AIDS orphans in Zambia.	Cecily's Fund	1998
inception	But it was acquired by Winwise Holdings Limited, the subsidiary of Hongkong Chinese Limited from Hong Kong, in 2002 and renamed as The Macau Chinese Bank, Limited.	Macau Chinese Bank	2002
inception	The first Rib Crib opened in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1992, using a hickory-wood-burning smoker within an old house.	Rib Crib	1992
inception	Wesdome Gold Mines Inc. was created as a joint venture in 1976 for the purpose of exploring and developing the Wesdome property in Val d’Or.	Wesdome Gold Mines	1976
inception	Various Traveline-branded services, including Traveline Cymru, were established in the UK during 1999.	Traveline Cymru	1999
inception	AtaBank is one of the largest commercial banks in Azerbaijan established in 1993.	AtaBank	1993
inception	In May 2010, the Gemballa factory was seized by German authorities and shut down following the disappearance of Uwe Gemballa who was later found dead.	Gemballa	2010
inception	Big Hit Entertainment (Hangul: 빅히트 엔터테인먼트), is a South Korean record label founded in 2005 by music producer and former JYP composer Bang Si-Hyuk, also known as ``Hitman Bang.''	Big Hit Entertainment	2005
inception	The first DEF CON took place in June 1993.	DEF CON	1993
inception	HolyHell is a symphonic power metal band, formed in 2005, produced by Joey DeMaio, bass player from Manowar.	HolyHell	2005
inception	Success Will Write Apocalypse Across the Sky is an American death metal band from Tampa, Florida, formed in 2006.	Success Will Write Apocalypse Across the Sky	2006
inception	The German Confederation (German: Deutscher Bund) was a loose association of 39 German states in Central Europe, created by the Congress of Vienna in 1815 to coordinate the economies of separate German-speaking countries and to replace the former Holy Roman Empire.	German Confederation	1815
inception	Oakland University was created in 1957 when Matilda Dodge Wilson and her second husband, Alfred Wilson, donated their 1,443-acre (5.84 km2) estate to Michigan State University, including Meadow Brook Hall, Sunset Terrace and all the estate's other buildings and collections, along with $2 million.	Oakland University	1957
inception	The Mental Health Tribunal for Scotland was established on 5 October 2005, under the Mental Health (Care and Treatment) (Scotland) Act 2003.	Mental Health Tribunal for Scotland	2005
inception	It began in the Swiss village of Waldenburg in 1954 with the foundation of a research institute bearing the name of its founder, Dr Ing. Reinhardt Straumann.	Straumann	1954
inception	PAREF Springdale School, Inc. is a private single-gender basic education institution established in 1996 in Cebu City, Philippines.	PAREF Springdale School	1996
inception	Ghezzi & Brian was founded in 1995 by Giuseppe Ghezzi and Bruno (Brian) Saturno to develop racing motorcycles using twin-cylinder engines.	Ghezzi & Brian	1995
inception	Kennedy Nolan is a Melbourne-based architecture practice established in 1999 by Rachel Nolan and Patrick Kennedy (who both met while studying and living on campus at the University of Melbourne).	Kennedy Nolan	1999
inception	Automobiles Ettore Bugatti was a French car manufacturer of high-performance automobiles, founded in 1909 in the then German city of Molsheim, Alsace by Italian-born Ettore Bugatti.	Bugatti	1909
inception	Conectiva was a company founded on August 28, 1995, in Curitiba, Paraná, Brazil, by a group of friends, among them Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo, who was a pioneer in the distribution of Linux and open source software in Brazilian Portuguese, Spanish and English for all of Latin America.	Conectiva	1995
inception	Ai-Kon was first held at the University of Manitoba in 2001 and is currently held at the Winnipeg Convention Centre.	Ai-Kon	2001
inception	Boni & Liveright was an American trade book publisher established in 1917 in New York City by Albert Boni and Horace Liveright.	Boni & Liveright	1917
inception	The Church of England Newspaper was founded in 1828 and is notable as the earliest Church paper, and one of the oldest newspapers still in circulation.	Church of England Newspaper	1828
inception	The Italian participation in the Eastern Front during World War II began after the launch of Operation Barbarossa, the German invasion of the Soviet Union, on 22 June 1941.	Italian participation in the Eastern Front	1941
inception	The International University in Moscow was established in 1991 by Mikhail Gorbachev and President George H. W. Bush, and was the first private university in Russia.	International University in Moscow	1991
inception	Initially created as the Resettlement Administration (RA) in 1935 as part of the New Deal in the United States, the Farm Security Administration (FSA) was an effort during the Depression to combat American rural poverty.	Farm Security Administration	1935
inception	The formation of TVA Sports was first announced at a press event in May 2011, where TVA announced its plans for the network, and some of its launch programming.	TVA Sports	2011
inception	Vigil Games was founded in 2005 by Joe Madureira, David Adams, Marvin Donald and Ryan Stefanelli.	Vigil Games	2005
inception	Sarah Lawrence College was established by real-estate mogul William Van Duzer Lawrence, 1842-1927, on the grounds of his estate in Westchester County and was named in honor of his wife, Sarah Bates Lawrence, 1846-1926.	Sarah Lawrence College	1926
inception	On May 31, 2002, Goodrich Corporation (now UTC Aerospace Systems) spun off its Engineered Industrial Products business segment into a new company, named EnPro Industries, Inc. The spinoff consisted of businesses that were originally owned by Coltec Industries, which had been purchased by Goodrich in 1998.	EnPro Industries	2002
inception	The International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival was founded in 1994 by Ian Smith and his son Neil and is held every summer in England.	International Gilbert and Sullivan Festival	1994
inception	Alpha & Omega Recording began in 1986, in Studio C at San Francisco's Hyde Street Studios, which Pearlman leased until 1991 from the studio's owner, Dan Alexander.	Alpha & Omega Recording	1986
inception	Sageworks was founded in 1998 by computer programmer, Sarah Tourville and serial entrepreneur, Brian Hamilton.	Sageworks	1998
inception	In 2001 MCR was granted a permanent full-time license, which came with a name change to 2MCR.	2MCR	2001
inception	Institute for Global Maritime Studies, also known as IGMS (established in 2008) is a maritime studies non-profit organization dedicated to policy-oriented education and research.	Institute for Global Maritime Studies	2008
inception	Wing Bowl is an annual eating contest founded in 1993 by Philadelphia talk-radio hosts Angelo Cataldi and Al Morganti.	Wing Bowl	1993
inception	Riddlin' Kids won ``Best Alternative Rock/Punk Band'' at the 2001-2002 Austin Music Awards.	Riddlin' Kids	2001
inception	The Aditya Birla Public School, Rehla was founded in 1987 as Shiksha Niketan, and renamed The Aditya Birla Public School in April, 2002.	Aditya Birla Public School, Rehla	1987
inception	In October 2010, Guardian Media Entertainment, was formed by SLG Entertainment and NHL Enterprises, created hockey-themed superheroes called ``Guardians'' for each of the 30 teams in the National Hockey League.	Guardian Media Entertainment	2010
inception	In 2006 Erlend Gjerde joined Indie Recordings and Indie Distribution and together they developed the label from being a ``hobby project'', into one of the leading independent record labels in Scandinavia, releasing gold-record status albums with bands like Kvelertak and Satyricon.	Indie Recordings	2006
inception	Krabathor is a death metal band from Uherské Hradiště, Czech Republic that was founded by Christopher in 1984.	Krabathor	1984
inception	The Pin Up Girls are a girl group and dance troupe, founded by New York native Vixen Romeo in 2005, which began as a burlesque-style performance group based in Los Angeles.	The Pin Up Girls	2005
inception	The origin of the name ``Painface'' was as the title of a song Rouw had written in 1992 while in a band named ``Pull My Finger'' (later shortened to just ``Pull'') with Rouw on vocals, Patrick Neuwirth on guitar, Paul Gray on bass and Shawn Crahan on drums.	Painface	1992
inception	Formed by Simon Stone and Nicholas Broten in 1995, Fonda 500 have been releasing albums since 2000.	Fonda 500	1995
inception	FC Sibiu was a Romanian professional football club from Sibiu, Sibiu county, founded in 2003 and dissolved in 2007.	FC Sibiu	2003
inception	G4S has its origins in a guarding business founded in Copenhagen in 1901 by Marius Hogrefe, originally known as Kjøbenhavn Frederiksberg Nattevagt (which translates as Copenhagen and Frederiksberg Night Watch) and subsequently renamed Falck.	G4S	1901
inception	Eurazeo is a French investment company formed via the acquisition of Azeo by Eurafrance in April 2001.	Eurazeo	2001
inception	Upon the award of Charter by the President on March 2013, the University College was renamed University of Eldoret.	University of Eldoret	2013
inception	The GPA was founded in 1990 by Constable James Bradley as LAGPA (Lesbian And Gay Police Association), and represented (it has since disbanded) the needs and interests of gay and bisexual police officers and police staff in the United Kingdom.	Gay Police Association	1990
inception	Daytona Motorsport was founded in 1990 by Charles Graham, the CEO of the Daytona Group Along with a group of senior directors, his brother Jim Graham, helps running the company, and primarily the TW Steel DMAX Championship, as Marketing Director.	Daytona Motorsport	1990
inception	Again on 28th Nov 2014 G K Vasan revived Tamil Maanila Congress (TMC(M)) after breaking away from Indian National Congress on 3rd Nov 2014 protesting the party's Working Committee was acting against the interests of the Tamil Nadu Congress Committee and Indian National Congress not having strong stands on Tamil Nadu issues.	Tamil Maanila Congress	2014
inception	Cancer Research UK is a cancer research and awareness charity in the United Kingdom, formed on 4 February 2002 by the merger of The Cancer Research Campaign and the Imperial Cancer Research Fund.	Cancer Research UK	4 February 2002
inception	On August 17, 2002, the Holy Land Experience Scriptorium museum opened.	Holy Land Experience	2002
inception	Warkauden Pallo -35 (WP 35) is a sports club in Varkaus in Finland, founded in 1935.	Warkauden Pallo -35	1935
inception	Paulista Futebol Clube, or Paulista as they are usually called, is a Brazilian football team from Jundiaí, in São Paulo, founded on May 17, 1909.	Paulista Futebol Clube	1909
inception	The Northern Ontario Railroad Museum & Heritage Centre was incorporated as a non-profit organization in 1993.	Northern Ontario Railroad Museum	1993
inception	ROKPA International is an international humanitarian organisation founded in 1980 by Akong Tulku Rinpoche, Lea Wyler and Dr. V. Wyler which operates principally in Nepal and Tibet.	ROKPA International	1980
inception	The Tombstone Western Film Festival and Symposium founded in 2001 is held in July in Tombstone, Arizona, a historic western mining town (and later ghost town) in the USA celebrated in western films as the site of the legendary Gunfight at the O.K. Corral between Wyatt Earp and the Clantons and McLaurys.	Tombstone Western Film Festival and Symposium	2001
inception	The Transfer Act of 1905 transferred the management of forest reserves from the General Land Office of the Interior Department to the Bureau of Forestry, henceforth known as the United States Forest Service.	United States Forest Service	1905
inception	Vertu Motors PLC is a UK based car dealership group established in 2006.	Vertu Motors	2006
inception	The Main Street Museum was founded in 1992 by David Fairbanks Ford in an area of White River Junction, known as The Old South End.	Main Street Museum	1992
inception	Corrigon is a visual search company that was founded in 2007 by Einav Itamar and Avinoam Omer.	Corrigon	2007
inception	Wengo was founded in September 2004, launching its service at the beginning of 2005 based on what is now known as the ``WengoPhone, classic edition''.	Wengo	September 2004
inception	Collège Boréal, which began operations in 1995, is a postsecondary institution in which students are offered technical programs helping them gain access to a bilingual labour market.	Collège Boréal	1995
inception	Hailing from Perth, Western Australia, The Kryptonics were a tough, melodic pop punk outfit that existed between 1985 and 1992.	Kryptonics	1985
inception	The Knoxville Speed was a UHL team which played from 1999-2002 in Knoxville, Tennessee with home ice at the James White Civic Coliseum.	Knoxville Speed	1999
inception	The club was established in December 1906 as Fuβball-Club Germania Brötzingen.	Germania Brötzingen	1906
inception	Tilichiki was established in 1898, and in 1930 it became the administrative center of the district.	Tilichiki	1898
inception	Casa de Dios was founded on September 11, 1994 by Pastor Carlos ``Cash'' Luna and his wife Sonia Luna.	Casa de Dios	1994
inception	WorshipMob are an American worship music collective from Colorado Springs, Colorado, and they were formed on March 15, 2011 by co-leaders, Garrett Chynoweth and Sean Mulholland.	WorshipMob	2011
inception	The Max Planck Institute for European Legal History (German: Max-Planck-Institut für europäische Rechtsgeschichte) was founded in 1964 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Max Planck Institute for European Legal History	1964
inception	The Upper Deck Company, LLC (colloquially as Upper Deck and Upper Deck Authenticated, Ltd. in the UK), founded in 1988, is a private company primarily known for producing trading cards.	Upper Deck Company	1988
inception	The Midi Music Awards, also called Midi Rock Music Awards or simply Midi Awards (Chinese: 中国摇滚迷笛奖) are an annual awards presented by the Beijing Midi School of Music since 2009.	Midi Music Awards	2009
inception	The Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea (PEFTOK) (Filipino: Puwersang Expedisyonarya ng Pilipinas sa Korea or PEPK/Puwersang Pinadala ng Pilipinas sa Korea or PPPK) was the Philippine Army contingent of the United Nations forces that fought in the Korean War (1950--1953).	Philippine Expeditionary Forces to Korea	1950
inception	Allied Van Lines is an American moving company founded in 1928 as a cooperative non-profit organization owned by its member agents on the east coast of the United States, to help with organizing return loads and minimizing dead-heading (i.e. operating trucks without shipments loaded on them).	Allied Van Lines	1928
inception	Aparté is a French classical music record label founded in 2010 by Nicolas Bartholomée, director of Little Tribeca recording studios.	Aparté	2010
inception	RAK Airways was founded in 2006 and launched operations in early 2007.	RAK Airways	2007
inception	U.S. Open Track and Field was the name of the first top level indoor track and field meet in 2012.	U.S. Open Track and Field	2012
inception	Fuel 2000 is an independent record label, formed in 1994 as part of the Fuel Label Group.	Fuel 2000	1994
inception	The Louisiana Gators were slated to be a team in the Women's Football Alliance based in Shreveport, Louisiana for the 2011 season.	Louisiana Gators	2011
inception	Zodiac Aerospace is a French aerospace Group founded in 1896 that supplies systems and equipment for aircraft.	Zodiac Aerospace	1896
inception	The city of Seacouver was founded in 1793.	Seacouver	1793
inception	The Millard School was a military preparatory school founded in 1953 in Langlois, Oregon by Colonel Homer Millard and his wife, Ester.	Millard School	1953
inception	School friends Joe McGuigan (bass guitar) and Philly Byrne (vocals) formed Gama Bomb with the guitarist Luke Graham in Newry in 2002 and soon built up a small but loyal following which they consolidated with a rigorous touring schedule and frequent forays into self-released recording.	Gama Bomb	2002
inception	Conducting from the Grave was an American melodic death metal/deathcore band, formed in 2003 in Sacramento.	Conducting from the Grave	2003
inception	The London Residuary Body was a body set up in 1985 to dispose of the assets of the Greater London Council after the council's abolition in 1986.	London Residuary Body	1985
inception	On May 29, 1885, the king named his new colony the Congo Free State.	Congo Free State	1885
inception	The Poverty Plainsmen is a Saskatchewan-based country music band, originating in smalltown Tilston, Manitoba by brothers Sean Smith and Mark Smith in October 1987.	The Poverty Plainsmen	1987
inception	Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (TANUVAS) is a veterinary university founded in 1989 in Madhavaram Milk Colony, Chennai, India.	Tamil Nadu Veterinary and Animal Sciences University	1989
inception	Clark Beaumont (Sarah Clark and Nicole Beaumont) are an artistic collaborative duo who formed in 2010, and currently live and work in Brisbane, Australia.	Clark Beaumont	2010
inception	Fire Party were a band from Washington, D.C. They were together from the autumn of 1986 to the spring of 1990.	Fire Party	1986
inception	St. Ann's School, Ahmedabad (Bopal) began in 1987, under the vision of Mr. Rajendra Shukla who started the school with 5 students.	St. Ann's School, Ahmedabad	1987
inception	Kik Tracee was a 1990s glam metal band formed in Los Angeles, California in 1988, during the last years of the glam metal movement, before the influx of grunge and alternative rock.	Kik Tracee	1988
inception	The station was assigned the call sign KLQQ on June 6, 2006.	KLQQ	2006
inception	KSTE first signed on in 1996, relatively late in AM broadcasting.	KSTE	1996
inception	The O'Reilly Auto Parts 300 is a NASCAR Xfinity Series race that takes place each spring at Texas Motor Speedway, and was first held in 1997.	O'Reilly Auto Parts 300	1997
inception	The Portrait of Philip IV in Fraga is a portrait of Philip IV of Spain painted in June 1644 by Velázquez.	Portrait of Philip IV in Fraga	1644
inception	Established in 1999 by sister and brother team, Adele and Barry Laden MBE, the model for The Laden Showroom is founded on social entrepreneurial principles, where designers rent low-cost space to display and sell their products without being tied to contract.	The Laden Showroom	1999
inception	I Musici (pronounced (iˈmuːzitʃi)), also known as I Musici di Roma, is an Italian chamber orchestra from Rome formed in 1951.	I Musici	1951
inception	Crescent Air Cargo was incorporated as a Private Limited Company in January 2002, with its registered office at Chennai, though flight operations only began in 2004.	Crescent Air Cargo	2004
inception	Since 1984, Corsair Marine has sold more than 1,700 trimarans.	Corsair Marine	1984
inception	Rusted Root (1990) Rusted Root (1992) Live (1995) Evil Ways (1996) Airplane (1998)	Rusted Root	1990
inception	The Santa Monica College of Design, Art and Architecture existed in Santa Monica, California from 1990 until 2000.	Santa Monica College of Design, Art and Architecture	1990
inception	KSVI went on the air January 8, 1993 under the ownership of Big Horn Communications.	KSVI	1993
inception	The Trans-European Transport Network Executive Agency (TEN-T EA) was an executive agency established by the European Commission in October 2006 in order to realise the technical and financial implementation of the TEN-T programme.	Trans-European Transport Network Executive Agency	2006
inception	Solbus is a Polish bus manufacturer founded in 2001 in Solec Kujawski.	Solbus	2001
inception	The Hot Springs Bathers were a Cotton States League baseball team based in Hot Springs, Arkansas that played from 1938 to 1941 and from 1947 to 1955.	Hot Springs Bathers	1955
inception	Formed as Geometrics in November 2008 with new members Aidan Ward & Lindsay Banks (formally of 'The Homewreckers Club').	Geometrics	2008
inception	The Jadu (더 자두) was South Korean modern rock band that performed from 2001 to 2008.	The Jadu	2001
inception	The Marrakech International Film Festival (FIFM) (French : Festival International du Film de Marrakech, Arabic: المهرجان الدولي للفيلم بمراكش‎, Amazigh ⴰⵏⵎⵓⴳⴳⴰⵔ ⴰⴳⵔⴰⵖⵍⴰⵏ ⵏ ⵍⴼⵉⵍⵎ ⴳ ⵎⵕⵕⴰⴽⵛ ) is an international film festival founded in 2001 and held annually in Marrakech, Morocco.	Marrakech International Film Festival	2001
inception	In October 2011, home automation company Vivint, Inc. started and incorporated a new, solar division of the company, Vivint Solar.	Vivint Solar	October 2011
inception	The Hamilton Bulldogs are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League that began to play in the 2015--16 season.	Hamilton Bulldogs	2015
inception	The Lady Lever Art Gallery is a museum founded and built by the industrialist and philanthropist William Lever, 1st Viscount Leverhulme and opened in 1922.	Lady Lever Art Gallery	1922
inception	Malek Fahd Islamic School was opened in October 1989 with one campus in Greenacre.	Malek Fahd Islamic School	1989
inception	FV Speyer was formed in 1919, originally as the football department of local gymnastics club Turnverein Speyer, but soon as an independent entity.	FV Speyer	1919
inception	302 Acid is a music group from Washington, D.C., USA, formed by Doug Kallmeyer and Justin Mader in 2002.	302 Acid	2002
inception	Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines (RTLMC) was a Rwandan radio station which broadcast from July 8, 1993 to July 31, 1994.	Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines	1993
inception	Inspection Medical Hermeneutics (Инспекция Медицинская Герменевтика) was a pioneering artists'' collective formed in December 1987 in a squat in Furman Lane in Moscow.	Inspection Medical Hermeneutics	1987
inception	Rykä was founded in 1987 by Sheri Poe, who wanted to design a better-fitting athletic shoe for women.	Rykä	1987
inception	The Saw Doctors rose to gain national attention during 1987 and 1988 as they toured in support of popular Irish bands such as the Hothouse Flowers and The Stunning.	The Saw Doctors	1987
inception	Toe to Toe formed in 1992 by vocalist and Resist Records founder, Scott Mac, who remains the band's only original member.	Toe to Toe	1992
inception	The Vulcan Award of the Technical Artist (French: Prix Vulcain de l’Artiste Technicien) is an independent film award created in 2003.	Vulcan Award	2003
inception	Their debut album, Sepalcure, was released in 2011 on the Hotflush Recordings label.	Sepalcure	2011
inception	The Molten Division III Men's Invitational Volleyball Championship Tournament was a championship event for NCAA Division III men's volleyball, founded in 1997 and operating through 2011.	Molten Division III Men's Invitational Volleyball Championship Tournament	1997
inception	Hooters, Inc. was incorporated in Clearwater, Florida, on April 1, 1983, by six Clearwater businessmen:	Hooters	1983
inception	The band formed in 1994 under the moniker Flowing Tears & Withered Flowers.	Flowing Tears	1994
inception	Zambia Skyways started flying, as Eastern Air, in 1993.	Zambia Skyways	1993
inception	Freedom Air was Air New Zealand Group's low-cost airline which operated from December 1995 to March 2008.	Freedom Air	1995
inception	The Upper Midwest Preparedness and Emergency Response Learning Center (UMPERLC), established in May 2001 as the Iowa Center for Public Health Preparedness is a public health center at the University of Iowa College of Public Health.	Upper Midwest Preparedness and Emergency Response Learning Center	2001
inception	1935-1939 National Pedagogical Institute 1939-1992 Vilnius Pedagogical Institute 1992-2011 Vilnius Pedagogical University Since 2011 Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences	Lithuanian University of Educational Sciences	1935
inception	Slow Club are an English duo formed in Sheffield in 2006.	Slow Club	2006
inception	Thai AirAsia X launched its first destination to Seoul-Incheon on 17 June 2014 followed by Osaka-Kansai and Tokyo-Narita on 1 September 2014.	Thai AirAsia X	2014
inception	The Changcuters is an Indonesian rock and roll band formed in 2005 in Bandung.	The Changcuters	2005
inception	Sun Rise English School was established in 1987 by Mr. Dinanath Duwadi, in his own home in Bharatpur-06, Krishnapur, Chitwan, NEPAL.	Sun Rise English School	1987
inception	Memorain is a speed/thrash metal band from Greece, formed by guitarist/vocalist Ilias Papadakis in 1999.	Memorain	1999
inception	Peter Bjorn and John are a Swedish indie pop/rock band, formed in Stockholm in 1999 and named after the first names of the band's members:	Peter Bjorn and John	1999
inception	They met at one of Rietsch's gigs and collaborated to form Camo & Krooked in 2007.	Camo & Krooked	2007
inception	Justice List (in Swedish: Rättviselistan) was an alliance formed in Sweden in June 1995, ahead of the European Parliament elections.	Justice List	1995
inception	Studio 23 was officially launched on October 12, 1996, but as a timeshare with MTV Asia aired during the daytime, with Studio 23 programming taking over in the primetime hours.	Studio 23	1996
inception	The new line-up became Secret and Whisper on February 24, 2007.	Secret and Whisper	2007
inception	The company changed its name to Global Supply Systems Limited on 31 January 2001, and started operations on 29 June 2002.	Global Supply Systems	2001
inception	Atom Seed were formed in early 1989 by former Zoodoll guitarist Simon James' and bassist Chris Huxter's meeting with singer Paul Cunningham and Iranian drummer, Amir.	Atom Seed	1989
inception	Trump Shuttle, Inc., doing business as Trump Airlines, was an airline owned by Donald Trump from 1989 to 1992.	Trump Shuttle	1989
inception	School of Seven Bells (often stylized as SVIIB) is an American indie rock band from New York City, formed in 2007.	School of Seven Bells	2007
inception	Parabelle ('para' meaning 'to resemble; 'belle' meaning 'beauty' in French) is a rock band that initially formed in 2007 as a side project by Kevin Matisyn, the former lead singer of Evans Blue, and Kenneth Nixon of Framing Hanley.	Parabelle	2007
inception	Joytv was formerly a television system formed in September 2008, comprising two religious independent stations acquired from Rogers Media by S-VOX.	Joytv	2008
inception	The story of Triggertrap started in July 2011, when Haje Jan Kamps started a Kickstarter campaign aiming to raise support for a new type of camera trigger.	Triggertrap	2011
inception	In response to the Stockholm Appeal, Jean-Paul David, then Radical Socialist Party deputy mayor of Mantes-la-Jolie and later Secretary General of the Rally of Republican Lefts, created Paix et Liberté in 1950, to counter the activities of the French Communist Party.	Paix et Liberté	1950
inception	Established in 1950, Dornbracht is known for offering high quality craftsmanship and design.	Dornbracht	1950
inception	The Serbian Radical Party (SRS) was formed on 23 February 1991 by the merger of Vojislav Šešelj's Serbian Chetnik Movement (SČP) and the National Radical Party (NRS).	Serbian Radical Party	23 February 1991
inception	The Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI) is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization founded in 2001 by Ted Turner and Sam Nunn in the United States, which exists to strengthen global security by reducing the spread of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons, and also to reduce the risk that they will actually be used.	Nuclear Threat Initiative	2001
inception	Cermaq was founded as Statkorn Holding when the commercial division of Statens Kornforretning (now Statens Landbruksforvaltning) was demerged and made a limited company in 1995.	Cermaq	1995
inception	It was originally built as a cargo station until the reconstruction of Ningbo Railway Station when Ningbo East Railway Station opened to passengers on 8 September 2010.	Ningbo East Railway Station	2010
inception	Educational Testing Service (ETS), founded in 1947, is the world's largest private nonprofit educational testing and assessment organization.	Educational Testing Service	1947
inception	The Salpa Line Museum (in Finnish: Salpalinja-museo in Russian: Музей линии ``Салпа'') is established and opened in 1987 by the Miehikkälä municipality and the second world war veteran organisations.	Salpa Line Museum	1987
inception	Physicians for Life was founded in 1986, and has produced a series of pro-life brochures, booklets, and digests which are distributed throughout the United States and internationally.	Physicians for Life	1986
inception	From 25 July 1806, when the Confederation of the Rhine was founded, the Prince of Liechtenstein was a member, in fact a vassal, of its hegemon, styled protector, the French Emperor Napoleon I, until the dissolution of the confederation on 19 October 1813.	Liechtenstein	1806
inception	El Café Chorale belongs to the Costa Rican Choral Institute and was founded in 1994, established as one of the most distinguished and worthy Choral Ensembles in all the Country.	El Café Chorale	1994
inception	Gărâna Jazz Festival takes place every year since 1997 in the Gărâna Village (150 km by car from Timişoara airport, 20 minutes by car from Reşiţa train station).	Gărâna Jazz Festival	1997
inception	JMG Academy was established in 2002 following a disagreement between Guillou and ASEC over control of the Academy.	JMG Academy	2002
inception	The Alliance of the Presidential Majority (French: Alliance pour la majorité présidentielle, AMP) is a political alliance formed by supporters of President-elect Joseph Kabila following the 2006 general elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Alliance of the Presidential Majority	2006
inception	Pentax K-01 is a mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera announced in February 2012.	Pentax K-01	2012
inception	Project Advance (PA) was formed in 1972 to provide more challenging options to college-bound junior and senior level students in local Syracuse high schools.	Project Advance	1972
inception	Known colloquially to students as the 7Cs--or the 5Cs, when referring only to the undergraduate institutions--the Claremont Colleges were founded in 1925 when the all-graduate Claremont University College (now Claremont Graduate University) was established in addition to the older all-undergraduate Pomona College.	Claremont Colleges	1925
inception	The Lebanese British Friends of the National Museum or LBFNM is a private, cultural heritage organization that was founded in London in 1993 with the aim of supporting the National Museum of Beirut.	Lebanese British Friends of the National Museum	1993
inception	The Winnipeg Art Gallery (WAG) is a public art gallery that was founded in 1912.	Winnipeg Art Gallery	1912
inception	The Halachic Organ Donor Society, also known as the HOD Society, was started in December 2001 by Robert Berman.	Halachic Organ Donor Society	2001
inception	The Medical Women's International Association is a non-governmental organization founded in 1919 with the purpose of representing female physicians worldwide.	Medical Women's International Association	1919
inception	Rogers & Wells was a New-York based international law firm founded in 1873.	Rogers & Wells	1873
inception	After the test broadcast on election day over the internet, May 10, 2010, The Inquirer Group acquired the block time (but ended when Inquirer fully acquire Trans Radio) of DWRT-AM 990 kHz and changed its call sign to DZIQ, branded as Radyo Inquirer.	DZIQ	2010
inception	The Audi Channel was a digital satellite television channel, launched in the UK in 2005 by the German car company Audi.	Audi Channel	2005
inception	Hot Snakes are an American post-hardcore band led by Rick Froberg and John Reis, formed in 1999 in San Diego, California.	Hot Snakes	1999
inception	In 1892, the brand Poggenpohl was established as a white lacquer furniture company founded by Freidemir Poggenpohl.	Poggenpohl	1892
inception	Sun Direct TV was registered on 16 February 2005.	Sun Direct	2005
inception	M3 Motorsport was an Australian motor racing team that competed in Australian touring car racing between 1989 and 2003.	M3 Motorsport	1989
inception	Adnan Menderes University (In Turkish: Adnan Menderes Üniversitesi) was founded in Aydın, Turkey in 1992.	Adnan Menderes University	1992
inception	Pyra Labs was the company that created the Blogger service in 1999.	Pyra Labs	1999
inception	What is now WXXV-DT3 began its life on September 21, 1998 as ``WBGP'' (standing for The WB GulfPort), a cable-only affiliate of The WB through the national WB 100+ service.	WXXV-DT3	1998
inception	It was founded there in 1895 by Hugo Junkers, initially manufacturing boilers and radiators.	Junkers	1895
inception	The Philadelphia Society for the Preservation of Landmarks (aka Landmarks) founded in 1931, maintains and preserves four historic house museums in the region around Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	Philadelphia Society for the Preservation of Landmarks	1931
inception	The Asian Community Development Corporation (ACDC) is a 501(c)(3) community development organization founded in 1987 with a focus on serving the Asian American community of Greater Boston.	Asian Community Development Corporation	1987
inception	From 1961-1990, the winner of Miss Scotland would go on to compete at the Miss Universe pageant, usually held in the summer.	Miss Scotland	1961
inception	Mo Boma was an ambient music ensemble from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 1989 by Skúli Sverrisson and Carsten Tiedemann.	Mo Boma	1989
inception	The Hongkong and Shanghai Bank was established in Hong Kong in 1865 and was incorporated as The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation in 1866, when Hong Kong had been in those times a colony within the British Empire, and has been based in Hong Kong (although now as a subsidiary) ever since.	The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation	1865
inception	OLE Nepal has been working since 2007 to use innovations in technology to improve education quality and access in rural public schools in the country with the belief that inexpensive computers are in the long-term the most cost-effective medium for increasing access to education for Nepali children.	OLE Nepal	2007
inception	Invitation Digital Ltd was set up in 2008 to deliver digital incentive promotions and loyalty schemes across Europe.	Invitation Digital	2008
inception	Upon This Dawning are an Italian metalcore/post-hardcore band from Brescia, founded in 2006.	Upon This Dawning	2006
inception	LED Eco Lights was founded in 2006 by directors, Waq Bhatti and Saima Shafi, who had a passion to provide simple, energy-efficient, retrofit solutions to traditional lighting.	LED Eco Lights	2006
inception	BankBoston was a bank based in Boston, Massachusetts, which was created by the 1996 merger of Bank of Boston and BayBank.	BankBoston	1996
inception	In 2002, the joint venture SAIC-GM-Wuling was formed, with SAIC taking 50.1% of the shares, GM 34%, and Wuling Group 15.9%.	SAIC-GM-Wuling	2002
inception	Parada Równości (Polish, ``Equality Parade'') is an LGBT community pride parade held in Warsaw since 2001, usually in May or June.	Parada Równości	2001
inception	De Kift is a Dutch musical ensemble that was formed in 1988.	De Kift	1988
inception	Harry Pussy was a noise rock band from Miami, active from 1992 to 1997.	Harry Pussy	1992
inception	The Thanthai Periyar Government Institute of Technology (TPGIT) (Tamil: தந்தை பெரியார் அரசு பொறியியற் கல்லூரி) in Bagayam, Vellore was established in July 1990 and is one of the six Government Engineering colleges fully governed by the Directorate of Technical Education (DOTE) of the Government of Tamil Nadu.	Thanthai Periyar Government Institute of Technology	1990
inception	Teflon Brothers released their first single ``Matkal kotiin'' in 2006.	Teflon Brothers	2006
inception	Blue Eyed Devils was a white power music group which emerged from Delaware, United States in 1995, and played its last show in 2003.	Blue Eyed Devils	1995
inception	The New Democratic Forces (French: Forces démocratiques nouvelles) was a political party in Congo-Brazzaville from 2007 to 2011.	New Democratic Forces	2007
inception	Imparja Television is an Australian television network servicing remote eastern and central Australia, that began broadcasting on 2 January 1988.	Imparja Television	1988
inception	Screaming Trees was an American rock band formed in Ellensburg, Washington in 1985 by vocalist Mark Lanegan, guitarist Gary Lee Conner, bass player Van Conner and drummer Mark Pickerel.	Screaming Trees	1985
inception	Repertorio Español was founded in 1968 by Producer Gilberto Zaldívar and Artistic Director René Buch to introduce the best of Latin American, Spanish, and Hispanic American theater to broad-ranging audiences in New York City and around the country.	Repertorio Español	1968
inception	Earlier called Batanes airlines, Air Republiq commenced operations in 2011 as an arm of South Phoenix Airlines to cater the Islands of Batanes linking them to different major cities of Luzon.	Air Republiq	2011
inception	Prairielands Council (previously Illiana Council) is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America formed in 1991 by the merger of Arrowhead and Piankeshaw Councils.	Prairielands Council	1991
inception	Me First and the Gimme Gimmes (often shortened to just ``Me First'' or ``The Gimmes'') are a punk rock supergroup and cover band that formed in San Francisco in 1995.	Me First and the Gimme Gimmes	1995
inception	It emerged, in January 1987, from the split in the Communist Party of Greece (Interior) into the Communist Party of Greece (Interior)-Renewing Left and the Greek Left.	Greek Left	1987
inception	Founded in 2003, RV Public School started with 70 students, it now has a student strength of over 750.	RV Public School	2003
inception	The Prodigals is an American punk band that started in 1997.	The Prodigals	1997
inception	Ken Rawlings, the founder of Otis Spunkmeyer, Inc., opened the first fresh-baked cookie store in Oakland, California in 1977.	Otis Spunkmeyer	1977
inception	The Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre (Eesti Muusika- ja Teatriakadeemia) began in the form of a mixed choir of the Estonia Society Musical Department (EMD) on the eve of World War I. The assembly of the Estonia Society created the Tallinn Higher Music School on November 17, 1918.	Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre	1918
inception	In a 2007 interview, Tom Morello remarked that he formed Axis of Justice with Serj Tankian after witnessing some members of the audience at Ozzfest 2002 promoting racist symbols and imagery.	Axis of Justice	2002
inception	Venetian Independence (IV) was officially founded on 27 May 2012 in Treviso.	Venetian Independence	27 May 2012
inception	In 1995 the Commission for Higher Education made an inspection visit of the project, and later in June 1997 granted a Letter of Interim Authority, giving approval for the establishment of Kenya Methodist University.	Kenya Methodist University	1997
inception	EvilleCon started in 2009 as a one-day free anime convention created by Otona no Otaku and Otaku Anonymous anime and manga clubs at the Evansville Central Library.	EvilleCon	2009
inception	GKS Górnik 1979 Łęczna was a short-lived fan-owned phoenix club founded in 2011 by Górnik Łęczna fans who were unhappy with the name change to GKS Bogdanka.	GKS Górnik 1979 Łęczna	2011
inception	The MTV Europe Foundation was established in 2003 by MTV Networks Europe to expand its commitment to social issues and human rights.	MTV Europe Foundation	2003
inception	In 1994, the first Jittery Joe's opened in downtown Athens, Georgia, near the famed 40 Watt Club.	Jittery Joe's	1994
inception	Those Darn Accordions, commonly abbreviated as TDA, are an American accordion band from San Francisco, California, originally formed in 1989 by Linda ``Big Lou'' Seekins.	Those Darn Accordions	1989
inception	The University of Vocational Technology (UNIVOTEC) Sinhalese: වෘත්තීය තාක්ෂණ විශ්වවිද්‍යාලය , Tamil: வாழ்க்கைத் தொழில்சார் தொழில்நுட்பவியல் பல்கலைக்கழகம் is established by the parliamentary Act No. 31 of 2008, in 2009 and functions under the purview of the Ministry of Higher Education.	University of Vocational Technology	2009
inception	The Global Student Entrepreneur Awards (GSEA) is an international competition series established in 1998 which recognizes excellence among student entrepreneurs who own for-profit businesses while attending high-school or college.	Global Student Entrepreneur Awards	1998
inception	Lendakaris Muertos are a punk rock band formed in Pamplona, Spain in 2004.	Lendakaris Muertos	2004
inception	Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe opened in 2002 in Emeryville, CA with a second location in Uptown Oakland near the Fox Oakland Theatre since 2011.	Rudy's Can't Fail Cafe	2002
inception	Bahawalpur Zoo (Urdu: بہاولپور چڑیاگھر‎), established in 1942, is a 25-acre (10 ha) zoological garden in Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.	Bahawalpur Zoo	1942
inception	In 1996, Otologics LLC was founded in Boulder, Colorado by Jose Bedoya.	Otologics	1996
inception	The Turtle Island Quartet (known as the ``Turtle Island String Quartet'' before the 2007 release of A Love Supreme: The Legacy of John Coltrane) is a San Francisco Bay Area based jazz string quartet formed in 1985 and still actively touring worldwide and recording as of 2015.	Turtle Island Quartet	1985
inception	Alphawest can trace its roots back to 1986 when Edcom Pty Ltd commenced operations in Perth specialising in sales and support of personal computers.	Alphawest	1986
inception	Bored! were an Australian punk rock band which formed in Geelong in 1987.	Bored!	1987
inception	Metal Heaven is an independent record label based in Altheim, Germany, established in 2004 as a sub-label of AOR Heaven.	Metal Heaven	2004
inception	The Order of Pope Pius IX (Italian: Ordine di Pio IX), also referred as the Pian Order (Italian: Ordine Piano), is a papal order of knighthood founded on 17 June 1847 by Pope Pius IX. Since November 1993, it has been granted to women.	Order of Pope Pius IX	17 June 1847
inception	The Bad Dog Theatre Company is an improvisational theatre company based in Toronto, Canada, and established in 2003.	The Bad Dog Theatre Company	2003
inception	The Economic and Social Data Service (ESDS) is a national data archiving and dissemination service that was founded in January 2003.	Economic and Social Data Service	2003
inception	SM City Davao, the first SM Mall in the Mindanao region, opened to the public on November 17, 2001.	SM City Davao	2001
inception	On April 3, 2012, Frank Torres, on behalf of a corporation to be incorporated, received approval from the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to operate CIUX-FM.	CIUX-FM	2012
inception	Clans of Ireland (Irish: Finte na hÉireann) is an independent organisation established in 1989 with the purpose of creating and maintaining a Register of Irish Clans.	Clans of Ireland	1989
inception	Founded in 1953, Skånes Djurpark is operated as a foundation.	Skånes Djurpark	1953
inception	Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West (German: Patriotische Europäer gegen die Islamisierung des Abendlandes), abbreviated PEGIDA or Pegida, is a right wing movement, founded in Dresden in October 2014 that promotes anti-Muslim political positions.	Pegida	October 2014
inception	Air Mauritanie was the national airline of Mauritania from 1962 until it ceased operations in 2007 due to financial difficulties.	Air Mauritanie	1962
inception	Ten Ways (formerly Ten Ways from Sunday) is a Canadian progressive rock band formed in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia in 2001, and based in nearby Coquitlam.	Ten Ways	2001
inception	In 1966 AMC went bankrupt and were taken over by Manganese Bronze Holdings which formed Norton-Villiers to oversee operations.	Norton-Villiers	1966
inception	Mattress Giant Corporation was an American retailing company and mattress store chain founded in 1986 in Miami, Florida.	Mattress Giant	1986
inception	Calico System was formed by group of friends in the fall of 1998.	Calico System	1998
inception	Ryder was founded in Miami, Florida in 1933 by James Ryder as a concrete hauling company with one truck, a 1931 Model ``A'' Ford.	Ryder	1933
inception	Powerwolf is a German power metal band created in 2003 by Charles and Matthew Greywolf.	Powerwolf	2003
inception	ZUK Mobile is a Chinese internet smartphone company founded in May 2015.	ZUK Mobile	2015
inception	The Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers (ALPO or A.L.P.O.) is an international scientific and educational organization established in March, 1947 in the United States by Walter H. Haas, and later incorporated in 1990.	Association of Lunar and Planetary Observers	1947
inception	Built by the main Swedish film producer at the time, Svensk Filmindustri, in 1919--1920, Filmstaden was one of the most modern film studios in Europe.	Filmstaden	1920
inception	Ahlia University (AU) is a private university in Manama, Bahrain, established in 2001.	Ahlia University	2001
inception	The firm was officially founded as Kurt Salmon Associates (KSA) in 1935 by Kurt Salmon, a German immigrant from Cologne.	Kurt Salmon	1935
inception	The South Sydney Development Corporation was an agency of the NSW Government operating from 1996 until its abolition in 2005.	South Sydney Development Corporation	1996
inception	Stage Door Records is a UK-based label founded in 2007 that specializes in cast recordings and vocalist albums from stars of stage and screen.	Stage Door Records	2007
inception	The Front Deutscher Äpfel (short F.D.Ä.; German for Front of German Apples), also called Apfelfront (Apple Front) is a satirical organisation, founded in Leipzig in 2004.	Front Deutscher Äpfel	2004
inception	Being as an Ocean is an American melodic hardcore band from Alpine, California, formed in 2011.	Being as an Ocean	2011
inception	The Seattle Chamber Players are a chamber ensemble focused on contemporary music, founded in 1989 in Seattle, Washington, U.S. In January 2004, the group was awarded the ASCAP/Chamber Music America Award for Adventurous Programming.	Seattle Chamber Players	1989
inception	Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company Ltd. is an electricity company that was incorporated on 15 September 2003 by Gujarat Electricity Board (GEB).	Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company	2003
inception	MF Global was the brokerage segment of Man Group until 2007, when the Man Group decided to split the investment and brokerage businesses so they could each focus on their own markets.	MF Global	2007
inception	Associação Portuguesa de Desportos, usually called Portuguesa or Lusa, is a sports club, and a Brazilian football team from São Paulo in São Paulo state, founded on August 14, 1920 by the Portuguese population of the city.	Associação Portuguesa de Desportos	1920
inception	In 2007, Koester formed Two Dark Birds with drummer Jason Mills and guitarist/singer/engineer Don Piper.	Two Dark Birds	2007
inception	Formed in 2011, Midhaven comprises Karan Kaul, Shreyas Rane, Abhishek Sawant and Viraj Saxena.	Midhaven	2011
inception	Mission Pictures International was founded in 2008 by entertainment industry veterans Cindy Bond and Chevonne O'Shaughnessy.	Mission Pictures International	2008
inception	KION Group was founded in 2006 by the demerger of The Linde Group's materials handling equipment operations.	KION Group	2006
inception	The XBIZ Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award that has been given by sex industry company XBIZ since the award's inception in 2012.	XBIZ Award for Best Supporting Actress	2012
inception	The Ovation Awards are a Southern California award for excellence in theatre, established in 1989.	Ovation Awards	1989
inception	The Trussell Trust was founded in 1997, by Paddy and Carol Henderson while working with street children in Bulgaria at Sofia Central Railway Station.	The Trussell Trust	1997
instrument	Gabe Baltazar was first playing music at the age of eleven when he was started on the Eb Clarinet, later he would switch to alto saxophone.	Gabe Baltazar	saxophone
instrument	Initially the band 'Baby Stafford' was composed of Stafford on lead guitar and vocals, Paul Roden (ex-'Wild River Apples') on bass, and fellow former Gun member Scott Shields on drums.	Baby Stafford	guitar
instrument	Since 2014, he has been married to Spanish actress Goya Toledo Craig Ross picked up the guitar at age eight.	Craig Ross	guitar
instrument	Jimmy Byrd (born James Walker Byrd, November 20, 1937) is an American country music musician known for his distinctive style of ``Chicken Pickin'' guitar playing	Jimmy Byrd	guitar
instrument	Nil Lara (born 1964) is a Cuban-American musician from Miami, Florida who is a singer, guitarist and songwriter, playing the tres, the six-stringed Cuban guitar, and the cuatro, a Venezuelan guitar.	Nil Lara	guitar
languages spoken or written	His Old Master pictures, 402 in number, he left to the English nation, but of these the trustees of the National Gallery selected only 44, which have since been exhibited as the Wynne Ellis collection.	Wynne Ellis	English
languages spoken or written	Zheng Yonghui (simplified Chinese: 郑永慧; traditional Chinese: 鄭永慧; pinyin: Zhèng Yǒnghuì; 1918 - 9 September 2012) was a Chinese writer (of Chinese Vietnamese ethnicity) translator who won the Lu Xun Literary Prize, a prestigious literature award in China.	Zheng Yonghui	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Diana Poulton (18 April 1903 -- 15 December 1995) was an English lutenist and musicologist.	Diana Poulton	English
languages spoken or written	Carl Malmsten (December 7, 1888--August 13,1972) was a Swedish furniture designer, architect, and educator who was known for his devotion to traditional Swedish craftmanship (slöjd) and his opposition to functionalism.	Carl Malmsten	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Gerhard Richter (German: (ˈʀɪçtɐ); born 9 February 1932) is a German visual artist and one of the pioneers of the New European Painting that emerged in the second half of the twentieth century.	Gerhard Richter	German
languages spoken or written	Yitzhak Ben-Aharon (Hebrew: יצחק בן אהרון‎;17 July 1906 -- 19 May 2006) was an Israeli left-wing politician.	Yitzhak Ben-Aharon	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Manfred Döring (born 18 November 1932) is a former Major general (Generalmajor) with the East German Ministry for State Security (Stasi).	Manfred Döring	German
languages spoken or written	Gauthami Nair is an Indian film actress, who appears in Malayalam language films.	Gauthami Nair	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Marin Preda (Romanian pronunciation: (maˈrin ˈpreda); 5 August 1922 -- 16 May 1980) was a Romanian novelist, one of the best-known post-WWII Romanian writers.	Marin Preda	Romanian
languages spoken or written	``In his almost 40 years with Pernod Ricard, Thierry Jacquillat helped transform a French family-run business with 1,100 employees into one of the top world leaders in wines and spirits, with nearly 15,000 employees and a presence in nearly 100 countries''	Thierry Jacquillat	French
languages spoken or written	Andreas Gotzmann (born 1960 in Karlsruhe) is a German historian of Judaism and scholar of religion.	Andreas Gotzmann	German
languages spoken or written	Renato Poggioli (Florence April 16, 1907 -- May 3, 1963), was an Italian academic specializing in comparative literature living in the United States.	Renato Poggioli	Italian
languages spoken or written	José de Acosta (1539 or 1540, Medina del Campo, Spain -- February 15, 1600, Salamanca, Spain) was a sixteenth-century Spanish Jesuit missionary and naturalist in Latin America.	José de Acosta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Ferdinand Huber (14 September 1764 -- 24 December 1804), German author, was born in Paris, the son of Michael Huber (1727--1804), who did much to promote the study of German literature in France.	Ludwig Ferdinand Huber	German
languages spoken or written	Vera Int-Veen (born September 21, 1967 in Lank-Latum, Meerbusch) is a German journalist and television presenter.	Vera Int-Veen	German
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Hackbusch (born 24 October 1948 in Westerstede, Lower Saxony) is a German mathematician, known for his pioneering research in multigrid methods and later hierarchical matrices, a concept generalizing the fast multipole method.	Wolfgang Hackbusch	German
languages spoken or written	Eva Margareta Steinby FSA (born 21 November 1938) is a Finnish classical archaeologist.	Margareta Steinby	Finnish
languages spoken or written	René Couzinet (born 20 July 1904, Saint-Martin-des-Noyers, Vendée, died 16 December 1956) was a French aeronautics engineer and aircraft manufacturer.	René Couzinet	French
languages spoken or written	Ernest Blanc (November 1, 1923 -- December 22, 2010) was a French opera singer, one of the leading baritones of his era in France.	Ernest Blanc	French
languages spoken or written	José Arlegui (c. 1686-1750) was a Spanish Franciscan theologian of the 18th century, from Biscay, who wrote on theological subjects, some of them related to the ethnology of Mexico.	José Arlegui	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friedrich Ludwig Zacharias Werner (November 18, 1768 -- January 17, 1823) was a German poet, dramatist, and preacher.	Zacharias Werner	German
languages spoken or written	Suzanne Chaigneau (14 June 1875 -- 13 April 1946) was a French violinist and chamber musician, and a noted violin teacher.	Suzanne Chaigneau	French
languages spoken or written	Marie-Françoise Roy (born 28 April 1950 in Paris) is a French mathematician noted for her work in real algebraic geometry.	Marie-Françoise Roy	French
languages spoken or written	Arumugam Mohanasundaram (8 February 1928 -- 16 September 2012), popularly known as Loose Mohan, was a Tamil film actor who had acted as a comedian in over 1000 films.	Loose Mohan	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Lars Bo (May 29, 1924 -- October 21, 1999) was a Danish artist and writer.	Lars Bo	Danish
languages spoken or written	Gustave Émile Haug (19 June 1861 - 28 August 1927) was a French geologist and paleontologist known for his contribution to the geosyncline theory.	Émile Haug	French
languages spoken or written	Marc Veyrat (born 8 May 1950) is a French chef from the Haute-Savoie region, who specialises in molecular gastronomy and the use of mountain plants and herbs.	Marc Veyrat	French
languages spoken or written	Milan Rastislav Štefánik (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmilan ˈrascislaw ˈʃcefaːɲik); July 21, 1880 in Košariská, Austria-Hungary -- May 4, 1919 in Ivánka pri Dunaji, Czechoslovakia) was a Slovak politician, diplomat, and astronomer.	Milan Rastislav Štefánik	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Sir Joseph Mawbey, 1st Baronet (1730--1798) was an English distiller and politician, a supporter of John Wilkes.	Joseph Mawbey	English
languages spoken or written	Maja Lundgren, (born March 18, 1965) is a Swedish author, literary critic and translator.	Maja Lundgren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Remo Sernagiotto (born 1 September 1955, in Montebelluna) is an Italian politician from Veneto.	Remo Sernagiotto	Italian
languages spoken or written	Akkineni Nagarjuna (born 29 August 1959) is an Indian film actor, producer and television presenter who works primarily in the Telugu Cinema, and Television.	Akkineni Nagarjuna	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Elke Schmitter (born 25 January 1961, Krefeld, West Germany) is a German journalist and novelist.	Elke Schmitter	German
languages spoken or written	Gergely Berzeviczy berzeviczei és kakaslomniczi (Hungarian: Berzeviczy Gergely, Slovak: Gregor Berzevici or Gregor Berzeviczy, German: Gregor Berzeviczy) (15 June 1763 -- 23 February 1822) was an important political economist in the Kingdom of Hungary, follower of Adam Smith, one of the first political economists in Hungary.	Gergely Berzeviczy	German
languages spoken or written	Pilar Rahola i Martínez (Catalan pronunciation: (piˈɫa rəˈɔɫə)) (Barcelona, October 21, 1958) is a Spanish journalist, writer, and former politician and MP.	Pilar Rahola	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Arthur Smith Woodward, FRS (23 May 1864 -- 2 September 1944) was an English palaeontologist, known as a world expert in fossil fish.	Arthur Smith Woodward	English
languages spoken or written	Jan Dymitr Solikowski (born 1539 in Sieradz - 27 June 1603 in Lwów, Poland) was a Polish writer, diplomat, Archbishop of Lwów.	Jan Dymitr Solikowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jesús Hernández Tomás (1907 -- 11 January 1971) was a Spanish communist leader.	Jesús Hernández Tomás	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kazimiera Zawistowska de domo Jasieńska, pseudonym Ira, (1870--1902) was a Polish acclaimed poet and translator.	Kazimiera Zawistowska	Polish
languages spoken or written	Gaetano Fichera (8 February 1922 -- 1 June 1996) was an Italian mathematician, working in mathematical analysis, linear elasticity, partial differential equations and several complex variables.	Gaetano Fichera	Italian
languages spoken or written	Nirmal Prabha Bordoloi (Assamese: নিৰ্মলপ্ৰভা বৰদলৈ; 1933--2003) was an eminent Assamese poet, lyricist and folklore from Sibsagar district of Assam.	Nirmal Prabha Bordoloi	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Henri Jordan (30 September 1833, Berlin -- 10 November 1886, Konigsberg) was a German classical scholar who specialized in Roman archaeological topography.	Henri Jordan	German
languages spoken or written	Louise Saumoneau (17 December 1875 -- 23 February 1950) was a French feminist who later renounced feminism as being irrelevant to the class struggle.	Louise Saumoneau	French
languages spoken or written	Manouchehr Ganji (Persian: منوچهر گنجی) is a human rights activist and a former Minister of Education of Iran (1976--1979).	Manouchehr Ganji	Persian
languages spoken or written	Pierre Carniti (born September 25, 1936) is an Italian politician and trade unionist.	Pierre Carniti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Raymond de Saussure (French: (ʁɛmɔ̃ də sosyʁ); 2 August 1894 -- 29 October 1971) was a Swiss psychoanalyst, the first president of the European Psychoanalytical Federation.	Raymond de Saussure	French
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Carpani (28 December 1751 -- 22 January 1825) was an Italian man of letters.	Giuseppe Carpani	Italian
languages spoken or written	Dagmar Hülsenberg (born Sonneberg 2 December 1940) is a German materials scientist and university professor.	Dagmar Hülsenberg	German
languages spoken or written	Philip Wharton, 1st Duke of Wharton (21 December 1698 -- 31 May 1731) was a powerful Jacobite politician, was one of the few people in English history, and the first since the 15th century, to have been raised to a Dukedom whilst still a minor and not closely related to the monarch.	Philip Wharton, 1st Duke of Wharton	English
languages spoken or written	Boris Pilnyak (Russian: Бори́с Пильня́к) (October 11 (O.S. September 29) 1894 -- April 21, 1938) was a Russian writer.	Boris Pilnyak	Russian
languages spoken or written	Amancio Alcorta (Spanish) Historical Dictionary of Argentina.	Amancio Alcorta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Grazio Braccioli (1682--1752) was an Italian jurist, poet and librettist.	Grazio Braccioli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Fernão Lopes de Castanheda (Santarém, c. 1500 -- 1559 in Coimbra) was a Portuguese historian in the early Renaissance.	Fernão Lopes de Castanheda	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Debjani Chattopadhyay is a Bengali film actress.	Debjani Chattopadhyay	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Freddy Quinn (born Franz Eugen Helmut Manfred Nidl, 27 September 1931, Niederfladnitz, Austria) is an Austrian singer and actor whose popularity within the German-speaking world soared in the late 1950s and 1960s.	Freddy Quinn	German
languages spoken or written	François Pyrard de Laval (ca. 1578 -- ca. 1623) was a French navigator who is remembered for a personal written account of his adventures in the Maldives Islands from 1602 to 1607, which was part of a ten-year sojourn (1601-1611) in South Asia, et al.	François Pyrard de Laval	French
languages spoken or written	Hans Jürgen Press (1926--2002) was a German illustrator and writer of children's books.	Hans Jürgen Press	German
languages spoken or written	Eugen Diederichs (June 22, 1867 -- September 10, 1930) was a German publisher born in Löbitz, in the Prussian Province of Saxony.	Eugen Diederichs	German
languages spoken or written	Axel Eugen Alexander von Oesterreich (22 June 1910 -- 6 September 1988), better known as Axel von Ambesser, was a German actor and film director.	Axel von Ambesser	German
languages spoken or written	Carl Stumpf (German: (ʃtʊmpf); 21 April 1848 -- 25 December 1936) was a German philosopher and psychologist.	Carl Stumpf	German
languages spoken or written	Jan Cybis (16 February 1897 - 13 December 1972) was a prominent Polish painter and art teacher.	Jan Cybis	Polish
languages spoken or written	Norodom Monineath was born on 18 June 1936, in Saigon (former Prey Nokor), Cochinchina, French Indochina (present day Vietnam).	Norodom Monineath	French
languages spoken or written	Antoine Petit (23 July 1722 -- 21 October 1794) was a French physician, master of Joseph-Ignace Guillotin and Félix Vicq d'Azyr.	Antoine Petit	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Richard Atwood Glass (1820 -- 22 December 1873) was an English telegraph cable manufacturer and a Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1869.	Richard Atwood Glass	English
languages spoken or written	Victoria Cirlot Valenzuela (born 1955) is a Spanish scholar of medieval culture and literature, philologist, translator and editor.	Victoria Cirlot	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Patrick Desbois (born 1955, Chalon-sur-Saône) is a French Roman Catholic priest, head of the Commission for Relations with Judaism of the French Bishops' Conference and consultant to the Vatican.	Patrick Desbois	French
languages spoken or written	Germaine Tillion (30 May 1907 -- 18 April 2008) was a French ethnologist, best known for her work in Algeria in the 1950s on behalf of the French government.	Germaine Tillion	French
languages spoken or written	François Toussaint Gros (in classical Occitan Francés Totsant Gròs) was an Occitan-language writer from Provence.	François Toussaint Gros	Occitan
languages spoken or written	Liang Qichao (Chinese: 梁啟超; Wade--Giles: Liang Ch'i-ch'ao; February 23, 1873 -- January 19, 1929), courtesy name Zhuoru, pseudonym Rengong, was a Chinese scholar, journalist, philosopher and reformist who lived during the late Qing dynasty and early Republic.	Liang Qichao	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Enzo Biagi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈɛntso ˈbjaːdʒi); 9 August 1920 -- 6 November 2007) was an Italian journalist and writer.	Enzo Biagi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Marc Reiser (French: (ʁɛzɛʁ); April 13, 1941 -- November 5, 1983) was a French comics creator.	Jean-Marc Reiser	French
languages spoken or written	Carlos Latre, (Castellón de la Plana, January 30, 1979) is a Spanish comedian actor.	Carlos Latre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ioana Crăciunescu (born 1950) is a Romanian actress and poet.	Ioana Crăciunescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Carl Ludwig Siegel (December 31, 1896 -- April 4, 1981) was a German mathematician specialising in number theory and celestial mechanics.	Carl Ludwig Siegel	German
languages spoken or written	Mamert Stankiewicz (January 22, 1889 -- November 26, 1939) was a Polish naval officer of the merchant marine, the commander of Lwów, SS Polonia and finally the ocean liner MS Piłsudski.	Mamert Stankiewicz	Polish
languages spoken or written	Frederick Joseph Laverack (1871 -- 11 April 1928) was an English social worker, campaigner for the blind and Liberal Member of Parliament.	Frederick Joseph Laverack	English
languages spoken or written	Xia Yan (Chinese: 夏衍; pinyin: Xià Yǎn; Wade--Giles: Hsia Yen; 30 October 1900 -- 6 February 1995) was a Chinese playwright and screenwriter, and China's Deputy Minister of Culture between 1954 and 1965.	Xia Yan	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Rosa Leveroni i Valls (1910--1985) was a Catalan poet and narrator.	Rosa Leveroni	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Alois Hába (June 21, 1893 -- November 18, 1973) was a Czech composer, musical theorist, and teacher.	Alois Hába	Czech
languages spoken or written	Agostino Agazzari (2 December 1578 -- 10 April 1640) was an Italian composer and music theorist.	Agostino Agazzari	Italian
languages spoken or written	Venkat Kumar Gangai Amaren (born 7 November 1975), better known by his stage name Venkat Prabhu, is an Indian filmmaker, who has worked as an actor, director and playback singer in the Tamil film industry.	Venkat Prabhu	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Paolo Barelli is an Italian Senator and president of the Italian Swimming Federation, in his youth Barelli was a world class swimmer.	Paolo Barelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Antonio José de Sucre y Alcalá (Spanish: (anˈtonjo xoˈse ðe ˈsukɾe j alkaˈla); 1795--1830), known as the ``Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho'' (English: ``Grand Marshal of Ayacucho''), was a Venezuelan independence leader.	Antonio José de Sucre	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Friar Andrés de Urdaneta, O.S.A., (November 30, 1498 -- June 3, 1568) was a Spanish Basque circumnavigator, explorer and Augustinian friar.	Andrés de Urdaneta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Lucy Diamond' is an English author of chick lit novels.	Lucy Diamond	English
languages spoken or written	Raúl Cancio (September 18, 1911 -- October 23, 1961) was a Spanish film actor, screenwriter and film director.	Raúl Cancio	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Titu Cusi is the ``narrator'' and source of An Inca Account of the Conquest of Peru, a firsthand account of the Spanish invasion, narrated by him in 1570 to a Spanish missionary, Fray Marcos Garcia and transcribed by a Martin Pando, his mestizo assistant.	Titu Cusi	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Enrique García-Máiquez (Murcia, 1969 -but always living in El Puerto de Santa María) is a Spanish poet: so far he has published four poetry books.	Enrique García-Máiquez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Liang Sicheng (Chinese: 梁思成; 20 April 1901 -- 9 January 1972) was a Chinese architect and scholar often known as the ``father'' of modern Chinese architecture.	Liang Sicheng	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Arnaldo Mussolini (January 11, 1885 -- December 21, 1931) was an Italian journalist and politician.	Arnaldo Mussolini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Victor Koulbak (born 12 March 1946 in Moscow) is a French painter of Russian origin.	Victor Koulbak	Russian
languages spoken or written	Mohit Chadda is an Indian film actor, who has appeared in Hindi, Telugu and Tamil films.	Mohit Chadda	Hindi	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Anton Hansen Tammsaare (also known as A. H. Tammsaare; born Anton Hansen 30 January 1878 -- 1 March 1940), was an Estonian writer whose pentalogy Truth and Justice (Tõde ja õigus; 1926--1933) is considered one of the major works of Estonian literature and ``The Estonian Novel''.	Anton Hansen Tammsaare	Estonian
languages spoken or written	Samuel Pasfield Oliver (1838--1907) was an English artillery officer, geographer and antiquary.	Samuel Pasfield Oliver	English
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Żuławski (Polish: (ˈjɛʐɨ ʐuˈwafski); 14 July 1874 -- 9 August 1915) was a Polish literary figure, philosopher, translator, alpinist and nationalist whose best-known work is the science-fiction epic, Trylogia Księżycowa (The Lunar Trilogy), written between 1901 and 1911.	Jerzy Żuławski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Adelaida García Morales (born Badajoz, Spain 1945 - died Dos Hermanas, Spain, 22 September 2014 ) was a Spanish writer.	Adelaida García Morales	Spanish
languages spoken or written	(English/Italian) Anthony McCall:	Anthony McCall	English
languages spoken or written	Jutta Bauer (born 9 January 1955) is a German writer and illustrator of children's books.	Jutta Bauer	German
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Stickney Blaine (30 January 1816 -- 15 December 1897) was a leading Conservative politician in the English City of Bath, who was mainly involved in local politics, but sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1886.	Robert Stickney Blaine	English
languages spoken or written	Mykolas Biržiška ( listen ; 24 August 1882 in Viekšniai -- 24 August 1962 in Los Angeles), a Lithuanian editor, historian, professor of literature, diplomat, and politician, was one of the twenty signatories of the Act of Independence of Lithuania.	Mykolas Biržiška	Lithuanian
languages spoken or written	Chandradhar Barua (Assamese: চন্দ্ৰধৰ বৰুৱা) (15 October 1874 -- 26 October 1961) was an eminent writer, poet, dramatist & lyricist from Assam of Jonaki Era, the age of romanticism of Assamese literature.	Chandradhar Barua	Assamese
languages spoken or written	Yannick Jadot (born July 27, 1967 in Clacy-et-Thierret, Aisne) is a French environmentalist and Member of the European Parliament elected in the 2009 European election for the West France constituency.	Yannick Jadot	French
languages spoken or written	Thomas Creevey (March 1768 -- February 5, 1838) was an English politician who is known for his papers, which were published in 1903.	Thomas Creevey	English
languages spoken or written	Didacus Ximenes (died 1560) was a Spanish Dominican of the sixteenth century, noted as a theologian, philosopher, and astronomer.	Didacus Ximenes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas Kitchin (or Thomas Kitchen) (1718--1784) was an English engraver and cartographer, who became hydrographer to the king.	Thomas Kitchin	English
languages spoken or written	Uwe Topper (born 1940) is a German amateur researcher and author of books about historic, ethnographic and anthropological subjects.	Uwe Topper	German
languages spoken or written	Mercedes Bunz (born November 16, 1971 in Magdeburg) is a German art historian, philosopher and journalist.	Mercedes Bunz	German
languages spoken or written	Yusuf al-Qaradawi (Arabic: يوسف القرضاوي Yūsuf al-Qaraḍāwī‎; or Yusuf al-Qardawi; born 9 September 1926) is an Egyptian Islamic theologian based in Doha, Qatar, and chairman of the International Union of Muslim Scholars.	Yusuf al-Qaradawi	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont (30 November 1637 -- 10 January 1698) was a French ecclesiastical historian.	Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont	French
languages spoken or written	Zeenat Aman (born 1951 in Bombay) is an Indian actress, model and beauty queen best known for her work in Hindi films during the 1970s and 80's.	Zeenat Aman	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Francis Perrin (17 August 1901 -- 4 July 1992) was a French physicist, the son of Nobel prize-winning physicist Jean Perrin.	Francis Perrin	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Yves Bosseur (born in Paris, 5 February 1947) is a French composer and writer.	Jean-Yves Bosseur	French
languages spoken or written	Joachim von Sandrart (12 May 1606 -- 14 October 1688) was a German Baroque art-historian and painter, active in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age.	Joachim von Sandrart	German
languages spoken or written	Pedro Estala (1757--1815) was a Spanish hellenist, philologist, writer, translator, literary critic, and literary editor.	Pedro Estala	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Karl Hermann Frank (24 January 1898 -- 22 May 1946) was a prominent Sudeten German Nazi official in Czechoslovakia prior to and during World War II and an SS-Obergruppenführer.	Karl Hermann Frank	German
languages spoken or written	Ernest Fourneau (1872--1949) was a French medicinal chemist who played a major role in the discovery of synthetic local anesthetics, as well as in the synthesis of suramin.	Ernest Fourneau	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Peter Melchior (March 8, 1747 -- June 13, 1825) was a German porcelain modeller.	Johann Peter Melchior	German
languages spoken or written	Květa Legátová, born Věra Hofmanová (November 3, 1919 -- December 22, 2012) was a Czech novelist and writer whose work spanned a period from the 1950s to the 2000s.	Květa Legátová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Henri Coquand (1813, Aix-en-Provence -- 1881, Marseille) was a French geologist and paleontologist.	Henri Coquand	French
languages spoken or written	Piotr Waglowski (born 17 May 1974, Warsaw), known online as VaGla, is a Polish lawyer, poet, publicist and webmaster, open government activist, researcher of communication processes in the paradigm of social constructionism.	Piotr Waglowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Jean-Michel Thierry de Crussol (1916--2011) was a French physician and art historian.	Jean-Michel Thierry	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Souriau (1852--1926) was a French philosopher known for his works on invention theory and aesthetics.	Paul Souriau	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Georg Gmelin (8 August 1709 -- 20 May 1755) was a German naturalist, botanist and geographer.	Johann Georg Gmelin	German
languages spoken or written	Baba Punhan, born Atababa Seyidali oglu Madatzadeh (Azerbaijani: Baba Pünhan), (5 November 1948, Baku -- 17 April 2004, Baku, Azerbaijan), was an Azerbaijani poet.	Baba Punhan	Azerbaijani
languages spoken or written	Bernardino Luini (c. 1480/82 -- June 1532) was a North Italian painter from Leonardo's circle.	Bernardino Luini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Jacques Grunenwald (2 February 1911--19 December 1982), was a French organist, composer, architect, and pedagogue.	Jean-Jacques Grunenwald	French
languages spoken or written	Geoffroy de Lagasnerie, born in 1981, is a French philosopher and sociologist.	Geoffroy de Lagasnerie	French
languages spoken or written	Santiago José García Mazo (1768--1849) was a Spanish rhetorician, pedagogue and writer.	Santiago José García Mazo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Henry Warburton (12 November 1784 -- 16 September 1858) was an English merchant and politician, and also an enthusiastic amateur scientist.	Henry Warburton	English
languages spoken or written	Julià de Jòdar i Muñoz (Badalona, 28 December 1942), is a Catalan writer.	Julià de Jòdar i Muñoz	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Gustav von Wangenheim (February 18, 1895 -- August 5, 1975) was a German actor, screenwriter and director.	Gustav von Wangenheim	German
languages spoken or written	Walter Höllerer (December 19, 1922 -- May 20, 2003) was a German writer, literary critic and a literature graduate.	Walter Höllerer	German
languages spoken or written	Melchior Lengyel (12 January 1880 -- 23 October 1974) was a Hungarian writer, dramatist, and film screenwriter.	Melchior Lengyel	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Jesús Ferrero is a Spanish writer born in 1952 in the Spanish province of Zamora.	Jesús Ferrero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Helke Sander (born January 31, 1937 in Berlin) is a German feminist film director and writer.	Helke Sander	German
languages spoken or written	Sunao Matsumoto (October 24, 1969 -- July 15, 2004), known professionally as Sunao Yoshida (吉田直 Yoshida Sunao), was a Japanese novelist.	Sunao Yoshida	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Olivier Ledroit is a French comic book artist, perhaps best known for his work on the Black Moon Chronicles series.	Olivier Ledroit	French
languages spoken or written	José Gonzalvo Falcón (16 January 1920 -- 31 May 1978), sometimes referred to as Gonzalvo II or --especially as of late-- by the Catalan rendition of his given name Josep Gonzalvo, was a former Spanish Catalan footballer and manager.	José Gonzalvo	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Francisco Fernández Carvajal or Francis Fernandez (Granada, 1938) is a Spanish Roman Catholic priest in the Opus Dei Prelature and author of several books.	Francisco Fernández Carvajal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Thomas W. Gaehtgens (born June 24, 1940 in Leipzig) is a German art historian with special interest in French and German art and art history from the 18th to the 20th century.	Thomas W. Gaehtgens	German	French
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Mikołajczyk (18 July 1901 -- 13 December 1966; (staˈɲiswav mikɔˈwajt͡ʂɨk)) was a Polish politician.	Stanisław Mikołajczyk	Polish
languages spoken or written	Miss Kumari (1932--1969) was a Malayalam film actress of the early years of 1940--1960s.	Miss Kumari	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Gustav von Struensee (13 December 1803, Greifenberg in Pommern -- 29 September 1875. Breslau) was a German writer.	Gustav von Struensee	German
languages spoken or written	Theodor Kjerulf (30 March 1825 -- 25 October 1888) was a Norwegian geologist and poet.	Theodor Kjerulf	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Jean de Hautefeuille (20 March 1647--18 October 1724) was a French abbé, physicist and inventor.	Jean de Hautefeuille	French
languages spoken or written	Maryam Jafari Azarmani (or Azarmâni, Aazarmaani) (Persian: مریم جعفری آذرمانی), is a poet, literary critic, and translator.	Maryam Jafari Azarmani	Persian
languages spoken or written	Bozhidar Dimitrov Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Божидар Димитров Стоянов, born 3 December 1945) is a Bulgarian historian working in the sphere of Medieval Bulgarian history, the Ottoman rule of Bulgaria and the Macedonian Question.	Bozhidar Dimitrov	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Vitali (18 February 1632 -- 12 October 1692) was an Italian composer and violone player.	Giovanni Battista Vitali	Italian
languages spoken or written	Édouard Leclerc (20 November 1926 -- 17 September 2012) was a French businessman and entrepreneur who founded the French supermarket chain E.Leclerc in 1948.	Édouard Leclerc	French
languages spoken or written	Krass Clement Kay Christensen (born 15 March 1946) is a Danish photographer who has specialized in documentary work.	Krass Clement	Danish
languages spoken or written	Shahidun Nessa Rahman (Bengali: শহীদুন নেসসা রহমান; née Karim Bengali: করিম; born 14 December 1971), commonly known by her pseudonym Shahida Rahman, is an award-winning English author and writer.	Shahida Rahman	English
languages spoken or written	Niels Ditlev Riegels (also Riegelsen) (1755 -- 24 August 1802) was a Danish historian, journalist and pamphleteer.	Niels Ditlev Riegels	Danish
languages spoken or written	Alfredo Kindelán y Duany (born 13 March 1879 in Santiago de Cuba - died 14 December 1962 in Madrid) was a Spanish general and politician.	Alfredo Kindelán	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Claudius Claudianus, usually known in English as Claudian (/ˈklɔːdiən/; c. 370 -- c. 404 AD), was a Latin poet associated with the court of the emperor Honorius at Mediolanum (Milan), and particularly with the general Stilicho.	Claudian	Latin
languages spoken or written	Peter Schössow (born 1953 in Hamburg) is a German illustrator and author of children's books.	Peter Schössow	German
languages spoken or written	Solomon ibn Verga (or Salomón ben Verga, c. 1460 -- 1554) (Hebrew: שלמה אבן וירגה) was a Spanish historian and physician, and author of the Shevet Yehudah (Hebrew:שבט יהודה - ``Scepter of Judah'').	Solomon ibn Verga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Bohumila Grögerová (August 7, 1921 -- August 22, 2014) was a Czech and Czechoslovak poet, experimental poet, and translator.	Bohumila Grögerová	Czech
languages spoken or written	August Gottlieb Meißner (3 November 1753 -- 18 February 1807) was a German writer of the Enlightenment and is considered the founder of the German detective story.	August Gottlieb Meißner	German
languages spoken or written	Roc Llop i Convalia (Miravet, December 31, 1908 -- Paris, August 15, 1997) was a Catalan anarchist, teacher and poet.	Roc Llop i Convalia	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Daniel Tilenus (also Tilenius) (1563--1633) was a German-French Protestant theologian.	Daniel Tilenus	French
languages spoken or written	Erhard Scheibe (24 September 1927 -- 7 January 2010) was a German philosopher of science.	Erhard Scheibe	German
languages spoken or written	Sergio Garavini (8 April 1927 -- 7 September 2001) was an Italian politician, writer and trade unionist.	Sergio Garavini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Titus Ullrich (22 August 1813 -- 17 December 1891) was a German poet, dramatist, art critic and literary critic from the County of Kladsko.	Titus Ullrich	German
languages spoken or written	José María Usandizaga (1887--1915) was a Spanish Basque composer.	José María Usandizaga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir Philip Christopher Ondaatje /ɒnˈdɑːtʃiː/, OC, CBE (born 22 February 1933) is a Sri Lankan born Canadian-English businessman, philanthropist, adventurer, writer and bob-sledding Olympian for Canada.	Christopher Ondaatje	English
languages spoken or written	Karin Kiwus (born 9 November 1942) is a German poet from Berlin.	Karin Kiwus	German
languages spoken or written	Camillo Federici (9 April 1749 -- 23 December 1802) was an Italian dramatist and actor.	Camillo Federici	Italian
languages spoken or written	Daniel Mangrané (8 March 1910 -- 27 December 1985) was a Spanish film producer, screenwriter and film director.	Daniel Mangrané	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Juan Martínez de Ripalda (b. at Pamplona, Navarre, 1594; d. at Madrid, 26 April 1648) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian.	Juan Martínez de Ripalda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Augusto Murri (8 September 1841, Fermo, Marche - 11 November 1932) was an Italian physician.	Augusto Murri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Philippe Lauer (May 7, 1902 -- May 15, 2001), was a French architect and Egyptologist.	Jean-Philippe Lauer	French
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Szenic (13 January 1904, Pakość - 28 November 1987, Warsaw) was a Polish lawyer and writer.	Stanisław Szenic	Polish
languages spoken or written	Dwijendralal Ray (Bengali: দ্বিজেন্দ্রলাল রায়; 19 July 1863 -- 17 May 1913), also known as D. L. Ray (Bengali: ডি. এল. রায়), was a Bengali poet, playwright, and musician.	Dwijendralal Ray	Bengali
languages spoken or written	León de Arroyal (Gandia, Valencia, 11 April 1755 -- Vara de Rey, Cuenca, 1813) was a Spanish intellectual, poet, and writer, associated with the Salamanca school of eighteenth century literature.	León de Arroyal	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir John Betjeman, CBE (/ˈbɛtʃəmən/; 28 August 1906 -- 19 May 1984) was an English poet, writer, and broadcaster who described himself in Who's Who as a ``poet and hack''.	John Betjeman	English
languages spoken or written	Dolors Monserdà i Vidal (née, Dolors Moncerdà i Vidal; also known as, Dolors Monserdà de Macià; Barcelona, 1845 - 1919) was a Spanish writer, poet, storyteller, playwright, essayist, and columnist of Catalan descent.	Dolors Monserdà	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Alex Levac (Hebrew: אלכס ליבק, born 1944, Tel Aviv) is an Israeli photojournalist and street photographer.	Alex Levac	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Manu Chao (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmanu ˈtʃao); born José-Manuel Thomas Arthur Chao; June 21, 1961) is a French-born musician of Spanish origin.	Manu Chao	Spanish	French
languages spoken or written	Kate Thornton is an English journalist and television presenter, best known as the first presenter of The X Factor (2004--2006) and for presenting daytime shows including Loose Women (2009--2011) and This Morning (2009--2012).	Kate Thornton	English
languages spoken or written	Axel Danielsson (15 December 1863 -- 30 December 1899) was a Swedish socialist agitator, journalist and writer, born in Värmland.	Axel Danielsson	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Niall Binns (London, 1965) is a British poet who lives in Spain and writes in Spanish.	Niall Binns	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jules Benoit-Lévy (Paris February 27, 1866, Nogent-sur-Marne March 14, 1952) was a French painter and printmaker.	Jules Benoit-Lévy	French
languages spoken or written	Johann Gottlob Harrer (1703 -- 9 July 1755) was a German composer and choir leader.	Johann Gottlob Harrer	German
languages spoken or written	Matija Čop (pronounced (maˈtiːja ˈtʃɔp); 26 January 1797 -- 6 July 1835), also known in German as Matthias Tschop, was a Slovene linguist, literary historian and critic.	Matija Čop	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Charles-Edmond Perrin (18 October 1887 -- 13 February 1974) was a French medieval historian, a professor at the University of Strasbourg and then the Sorbonne, and a member of the Académie des inscriptions et belles-lettres, of which he became president.	Charles-Edmond Perrin	French
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste-Louis-Théodore de Tschudi, or Tschudy (16 August 1734 -- 7 March 1784) was a French botanist and poet.	Jean-Baptiste-Louis-Théodore de Tschudi	French
languages spoken or written	Yossi Melman (Hebrew: יוסי מלמן) is an Israeli writer and journalist.	Yossi Melman	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Gockel (21 November 1945 -- 3 March 2005) was a German archaeologist, best known for his efforts at deciphering the Mayan hieroglyphs.	Wolfgang Gockel	German
languages spoken or written	Jean-Baptiste Troppmann was a French spree killer born in 1848 and executed on January 19, 1870.	Jean-Baptiste Troppmann	French
languages spoken or written	Anna Paola Concia (born 4 July 1963; Avezzano) is an Italian politician and gay rights activist.	Paola Concia	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gummadi Venkateswara Rao (9 July 1928 -- 26 January 2010), widely known as Gummadi, was an Indian film actor and producer, known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema and a few Tamil films.	Gummadi Venkateswara Rao	Telugu
languages spoken or written	Louise Moillon (1610--1696) was a French painter in the Baroque era.	Louise Moillon	French
languages spoken or written	Théodore Aubanel (Occitan: Teodòr Aubanèu) (March 26, 1829 -- November 2, 1886) was a Provençal poet.	Théodore Aubanel	Occitan
languages spoken or written	Johann Andreas Herbst (baptized June 9, 1588 -- January 24, 1666) was a German composer and music theorist of the early Baroque era.	Johann Andreas Herbst	German
languages spoken or written	Beniamino Facchinelli (c. 1829 -- c. 1897) was an Italian photographer working in Cairo, Egypt during the late 19th century.	Beniamino Facchinelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Henri François Marion (1846--1896) was a French philosopher and educationalist.	Henri François Marion	French
languages spoken or written	Per Daniel Amadeus Atterbom (19 January 1790 in Åsbo, Östergötland -- 21 July 1855) was a Swedish romantic poet, and a member of the Swedish Academy.	Per Daniel Amadeus Atterbom	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Rolf Hammerschmidt is a German director and producer of gay pornographic films.	Rolf Hammerschmidt	German
languages spoken or written	Samuel Daniel Broughton (1787--1837) was an English army surgeon.	Samuel Daniel Broughton	English
languages spoken or written	Anne Robert Jacques Turgot, Baron de l'Aulne (10 May 1727 -- 18 March 1781), commonly known as Turgot, was a French economist and statesman.	Anne Robert Jacques Turgot	French
languages spoken or written	Carlo Jachino (1887--1971) was a prominent Italian composer of the 20th century.	Carlo Jachino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Louis Marie Fontan (November 4, 1801 - October 10, 1839), French man of letters, was born at Lorient.	Louis Marie Fontan	French
languages spoken or written	Professor Sahib Singh (Punjabi: ਪ੍ਰੋ. ਸਾਹਿਬ ਸਿੰਘ, Hindi: प्रोफ़ेसर साहिब सिंह; 16 February 1892 -- 29 October 1977) was a Sikh academic who made a contribution to Sikh literature.	Sahib Singh	Punjabi
languages spoken or written	Étienne Ozi (9 December 1754 -- 5 October 1813) was a French bassoonist and composer.	Étienne Ozi	French
languages spoken or written	Marie Ennemond Camille Jordan (5 January 1838 -- 22 January 1922) was a French mathematician, known both for his foundational work in group theory and for his influential Cours d'analyse.	Camille Jordan	French
languages spoken or written	Pedro Antonio Olañeta (Elgueta, Gipuzkoa, Spain, 1770 - Tumusla (Potosí Department), Bolivia, April 2, 1825) was a Royalist commander in the army of the Spanish Empire who fought the against the South American insurgency led by Simón Bolívar.	Pedro Antonio Olañeta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Mohammed Amin al-Husseini (Arabic: محمد أمين الحسيني‎; c. 1897 -- 4 July 1974) was a Palestinian Arab nationalist and Muslim leader in Mandatory Palestine.	Amin al-Husseini	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Patrick Demarchelier (French pronunciation: ​(pat.ʁik de.maɾ.ʃə.lje); born 21 August 1943) is a French fashion photographer.	Patrick Demarchelier	French
languages spoken or written	John Blanch (c.1649-1725), of Wotton Court, near Gloucester and Eastington, Gloucestershire, was an English politician.	John Blanch	English
languages spoken or written	Michel Spanneut (Steenvoorde 6 November 1919 - 28 April 2004 Lomme) was a French priest and patristics scholar.	Michel Spanneut	French
languages spoken or written	Marshal Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco Portuguese pronunciation: ( ũbɛʁtu dʒi alẽkaʁ kastɛlu bɾɐku) (20 September 1897 -- 18 July 1967) was a Brazilian military leader and politician.	Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco	Portuguese
languages spoken or written	Qigang Chen (Chinese: 陈其钢; pinyin: Chén Qígāng, pronounced (tʂʰə̌n t͡ɕǐkɑ́ŋ)) is a composer of Chinese origin born in 1951 in Shanghai.	Qigang Chen	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Dr. Steven H. Kaplan is a professor of English and former chancellor who has served as president of the University of New Haven since 2004.	Steven H. Kaplan	English
languages spoken or written	Lucien Lévy-Bruhl (10 April 1857 -- 13 March 1939) was a French scholar trained in philosophy, who made contributions to the budding fields of sociology and ethnology.	Lucien Lévy-Bruhl	French
languages spoken or written	Niccolò de' Niccoli (1364 -- 22 January 1437) was an Italian Renaissance humanist.	Niccolò de' Niccoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Atkinson Hobson (commonly known as John A. Hobson or J. A. Hobson; 6 July 1858 -- 1 April 1940), was an English economist, social scientist and critic of imperialism, widely popular as a lecturer and writer.	John A. Hobson	English
languages spoken or written	Bernard Pyne Grenfell (16 December 1869 -- 18 May 1926) was an English scientist and Egyptologist, born in Birmingham.	Bernard Pyne Grenfell	English
languages spoken or written	Carl Heinrich Edmund von Berg (30 November 1800, Göttingen -- 20 June 1874, Schandau) was a German forestry scientist.	Carl Heinrich Edmund von Berg	German
languages spoken or written	Dame Margot Fonteyn de Arias, DBE (18 May 1919 -- 21 February 1991), was an English ballerina.	Margot Fonteyn	English
languages spoken or written	Marco Fedi (born 1958 in Ascoli Piceno, Italy), emigrated to Australia in 1983, is an Italian politician representing Italians living abroad.	Marco Fedi	Italian
languages spoken or written	van der Kolk came up with a new project called Loona (leaned on the Spanish word ``luna'' for ``moon''), also produced by DJ Sammy.	Loona	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sonia Molanes Costa (born May 28, 1980 in Cangas de Morrazo) is a Spanish sprint canoer who has competed since the early 2000s.	Sonia Molanes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Léon Théodore Gosselin (7 October 1855, Richemont, Moselle -- 7 February 1935) was a French historian and playwright who wrote under the pen name G. Lenotre.	Théodore Gosselin	French
languages spoken or written	Noreena Hertz (born 24 September 1967) is an English academic, economist and author.	Noreena Hertz	English
languages spoken or written	Shamili, better known as Baby Shamili, is an Indian actress, who has worked in Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada and Telugu films.	Shamili	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Frederic Dannay, without much involvement from Lee, was founding and directing editor of Ellery Queen's Mystery Magazine, generally considered one of the most influential English-language crime fiction magazines of the last sixty-five years.	Ellery Queen	English
languages spoken or written	David Elias Heidenreich (21 January 1638 -- 6 June 1688) was a German poet, dramatist, librettist and translator of the Baroque era.	David Elias Heidenreich	German
languages spoken or written	Leonid Martynov (Леонид Николаевич Мартынов) (1905 in Omsk -- 1980) was a Russian poet.	Leonid Martynov	Russian
languages spoken or written	Galsan Tschinag (Чинаагийн Галсан), born Irgit Shynykbai-oglu Dshurukuwaa (*26 December 1944 in Bayan-Ölgii Province, Mongolia) is a Mongolian writer of novels, poems, and essays in the German language, though he hails from a Tuvan background.	Galsan Tschinag	German
languages spoken or written	Paul Brett (born 20 June 1947, Fulham, London) is an English classic rock guitarist.	Paul Brett	English
languages spoken or written	Martin Noth (3 August 1902 -- 30 May 1968) was a German scholar of the Hebrew Bible who specialized in the pre-Exilic history of the Hebrews.	Martin Noth	German
languages spoken or written	Eusebio Bardají y Azara (Graus, Spain, 19 December 1776 -- Huete, Spain, 7 March 1842) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as Prime Minister of Spain in 1837 and held other offices such as Minister of State.	Eusebio Bardají y Azara	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arunima Ghosh (Bengali: অরুণিমা ঘোষ) is a Bengali film and television actress.	Arunima Ghosh	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Adolf Wahrmund (10 June 1827 -- 15 May 1913) was an Austrian-German orientalist.	Adolf Wahrmund	German
languages spoken or written	Christian August Brandis (February 13, 1790 -- July 21, 1867) was a German philologist and historian of philosophy.	Christian August Brandis	German
languages spoken or written	Cristoforo de Predis (1440-1486), was an Italian miniaturist and illuminator.	Cristoforo de Predis	Italian
languages spoken or written	Walter Henry Medhurst (29 April 1796 -- 24 January 1857), was an English Congregationalist missionary to China, born in London and educated at St Paul's School.	Walter Henry Medhurst	English
languages spoken or written	Barry Miles, or ``Miles'' (born 1943, Cirencester, England), is an English author known for his participation in and writing on the subjects of the 1960s London underground and counterculture.	Barry Miles	English
languages spoken or written	Leonardo Sinisgalli (1908--1981) was an Italian poet and art critic active from the 1930s to the 1970s.	Leonardo Sinisgalli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Larissa Vassilian (born June 17, 1976) is a German journalist of German-Armenian descent.	Larissa Vassilian	German
languages spoken or written	Vardges Petrosyan (Armenian: Վարդգես Պետրոսյան) (August 9, 1932 -- April 15, 1994) was an Armenian writer of fiction and drama.	Vardges Petrosyan	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Torolf Elster (27 May 1911 -- 4 November 2006) was a Norwegian newspaper and radio journalist, magazine editor, novelist, crime writer and writer of short stories.	Torolf Elster	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Lekha Washington is an Indian origin film actress and product designer, who has appeared in Tamil, Hindi, Telugu and Kannada language films.	Lekha Washington	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Marie Duplessis (15 January 1824 -- 3 February 1847) was a French courtesan and mistress to a number of prominent and wealthy men.	Marie Duplessis	French
languages spoken or written	Xavier Coppolani was a French military and colonial leader, who was instrumental in the colonial occupation and creation of modern-day Mauritania.	Xavier Coppolani	French
languages spoken or written	Sem Benelli (August 10, 1877 -- December 18, 1949) was an Italian playwright, essayist and librettist.	Sem Benelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	José Luis Cantero Rada (August 20, 1937 -- June 19, 2007), known professionally as El Fary, was a Spanish singer and actor.	El Fary	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Anna Cecilia Malmström (born 15 May 1968) is a Swedish politician who has served as European Commissioner for Trade since 2014, having previously served as European Commissioner for Home Affairs from 2010 to 2014.	Cecilia Malmström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Hakim Rawther, known mononymously as Hakim, was an Indian actor and film maker in Malayalam cinema.	Hakim Rawther	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Joan Roís de Corella (Valencian pronunciation: (dʒuˈan roˈiz ðe koˈɾeʎa)) (Gandia or Valencia, 1435 -- Valencia, 1497) was a Catalan-language writer from the Kingdom of Valencia.	Joan Roís de Corella	Valencian	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Alberto Franceschini (born 26 October 1947) is an Italian former terrorist, a founder and leading member of the Italian left-wing militant organization, the Red Brigades (Brigate Rosse), along with Renato Curcio, Margherita Cagol and Mario Moretti.	Alberto Franceschini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Joan Alcover i Maspons (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan əɫkoˈve)) (1854--1926) was a Spanish Balearic writer, poet, essayist and politician.	Joan Alcover	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	John Scudamore, 1st Viscount Scudamore (22 March 1601 -- 19 May 1671) was an English diplomat and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1621 and 1629.	John Scudamore, 1st Viscount Scudamore	English
languages spoken or written	Leo Königsberger (15 October 1837 -- 15 December 1921) was a German mathematician, and historian of science.	Leo Königsberger	German
languages spoken or written	François-Xavier-Joseph Droz (French pronunciation: ​(dro); 31 December 1773 -- 9 November 1850) was a French writer on ethics, political science and political economy.	Joseph Droz	French
languages spoken or written	Väinö Linna ( pronunciation ) (20 December 1920 -- 21 April 1992) was a Finnish author.	Väinö Linna	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Otto Kern (February 14, 1863 in Schulpforte (now part of Bad Kösen) -- January 31, 1942 in Halle an der Saale) was a German philologist, archaeologist and epigraphist.	Otto Kern	German
languages spoken or written	Joan Phipson was born in Warrawee, New South Wales, on 16 November 1912, to English parents.	Joan Phipson	English
languages spoken or written	Pierre David-Weill (March 8, 1900 - January 14, 1975) was a French investment banker.	Pierre David-Weill	French
languages spoken or written	Christine Brooke-Rose was born in Geneva, Switzerland to an English father and American-Swiss mother.	Christine Brooke-Rose	English
languages spoken or written	Tsukioka Yoshitoshi (Japanese: 月岡 芳年; also named Taiso Yoshitoshi 大蘇 芳年; 30 April 1839 -- 9 June 1892) was a Japanese artist.	Yoshitoshi	Japanese
languages spoken or written	José de Viera y Clavijo (December 28, 1731 -- 1813), was a Spanish ecclesiastic, historian, botanist, ethnographer, and professor, best known for his exhaustive History of the Canary Islands (Historia de Canarias).	José de Viera y Clavijo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Dorothea Friderika Aemilia von Berlepsch (née von Oppel; 26 November 1755 -- 27 July 1830), known as Emilie von Berlepsch, was a German traveller and author.	Emilie von Berlepsch	German
languages spoken or written	George Ewart Bean (1903 -- 7 December 1977) was an English archaeologist and writer who specialized in classical Turkey.	George Ewart Bean	English
languages spoken or written	Stan Borys or Stanisław Guzek (was born September 3, 1941 in Załęże (now a district of Rzeszów)) is a Polish singer-songwriter, actor, director and poet.	Stan Borys	Polish
languages spoken or written	Otomar Krejča (November 23, 1921 - November 6, 2009) was a Czech theater director and dissident.	Otomar Krejča	Czech
languages spoken or written	Augustin Chaho in French or Agosti Xaho in Basque was an important Romantic Basque writer.	Agosti Xaho	French	Basque
languages spoken or written	Leonello Rabatti (born 7 November 1960 Reggello, Italy) is an Italian poet and critic.	Leonello Rabatti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vespasiano Bignami (1841 -- 1929) was Italian painter, art critic, and caricaturist.	Vespasiano Bignami	Italian
languages spoken or written	Georges Guibourg (June 3, 1891 -- January 8, 1970) was a French singer, author, writer, playwright, and actor, George Guibourg, alias Georgius, alias Theodore Crapulet, was one of the most popular and versatile performers in Paris for more than 50 years.	Georges Guibourg	French
languages spoken or written	Juana Judith Bustos Ahuite (born 22 November 1945 in Constancia, Loreto Region, Perú) is best known as La Tigresa del Oriente (lit. Spanish for The Eastern Tigress, the ``east'' being the Peruvian Amazon) is a singer, hairdresser and makeup artist.	La Tigresa del Oriente	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ernst Wilhelm Wolf (baptised 25 February 1735 -- 29 or 30 November 1792) was a German composer.	Ernst Wilhelm Wolf	German
languages spoken or written	Victor Vasarely (French: (viktɔʁ vazaʁəli); Hungarian: (ˈviktor ˈvɒzɒrɛlːi); born Vásárhelyi Győző (ˈvaːʃaːrhɛji ˈɟøːzøː); 9 April 1906 -- 15 March 1997), was a Hungarian--	Victor Vasarely	French
languages spoken or written	Emanuel Lasker (December 24, 1868 -- January 11, 1941) was a German chess player, mathematician, and philosopher who was World Chess Champion for 27 years (from 1894 to 1921).	Emanuel Lasker	German
languages spoken or written	Stéphane Brizé (born 18 October 1966) is a French film director, producer, screenwriter and actor.	Stéphane Brizé	French
languages spoken or written	Luis Ricardo Falero (1851 -- December 7, 1896), Duke of Labranzano, was a Spanish painter.	Luis Ricardo Falero	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Irina Ionesco (born September 3, 1930 ) is a French photographer born in Paris, France.	Irina Ionesco	French
languages spoken or written	Cresconius Africanus (Crisconius) was a Latin canon lawyer, of uncertain date and place.	Cresconius Africanus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Alonso de Montúfar y Bravo de Lagunas, O.P., was a Spanish Dominican friar and prelate of the Catholic Church, who ruled as the second Archbishop of Mexico from 1551 to his death in 1572.	Alonso de Montúfar	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Antònia Vicens i Picornell (born, Santanyí, Balearic Islands, 1941) is a Spanish writer in the Catalan language.	Antònia Vicens	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Georg Friedrich Creuzer (German: (ˈkʀɔɪtsɐ); 10 March 1771 -- 6 February 1858) was a German philologist and archaeologist.	Georg Friedrich Creuzer	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Christen Asbjørnsen (15 January 1812 -- 6 January 1885) was a Norwegian writer and scholar.	Peter Christen Asbjørnsen	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	José Luis Alcaine (born 26 December 1938) is a Spanish born cinematographer.	José Luis Alcaine	Spanish
languages spoken or written	José Bono Martínez (born December 14, 1950) is a Spanish politician, born in Salobre, Albacete.	José Bono Martínez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Franz Gehring (December 7, 1838 -- January 4, 1884) was a German writer on music.	Franz Gehring	German
languages spoken or written	Wladimir Troubetzkoy (10 October 1942 -- 2 June 2009) was a French literary historian of Polish-Belarusian-Russian origin.	Wladimir Troubetzkoy	French
languages spoken or written	Born 1944 in Eberswalde, Province of Brandenburg, Candida Höfer is a daughter of the German journalist Werner Höfer.	Candida Höfer	German
languages spoken or written	Ludwig Marum (1885--1934) was a Jewish German politician, an early victim of the Nazi Party after it came to power in 1933.	Ludwig Marum	German
languages spoken or written	José de Anchieta y Díaz de Clavijo, S.J. (19 March 1534 -- 9 June 1597) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary to the Portuguese colony of Brazil in the second half of the 16th century.	José de Anchieta	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre-Paul Grassé (November 27, 1895, Périgueux (Dordogne) -- July 9, 1985) was a French zoologist, author of over 300 publications including the influential 52-volume Traité de Zoologie.	Pierre-Paul Grassé	French
languages spoken or written	Zabelle C. Boyajian (Armenian: Զապել Պոյաճեան) (1873 -- January 26, 1957) was an Ottoman Armenian painter, writer, and translator, who lived most of her life in London.	Zabelle C. Boyajian	Armenian
languages spoken or written	Johann Christian Poggendorff (29 December 1796 -- 24 January 1877), was a German physicist born in Hamburg.	Johann Christian Poggendorff	German
languages spoken or written	Mariano de la Paz Graëlls y de la Aguera (1809 -- 1898) was a Spanish entomologist notable for pioneering work on the insects of corpses.	Mariano de la Paz Graëlls y de la Aguera	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ivon Hitchens (3 March 1893 -- 29 August 1979) was an English painter who started exhibiting during the 1920s.	Ivon Hitchens	English
languages spoken or written	Elvira Dones is an Albanian novelist, screenwriter, and documentary film producer.	Elvira Dones	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Hanns Zischler (born 18 June 1947) is a German actor most famous in America for his portrayal of Hans in Steven Spielberg's film Munich.	Hanns Zischler	German
languages spoken or written	Mahendra Bhatnagar (Hindi: महेंद्र भटनागर (Devanagari); born 26 June 1926) is a Hindi and Indian English poet from India.	Mahendra Bhatnagar	Hindi	English
languages spoken or written	Danilo Eccher (Tione, Italy, June 27, 1953) is an Italian art critic and curator.	Danilo Eccher	Italian
languages spoken or written	Gopinath Kaviraj (महामहोपाध्याय श्री गोपीनाथ कविराज) (7 September 1887 -- 12 June 1976) was a Sanskrit-Tantra scholar, Indologist and philosopher.	Gopinath Kaviraj	Sanskrit
languages spoken or written	Miguel Muñoz Mozún (19 January 1922 -- 16 July 1990) was a Spanish football player and manager.	Miguel Muñoz	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Julius Stettenheim (born 3 December 1831 in Hamburg, d. 30 October 1916 in Lichterfelde) was a German writer, author of humorous sketches, farces and musical comedies, who also wrote under the pseudonym ``Wippchen''.	Julius Stettenheim	German
languages spoken or written	Shlomo Zemach (Hebrew: שלמה צמח‎; born 2 June 1887, died 6 November 1974) was an Israeli author, agriculturalist and early Zionist pioneer.	Shlomo Zemach	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Said Akl (Arabic: سعيد عقل‎, saʿīd ʿaql, also transliterated Saïd Akl, Said Aql and Saeed Akl; 4 July 1911 or 1912 -- 28 November 2014) was a Lebanese poet, philosopher, writer, playwrighter and language reformer.	Said Akl	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Antonio del Real is a Spanish film director, actor and screenwriter.	Antonio del Real	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Arno Surminski (born 20 August 1934 in Jäglack, East Prussia) is a German writer, living in Hamburg, and a father of two.	Arno Surminski	German
languages spoken or written	Mehdi Ben Barka (1920 -- disappeared October 29, 1965; Arabic: المهدي بن بركة‎) was a Moroccan politician, head of the left-wing National Union of Popular Forces (UNPF) and secretary of the Tricontinental Conference.	Mehdi Ben Barka	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Géza Szőcs (born 21 August 1953) is an ethnic Hungarian poet and politician from Transylvania, Romania, who served as Secretary of State for Culture of the Ministry of National Resources in Hungary from 2 June 2010 to 13 June 2012.	Géza Szőcs	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Albert Szirmai (also Albert Sirmay) (2 July 1880 --15 January 1967) was a Hungarian operetta composer.	Albert Szirmai	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Sun Myung Moon (Korean 문선명 Mun Seon-myeong; born Mun Yong-myeong; 25 February 1920 -- 3 September 2012) was a Korean religious leader, businessperson, political activist, and media mogul.	Sun Myung Moon	Korean
languages spoken or written	Petra Procházková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈpɛtra ˈproxaːskovaː); born October 20, 1964 in Český Brod) is a Czech journalist and humanitarian worker.	Petra Procházková	Czech
languages spoken or written	Edward Fairfax (1580? -- 27 January 1635) was an English translator.	Edward Fairfax	English
languages spoken or written	Erwin Baur (16 April 1875, Ichenheim, Grand Duchy of Baden -- 2 December 1933) was a German geneticist and botanist.	Erwin Baur	German
languages spoken or written	Hadi Khorsandi (Persian: هادی خرسندی) is a contemporary Iranian poet and satirist.	Hadi Khorsandi	Persian
languages spoken or written	Henry Holden (1596 -- March 1662) was an English Roman Catholic priest, known as a theologian.	Henry Holden	English
languages spoken or written	Umar Kayam was an Indonesian sociologist and writer born in Ngawi, East Java, on April 30, 1932 and died on March 16, 2002.	Umar Kayam	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Simon Basinger (born 1957) is a French musicologist and essayist.	Simon Basinger	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Gervais full name François Louis Paul Gervaise (26 September 1816 -- 10 February 1879) was a French palaeontologist and entomologist.	Paul Gervais	French
languages spoken or written	Arnold Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller (13 July 1913 -- 16 April 2012) was a Danish shipping magnate.	Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller	Danish
languages spoken or written	Bosskey is an Indian film actor, Radio Jockey, Television anchor, stand-up comedian and film critic working in the Tamil film and media industry.	Bosskey	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Minette Walters (born 26 September 1949) is an English crime writer.	Minette Walters	English
languages spoken or written	Gianni Celati (born 1937 in Sondrio, Lombardy) is an Italian writer, translator and literary critic.	Gianni Celati	Italian
languages spoken or written	Michael Radford (born 24 February 1946) is an English film director and screenwriter.	Michael Radford	English
languages spoken or written	Philipp Tingler (born 1970 in West Berlin) is a Swiss and German writer, journalist, economist and philosopher.	Philipp Tingler	German
languages spoken or written	Dorothea Krook-Gilead (Hebrew: דורותיאה קרוק-גלעד b.1920, d.1989) was an Israeli literary scholar, a translator, and a professor of English literature at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and at Tel Aviv University.	Dorothea Krook-Gilead	English
languages spoken or written	Andrés del Corral (1748--1818) was a Spanish writer and archeologist.	Andrés del Corral	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Matthias Steinhart (born 17 April 1966 in Freiburg im Breisgau) is a German Classical archaeologist.	Matthias Steinhart	German
languages spoken or written	Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard (2 August 1802, Lille -- 28 April 1872, Lille) was a French cloth merchant by trade, but in the 1840s became a student of photography.	Louis Désiré Blanquart-Evrard	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Gustave Brunet (18 November 1805 -- 24 January 1896) was a French bibliographer, historian and editor.	Pierre Gustave Brunet	French
languages spoken or written	John George Phillimore (1808--1865) was an English barrister, known as a jurist and Liberal Party politician.	John George Phillimore	English
languages spoken or written	Otto Neurath (German: (ˈnɔʏʀaːt); December 10, 1882 -- December 22, 1945) was an Austrian philosopher of science, sociologist, and political economist.	Otto Neurath	German
languages spoken or written	Sreenath (Malayalam: ശ്രീനാഥ്; 26 August 1956 -- 23 April 2010) was a popular Malayalam film and television actor.	Sreenath	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Michel Odent is a French obstetrician and childbirth specialist.	Michel Odent	French
languages spoken or written	Naftali Herz Tur-Sinai (Hebrew: נפתלי הרץ טור-סיני‎; born 13 November 1886 -- 17 October 1973) was a Bible scholar, author, and linguist instrumental in the revival of the Hebrew language as a modern, spoken language.	Naftali Herz Tur-Sinai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Michael Madhusudan Dutt, or Michael Madhusudan Dutta (Bengali: মাইকেল মধুসূদন দত্ত ( Maikel Modhushudôn Dôtto ); 25 January 1824 -- 29 June 1873) was a popular 19th-century Bengali poet and dramatist.	Michael Madhusudan Dutt	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Giuseppe Sergi (March 20, 1841 -- October 17, 1936) was an influential Italian anthropologist of the early twentieth century, best known for his opposition to Nordicism in his books on the racial identity of ancient Mediterranean peoples.	Giuseppe Sergi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Juan de Zumárraga (1468 -- June 3, 1548) was a Spanish Basque Franciscan prelate and first bishop of Mexico.	Juan de Zumárraga	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Franz Xaver Kroetz (born 25 February 1946, Munich) is a German author, playwright, actor and film director.	Franz Xaver Kroetz	German
languages spoken or written	Mariangelo Accorso (Latin: Accursio or Accursius; 1489 or 1490 -- 1544 or 1546) was an Italian writer and critic.	Mariangelo Accorso	Latin
languages spoken or written	Matías de Gálvez y Gallardo (ca. 1725 -- November 3, 1784) was a Spanish general, the Captain General of Guatemala from April 1779 to 3 April 1783, and Viceroy of New Spain from 29 April 1783 to 3 November 1784.	Matías de Gálvez y Gallardo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Norbert Hummelt (born in 1962 in Neuss) is a German poet, essayist and translator.	Norbert Hummelt	German
languages spoken or written	Claudio Merulo (Italian pronunciation: (ˈklaudjo ˈmɛrulo); 8 April 1533 -- 4 May 1604) was an Italian composer, publisher and organist of the late Renaissance period, most famous for his innovative keyboard music and his ensemble music composed in the Venetian polychoral style.	Claudio Merulo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Erich Wiesner (17 April 1897 -- 16 October 1968) was a German communist Politician and last German Mayor of Stettin (today Szczecin).	Erich Wiesner	German
languages spoken or written	Matías Prats Luque (b. Madrid, 14 September 1952) is a Spanish sports and news journalist.	Matías Prats Luque	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jacques Laskar (born 28 April 1955 in Paris) is a French astronomer.	Jacques Laskar	French
languages spoken or written	Gaspar Gil Polo (1530? - 1591), Spanish novelist and poet, was born at Valencia.	Gaspar Gil Polo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hagen Rether (born October 8, 1969 in Bucharest) is a German political cabaret artist and musician.	Hagen Rether	German
languages spoken or written	Stig Holmås (born 25 February 1946) is a Norwegian librarian, poet, novelist and children's writer.	Stig Holmås	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Gustave-Adolphe Hirn (August 21, 1815 - January 14, 1890) was a French physicist, astronomer.	Gustave-Adolphe Hirn	French
languages spoken or written	Gaston Gradis (7 May 1889 -- 15 January 1968) was a French businessman and explorer.	Gaston Gradis	French
languages spoken or written	Jacques Fradin (1954 in France) is a physician and cognitive and behavioural therapist (member of the French Association for Cognitive and Behavioural Therapy).	Jacques Fradin	French
languages spoken or written	Domokos Kosáry (July 31, 1913 -- November 15, 2007) was a Hungarian historian and writer who served as president of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1990 until 1996.	Domokos Kosáry	Hungarian
languages spoken or written	Janosch (real name Horst Eckert) (born March 11, 1931) is one of the best-known German artists and children's book authors.	Janosch	German
languages spoken or written	Timoléon Cheminais de Montaigu was a French Jesuit pulpit orator.	Timoléon Cheminais de Montaigu	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Bordes (12 May 1863 -- 8 November 1909) was a French music teacher and composer.	Charles Bordes	French
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Maria Lancisi (26 October 1654 -- 20 January 1720) was an Italian physician, epidemiologist and anatomist who made a correlation between the presence of mosquitoes and the prevalence of malaria.	Giovanni Maria Lancisi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni (November 21, 1692 -- December 20, 1768) was an Italian poet and librettist.	Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Peter Swirski is Distinguished Visiting Professor at the University of Silesia, Poland, Distinguished Professor of American Studies and Literature at the Department of English, SYSU, Senior Research Associate at the Wirth Institute at the University of Alberta, Canada, and Honorary Professor at the American Studies Center at Jinan University.	Peter Swirski	English
languages spoken or written	Altero Matteoli (born 8 September 1940) is an Italian politician, member of Forza Italia party, and an accountant and executive manager.	Altero Matteoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sabahattin Eyüboğlu (1908 -- January 13, 1973) was a Turkish writer, essayist, translator and film producer.	Sabahattin Eyüboğlu	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Xandru Fernández (born 1970 in Turón, Asturias, Spain) is an Asturian language writer.	Xandru Fernández	Asturian
languages spoken or written	Harry Tisch (March 28, 1927 in Heinrichswalde -- June 18, 1995) was the head of the Free German Trade Union Federation between 1975 and 1989.	Harry Tisch	German
languages spoken or written	Bárbara Lennie Holguín (born 20 April 1984 in Madrid), better known as Bárbara Lennie, is a Spanish actress.	Bárbara Lennie	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Richard Georg Spiller von Hauenschild, better known by his pseudonym Max Waldau (10 March 1825 -- 20 January 1855), was a German poet and novelist.	Max Waldau	German
languages spoken or written	Vincent Placcius (1642-1699) was a German writer, professor, jurist and polymath.	Vincent Placcius	German
languages spoken or written	Antonio del Corro (Corrano, de Corran, Corranus) (Seville, 1527-London, 1591) was a Spanish monk who became a Protestant convert.	Antonio del Corro	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Guillaume-Jules Hoüel (born 7 April 1823 in Thaon; died 14 June 1886 in Périers) was a French mathematician.	Jules Hoüel	French
languages spoken or written	Vitomil Zupan (18 January 1914 -- 14 May 1987) was a post-World War II modernist Slovene writer and Gonars concentration camp survivor.	Vitomil Zupan	Slovene
languages spoken or written	Jens-Peter Bonde emerged from the Danish Left of the 1970s, however he has been on the centre-left for most of the past three decades.	Jens-Peter Bonde	Danish
languages spoken or written	Umberto Guidoni (born in Rome 18 August 1954) is an Italian astrophysicist, science writer and a former ESA astronaut, being the first European to visit the International Space Station.	Umberto Guidoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	The Reverend John Collingwood Bruce, FSA (1805--1892) was an English nonconformist minister and schoolmaster, known as a historian of Tyneside and author.	John Collingwood Bruce	English
languages spoken or written	Jean-François Senault (1599--1672) was a French Augustinian philosopher.	Jean-François Senault	French
languages spoken or written	Pandit Narendra Sharma (1913 - 12 February 1989) was an Indian writer, poet and lyricist in Hindi language.	Pandit Narendra Sharma	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Hermann von Mallinckrodt (5 February 1821, Minden -- 26 May 1874) was a German parliamentarian from the Province of Westphalia.	Hermann von Mallinckrodt	German
languages spoken or written	Kurzbiografie (German) Literature by and about Ruth Aspöck in the German National Library catalogue (German)	Ruth Aspöck	German
languages spoken or written	Jerzy Bartmiński (1939--present) is a Polish linguist and ethnologist.	Jerzy Bartmiński	Polish
languages spoken or written	Albert Félix Dubois (16 September 1862 -- 1 June 1945) was a French journalist, explorer and speculator who is best known for his books about his travels in French West Africa.	Félix Dubois	French
languages spoken or written	Anna Murià i Romaní (pseudonym, Romaní; 21 May 1904 -- 27 September 2002) was a Spanish narrator, translator, literary critic, and journalist of Catalan descent who wrote short stories, novels, children's literature, and essays.	Anna Murià	Spanish	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Sir Alfred Seale Haslam (1844--1927), was an English engineer who was Mayor of Derby from 1890 to 1891, three times Mayor of Newcastle under Lyme, and Member of Parliament for Newcastle under Lyme from 1900 to 1906.	Alfred Seale Haslam	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Ordóñez Araujo (February 16, 1932 -- December 19, 1998) was a famous Spanish bullfighter.	Antonio Ordóñez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sir John Blundell Maple, 1st Baronet (1 March 1845 -- 24 November 1903) was an English business magnate who owned the furniture maker Maple & Co.	John Blundell Maple	English
languages spoken or written	Thomas Gaisford (22 December 1779 -- 2 June 1855) was an English classical scholar and clergyman.	Thomas Gaisford	English
languages spoken or written	Eva Turnová (born 1966) is a Czech singer, songwriter, bass guitarist, teacher, translator and actress.	Eva Turnová	Czech
languages spoken or written	Philippe Muller is a French cellist.	Philippe Muller	French
languages spoken or written	Helene Stöcker (13 November 1869, Wuppertal -- 24 February 1943, New York) was a German feminist, pacifist and sexual reformer.	Helene Stöcker	German
languages spoken or written	After a speech, M. Sue Riley, an English teacher at Carol City, approached Bob Graham and said, ``The only problem with members of the Education Committee is nobody has any experience in education.''	Bob Graham	English
languages spoken or written	Walther Herwig (February 25, 1838, Bad Arolsen, Waldeck - December 16, 1912) was a Prussian administrative lawyer, and the founder of the German fisheries science.	Walther Herwig	German
languages spoken or written	Frans Eemil Sillanpää ( pronunciation ) (16 September 1888 -- 3 June 1964) was one of the most famous Finnish writers and in 1939 became the first Finnish writer to be awarded the Nobel Prize for literature.	Frans Eemil Sillanpää	Finnish
languages spoken or written	Lauritz Johnson (September 21, 1906 -- February 7, 1992) was a Norwegian novelist, children's writer, and radio and television host.	Lauritz Johnson	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Carlo Porta (June 15, 1775 -- January 5, 1821) was an Italian poet, the most famous writer in Milanese (the central dialect of the Western Lombard language).	Carlo Porta	Italian
languages spoken or written	Zhu Ziqing (November 22, 1898 -- August 12, 1948), born Zhu Zihua, was a renowned Chinese poet and essayist.	Zhu Ziqing	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Günther Stein or Gunther Stein was a German print journalist.	Günther Stein	German
languages spoken or written	Colonel Sir Henry Wilmot, 5th Baronet Wilmot of Chaddesden VC KCB (3 February 1831 -- 7 April 1901) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Sir Henry Wilmot, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Raffaele Rossetti (12 July 1881 - 24 December 1951) was an Italian engineer and military naval officer who sank the main battleship of the Austro-Hungarian Empire at the end of World War I. He was also a politician of the Italian Republican Party.	Raffaele Rossetti	Italian
languages spoken or written	Javier Gómez Darmendrail (Madrid, Spain 7 March 1949) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).	Javier Gómez Darmendrail	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Sebald Beham (1500--1550) was a German painter and printmaker, especially noted for his engravings.	Sebald Beham	German
languages spoken or written	Annie Jay (born in 1957) is a French children's writer.	Annie Jay	French
languages spoken or written	Philippe Pinel (French: (pinɛl); 20 April 1745 -- 25 October 1826) was a French physician who was instrumental in the development of a more humane psychological approach to the custody and care of psychiatric patients, referred to today as moral therapy.	Philippe Pinel	French
languages spoken or written	Bhisham Sahni (8 August 1915 -- 11 July 2003) was a Hindi writer, playwright, and actor, most famous for his novel and television screenplay Tamas (``Darkness, Ignorance''), a powerful and passionate account of the Partition of India.	Bhisham Sahni	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Louis Faury (21 July 1874 -- 14 January 1947) was a French military commander.	Louis Faury	French
languages spoken or written	Tom George Longstaff (15 January 1875 -- 27 June 1964) was an English doctor, explorer and mountaineer, most famous for being the first person to climb a summit of over 7,000 meters in elevation, Trisul, in the India/Pakistann Himalaya in 1907.	Tom George Longstaff	English
languages spoken or written	Luigi Cocilovo (born 7 October 1947, in Palermo) is an Italian Member of the European Parliament and a University researcher in Law.	Luigi Cocilovo	Italian
languages spoken or written	Plutarco Haza (Spanish pronunciation: (pluˈtarko ˈasa); born 22 June 1972) is a Mexican actor raised in Mazatlán, Sinaloa.	Plutarco Haza	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Edvin Sugarev (Bulgarian: Едвин Сугарев), (born 27 December 1953) in Sofia, is a Bulgarian poet and politician.	Edvin Sugarev	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Hans Schaul (13 December 1905 -- 19 May 1988) was a German politician and a long-standing legally trained Party Newspaper managing-editor.	Hans Schaul	German
languages spoken or written	For many years, printed editions of the works of Josephus appeared only in an imperfect Latin translation from the original Greek.	Josephus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Arthur Pougin (French: (puʒɛ̃) 6 August 1834 -- 8 August 1921) was a French musical and dramatic critic and writer.	Arthur Pougin	French
languages spoken or written	Atahualpa Yupanqui (Spanish pronunciation: (ataˈwalpa ʝuˈpaŋki); 31 January 1908 -- 23 May 1992) (in Quechua, He who comes from faraway lands to say something) was an Argentine singer, songwriter, guitarist, and writer.	Atahualpa Yupanqui	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Johann Ernst Glück (Latvian: Ernsts Gliks; 10 November 1652 -- 5 May 1705) was a German translator and Lutheran theologian active in Livonia, which is now in Latvia.	Johann Ernst Glück	German
languages spoken or written	Calistrat Hogaș (born Calistrat Dumitriu; April 19, 1848 -- August 28, 1917) was a Moldavian-born Romanian prose writer.	Calistrat Hogaș	Romanian
languages spoken or written	René-Louis Baire (French: (bɛʁ); 21 January 1874 -- 5 July 1932) was a French mathematician most famous for his Baire category theorem, which helped to generalize and prove future theorems.	René-Louis Baire	French
languages spoken or written	Paul Åström (January 15, 1929 -- October 4, 2008) was a Swedish archaeologist and classical scholar.	Paul Åström	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Berl Katznelson (Hebrew: ברל כצנלסון‎, 25 January 1887 -- 12 August 1944) was one of the intellectual founders of Labor Zionism, instrumental to the establishment of the modern state of Israel, and the editor of Davar, the first daily newspaper of the workers' movement.	Berl Katznelson	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Charles Renard (1847--1905) born in Damblain, Vosges, was a French military engineer.	Charles Renard	French
languages spoken or written	Sharmila Tagore (also known as Begum Ayesha Sultana; born 8 December 1946) is an Indian film actress known for her works predominantly in Hindi cinema.	Sharmila Tagore	Hindi
languages spoken or written	Vjekoslav Kaleb (27 September 1905 -- 13 April 1996) was a Croatian short story writer and novelist.	Vjekoslav Kaleb	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Antoine Magnan (13 June 1881 -- 5 March 1938) was a French zoologist and aeronautical engineer who studied the flight of insects and birds for possible lessons to apply to powered flight.	Antoine Magnan	French
languages spoken or written	Sara Levi-Tanai (Hebrew: שרה לוי-תנאי‎; c. 1910 -- 3 October 2005) was an Israeli choreographer and song writer.	Sara Levi-Tanai	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Antoine Westermann (born in 1946 in the north of Alsace) is a French chef.	Antoine Westermann	French
languages spoken or written	Toni Strubell i Trueta (born 25 June 1952 in Oxford, England) is a Catalan linguist, son of Michael B. Strubell and Amèlia Trueta (daughter of Josep Trueta i Raspall) and brother of Miquel Strubell i Trueta.	Toni Strubell i Trueta	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Diego Arias de Miranda (December 1, 1845, Aranda de Duero -- June 28, 1929) was a Spanish politician linked to Christian naturalism.	Diego Arias de Miranda	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Pierre Mertens (born 9 October 1939) is a Belgian French-speaking writer and lawyer who specializes in international law, director of the Centre de sociologie de la littérature at the Université Libre de Bruxelles, and literary critic with the newspaper Le Soir.	Pierre Mertens	French
languages spoken or written	Cabret was a Spanish translator active towards the end of the fourteenth century.	Cabret	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Louis Joseph Ferdinand Hérold (28 January 1791 -- 19 January 1833), better known as Ferdinand Hérold (pronounced: (fɛʁdinɑ̃ eʁɔld)), was a French operatic composer of Alsatian descent who also wrote many pieces for the piano, orchestra, and the ballet.	Ferdinand Hérold	French
languages spoken or written	David Kynaston (/ˈkɪnəstən/; born 30 July 1951 in Aldershot) is an English historian specializing in the social history of England.	David Kynaston	English
languages spoken or written	Mónica Estarreado (born 29 June 1975, in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish actress.	Mónica Estarreado	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Jean Louis de Nogaret de La Valette (1554--1642), created Duke of Épernon, was a powerful member of the French nobility at the turn of the 16th century.	Jean Louis de Nogaret de La Valette	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Wesley (/ˈwɛsli, ˈwɛzli/; 18 December 1707 -- 29 March 1788) was an English leader of the Methodist movement, most widely known for writing more than 6,000 hymns.	Charles Wesley	English
languages spoken or written	Magnus Hirschfeld (14 May 1868 -- 14 May 1935) was a Jewish German physician and sexologist educated primarily in Germany; he based his practice in Berlin-Charlottenburg.	Magnus Hirschfeld	German
languages spoken or written	Elia Levita (13 February 1469 -- 28 January 1549), (Hebrew: אליהו בן אשר הלוי אשכנזי) also known as Elijah Levita, Elias Levita, Élie Lévita, Elia Levita Ashkenazi, Eliahu Bakhur (``Eliahu the Bachelor'') was a Renaissance Hebrew grammarian, scholar and poet.	Elia Levita	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Henning Graf Reventlow, full name Henning Lothar Gert Count Reventlow (September 22, 1929 - September 9, 2010) was a German Protestant theologian, Old Testament scholar and university professor.	Henning Graf Reventlow	German
languages spoken or written	Étienne Louis Geoffroy (October 12, 1725 -- August 12, 1810) was a French entomologist and pharmacist.	Étienne Louis Geoffroy	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Edwin Arnold KCIE CSI (10 June 1832 -- 24 March 1904) was an English poet and journalist, who is most known for his work, The Light of Asia.	Edwin Arnold	English
languages spoken or written	Giampiero Galeazzi (born 18 May 1946) is an Italian former competition rower, sport journalist, commentator and television personality.	Giampiero Galeazzi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Alberto Undiano Mallenco (born 8 October 1973 in Pamplona) is a Spanish football referee who currently resides in Ansoáin.	Alberto Undiano Mallenco	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Otto Benndorf (September 13, 1838 -- January 2, 1907) was a German-Austrian archaeologist who was a native of Greiz.	Otto Benndorf	German
languages spoken or written	Zuber Usman (12 December 1916 -- 25 July 1976) was an Indonesian teacher and writer, known as an early pioneer of Indonesian literary criticism.	Zuber Usman	Indonesian
languages spoken or written	Luis María Larrañaga Merlo (born June 13, 1966), known as Luis Merlo, is a Spanish actor.	Luis Merlo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Nathalie Luca (born 1966) is a French research director at the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS), an anthropologist and a sociologist of religions.	Nathalie Luca	French
languages spoken or written	Malsachanus, Irish Latin writer, fl.	Malsachanus	Latin
languages spoken or written	Andrés Marcos Burriel y López (1719--1762) was a Spanish Jesuit historian, essayist, notable for editing Miguel Venegas' Empresas Apostólicas and publishing it using Venegas' name as Noticia de la California in 1757.	Andrés Marcos Burriel	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Ante Ciliga (20 February 1898 - 21 October 1992) was a Croatian politician, writer and publisher.	Ante Ciliga	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Gudrun Ensslin (German: (ˈɡuːdʁuːn ˈɛnsliːn); 15 August 1940 -- 18 October 1977) was a founder of the German urban guerilla group Red Army Faction (Rote Armee Fraktion, or RAF, also known as the Baader-Meinhof Gang).	Gudrun Ensslin	German
languages spoken or written	Philippe Cuper is a French clarinetist, born in Lille on April 25, 1957.	Philippe Cuper	French
languages spoken or written	Hortensia Papadat-Bengescu (Romanian pronunciation: (horˈtensi.a papaˈdat benˈd͡ʒesku); 8 December 1876 -- 5 March 1955 in Bucharest) was a novelist of the Romanian interwar period.	Hortensia Papadat-Bengescu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Friar Nicolás Borrás (1530--1610) was a Spanish Renaissance painter, active in Valencia.	Nicolás Borrás	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Maestro Reverendo, (born Ángel Muñoz-Alonso; 1955 - 7 September 2012) was a Spanish musician and composer.	Maestro Reverendo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Octave-Louis Aubert, (1870--1950) was a French editor and writer associated with Breton nationalism.	Octave-Louis Aubert	French
languages spoken or written	Alain Ducasse (French: (alɛ̃ dykas); born 13 September 1956) is a Monégasque chef.	Alain Ducasse	French
languages spoken or written	Abel Matutes y Juan (born 31 October 1941) is a Spanish politician who served as Spain's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 6 May 1996 to 2000.	Abel Matutes	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Hermann Schroeder (26 March 1904 -- 7 October 1984) was a German composer and a Catholic church musician.	Hermann Schroeder	German
languages spoken or written	Stephen Kelman is an English novelist, whose debut novel Pigeon English was a shortlisted nominee for the 2011 Man Booker Prize.	Stephen Kelman	English
languages spoken or written	A German and a Roman, Jakob Streit;	Jakob Streit	German
languages spoken or written	Adrià Pina (born 1959) is a Spanish painter from L’Alcudia, Valencia.	Adrià Pina	Spanish
languages spoken or written	André Fau (Paris November 13, 1896, January 31, 1982) was a French post-Cubist artist, architect, ceramist, song-writer, poet born in Paris.	André Fau	French
languages spoken or written	Xavier Romero Frías (born 1954) is a Spanish writer and scholar.	Xavier Romero Frías	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Theo Uittenbogaard (born Amstelveen, Nieuwer-Amstel, Netherlands, 1946) is a Dutch radio & TV-producer, who worked for almost all nationwide public networks in The Netherlands since 1965.	Theo Uittenbogaard	Dutch
languages spoken or written	Cyril Lincoln Sibusiso Nyembezi (1919--2000) was a South African writer known as a Zulu novelist, poet, scholar, teacher and editor.	Sibusiso Nyembezi	Zulu
languages spoken or written	José Luis Molinuevo (22 January 1917 -- 24 December 2002) was a Spanish football manager and player.	José Luis Molinuevo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Joachim Illies (March 23, 1925 - June 3, 1982) was a German biologist, entomologist and author.	Joachim Illies	German
languages spoken or written	Mahmoud Bodo Rasch (born 12 May 1943) is a German architect who specializes in the construction of large convertible umbrellas and lightweight structures.	Mahmoud Bodo Rasch	German
languages spoken or written	Franz Ackermann (born 1963 in Neumarkt-Sankt Veit, Bavaria) is a German painter and installation artist based in Berlin.	Franz Ackermann	German
languages spoken or written	Navya Natarajan is an Indian film actress mainly acted in Malayalam , Kannada and Telugu films.	Navya Natarajan	Malayalam
languages spoken or written	Andrey Sheptytsky, O.S.B.M., (Ukrainian: Митрополит Андрей Шептицький; Polish: Andrzej Szeptycki; July 29, 1865 -- November 1, 1944) was the Metropolitan Archbishop of the Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church from 1901 until his death in 1944.	Andrey Sheptytsky	Ukrainian
languages spoken or written	Gerald Martin (London 1944) studied Spanish, French and Portuguese at Bristol (1965) and received his PhD in Latin American Literature from the University of Edinburgh (1970).	Gerald Martin	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Daniel Domscheit-Berg (né Berg; born 1978), previously known under the pseudonym Daniel Schmitt, is a German technology activist.	Daniel Domscheit-Berg	German
languages spoken or written	Maurice François Alfred Martin van Miële (October 12, 1863 -- September 5, 1926), better known by his pseudonym Martin van Maële, was a French illustrator of early 20th century literature.	Martin van Maële	French
languages spoken or written	Nexhmije Hoxha ((nɛdʒmijɛ ˈhɔdʒa); born February 7, 1921) is the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha.	Nexhmije Hoxha	Albanian
languages spoken or written	Johann Friedrich Gmelin (8 August 1748 -- 1 November 1804) was a German naturalist, botanist, entomologist, herpetologist and malacologist.	Johann Friedrich Gmelin	German
languages spoken or written	Àngel Guimerà i Jorge (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈaɲʒəɫ ɣiməˈɾa)) (6 May 1845 -- 18 July 1924) was a Spanish writer, born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Canary Islands, to a Catalan father and a Canary islander mother.	Àngel Guimerà	Catalan	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Fujiwara Takanobu (Japanese: 藤原 隆信) (1142--1205) was one of the leading Japanese portrait artists of his day.	Fujiwara Takanobu	Japanese
languages spoken or written	Wang Bi (226--249), courtesy name Fusi (辅嗣), was a Chinese neo-Daoist philosopher.	Wang Bi	Chinese
languages spoken or written	Elio Vito is an Italian politician, member of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy since 1992.	Elio Vito	Italian
languages spoken or written	Olivier Jules Richard (22 March 1836 -- 7 January 1896) was a French botanist, mycologist and lichenologist who published on the anatomy and symbiosis of lichens.	Olivier Jules Richard	French
languages spoken or written	Sir Roger Meredith, 5th Baronet (c. 1677 -- 31 December 1738) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1727 to 1734.	Sir Roger Meredith, 5th Baronet	English
languages spoken or written	Luigi Illica (9 May 1857 -- 16 December 1919) was an Italian librettist who wrote for Giacomo Puccini (usually with Giuseppe Giacosa), Alfredo Catalani, Umberto Giordano, Baron Alberto Franchetti and other important Italian composers.	Luigi Illica	Italian
languages spoken or written	Rafael Masó i Valentí(Catalan pronunciation: (rəˈfɛɫ məˈso))(1880-1935) was one of the most outstanding Catalan architects of the early 20th century.	Rafael Masó i Valentí	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Ramón Massó Tarruella (born 1928, Pallejà) is a Spanish media and communications expert and a former Carlist politician.	Ramón Massó Tarruella	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Vaiyapuri, born Ramakrishnan, is a Tamil film actor who mostly plays a comedian.	Vaiyapuri	Tamil
languages spoken or written	Gerd Buchdahl (12 August 1914 -- 17 May 2001) was a German-English philosopher of science.	Gerd Buchdahl	English
languages spoken or written	Gianni Baget Bozzo (March 8, 1925 -- May 8, 2009) was an Italian Catholic priest and politician.	Gianni Baget Bozzo	Italian
languages spoken or written	André Duval (born April 21, 1920) is a French-Canadian author and historian.	André Duval	French
languages spoken or written	Juan José Urráburu (1844-1904) was a Spanish Jesuit and a scholastic philosopher.	Juan José Urráburu	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eugen Suchoň (September 25, 1908 -- August 5, 1993) was one of the most important Slovak composers of the 20th century.	Eugen Suchoň	Slovak
languages spoken or written	Mario Landolfi (born 6 June 1959) is an Italian politician, served as a member of the parliament and minister of communications.	Mario Landolfi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Heidi Genée (22 October 1938 -- 26 September 2005) was a German film editor, director and screenwriter.	Heidi Genée	German
languages spoken or written	Musa Kâzım Karabekir (23 July 1882 -- 26 January 1948) was a Turkish general and politician.	Kâzım Karabekir	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Raül Tortosa is a Spanish actor born in Terrassa (Barcelona).	Raül Tortosa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Eva Illouz (Hebrew: אווה אילוז‎) (born April 30, 1961 in Fes, Morocco) is a full professor of sociology at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.	Eva Illouz	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Carlo Falconi (1915 -- 24 September 1998) was an Italian journalist and writer about Roman Catholicism.	Carlo Falconi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Vito Pallavicini (22 April 1924 -- 16 August 2007) was an Italian lyricist.	Vito Pallavicini	Italian
languages spoken or written	Richard Sims Donkin (27 August 1836 -- 5 February 1919) was an English shipowner and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1900.	Richard Sims Donkin	English
languages spoken or written	Antonio Colinas Lobato is a Spanish writer (poet, novelist, journalist, translator, essayist) and intellectual who was born in La Bañeza, León, Spain on January 30, 1946.	Antonio Colinas	Spanish
languages spoken or written	George Messo (born April 10, 1969) is an expatriate English poet and translator who was born in rural Lincolnshire, near the town of Barton-Upon-Humber.	George Messo	English
languages spoken or written	José Ramírez de Arellano, also José Ramírez Benavides, (1705-March 27, 1770), was a Spanish Baroque architect and sculptor.	José Ramírez de Arellano	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Kurt Benirschke (born May 26, 1924) is a German-born American pathologist, geneticist and expert on the placenta and reproduction in humans and myriad mammalian species.	Kurt Benirschke	German
languages spoken or written	Valdis Dombrovskis (born 5 August 1971) is a Latvian politician and the current European Commissioner for the Euro and Social Dialogue since November 2014.	Valdis Dombrovskis	Latvian
languages spoken or written	Pietro Ingrao (March 30, 1915 -- September 27, 2015) was an Italian politician, journalist and former partisan.	Pietro Ingrao	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jürgen Partenheimer (born 14 May 1947 in Munich, Germany) is among the most renowned German artists of his generation.	Jürgen Partenheimer	German
languages spoken or written	Nasib Arida (Arabic: نسيب عريضة‎ / ALA-LC: Nasīb 'Arīḍah; 1887--1946) was a Syrian-born poet and writer and a founding member of the New York Pen League.	Nasib Arida	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Max Ackermann (5 October 1887 -- 14 November 1975) was a German painter and graphic artist of abstract works and representational art.	Max Ackermann	German
languages spoken or written	Naum Veqilharxhi born Naum Bredhi (1797-1854) was an Albanian lawyer and scholar.	Naum Veqilharxhi	Albanian
languages spoken or written	David Ferdinand Koreff (1 February 1783 -- 15 May 1851) was a German physician who was a personal doctor of Staatskanzler Karl August von Hardenberg and occupied one of the two chairs for animal magnetism created in 1817 at the University of Berlin.	David Ferdinand Koreff	German
languages spoken or written	Adalberto Libera (Italian pronunciation: (adal'bɛrto ˈliːbera); 16 July 1903 - 17 March 1963) is one of the most representative architects of the Italian Modern movement.	Adalberto Libera	Italian
languages spoken or written	Sir Robert Hermann Schomburgk (5 June 1804 -- 11 March 1865) was a German-born explorer for Great Britain who carried out geographical, ethnological and botanical studies in South America and the West Indies, and also fulfilled diplomatic missions for Great Britain in the Dominican Republic and Thailand.	Robert Hermann Schomburgk	German
languages spoken or written	Peter Przygodda (26 October 1941 -- 2 October 2011) was a German filmmaker, best known for editing Wim Wenders' films.	Peter Przygodda	German
languages spoken or written	Pertev Naili Boratav, born Mustafa Pertev (September 2, 1907 -- March 16, 1998) was a Turkish folklorist and researcher of folk literature.	Pertev Naili Boratav	Turkish
languages spoken or written	Suniti Ashok Deshpande (pronounced 'DESH-paan-day'), (सुनीति अशोक देशपांडे, Сунити Ашок Дешпанд) (November 8, 1954 -- September 23, 2015) was an Indian educator, writer, translator and interpreter, best known for her work on spreading the Russian language and culture in India.	Suniti Ashok Deshpande	Russian
languages spoken or written	Ponç de la Guàrdia (or Pons de la Guardia; fl. 1154--1188) was a Catalan knight of the family of Saguàrdia, lords of the castle of Ripoll.	Ponç de la Guàrdia	Catalan
languages spoken or written	Hedd Wyn (born Ellis Humphrey Evans, 13 January 1887 -- 31 July 1917) was a Welsh language poet who was killed during the Battle of Passchendaele in World War I. He was posthumously awarded the bard's chair at the 1917 National Eisteddfod.	Hedd Wyn	Welsh
languages spoken or written	Magnus Celsius (16 January 1621--5 May 1679) was a Swedish astronomer and mathematician, decipherer of the staveless runes.	Magnus Celsius	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Franco Maria Ricci (born December 2, 1937 in Parma) is an Italian art publisher.	Franco Maria Ricci	Italian
languages spoken or written	Stanisław Bereś (born May 4, 1950) is a Polish poet, literary critic, translator and literary historian.	Stanisław Bereś	Polish
languages spoken or written	Malcolm Andrew is an author, teacher and scholar who was previously Professor of English Language and Literature at Queen's University Belfast.	Malcolm Andrew	English
languages spoken or written	Otto F. Walter (5 June 1928 born as Otto Friedrich Walter -- 24 September 1994) was a Swiss publisher (Walter Verlag), author and novelist, which is well-known in the German language countries.	Otto F. Walter	German
languages spoken or written	'Abd al-Razzaq al-Hasani (Arabic: عبد الرزاق الحسني‎) (1903--1997) was an Iraqi historian and politician.	'Abd al-Razzaq al-Hasani	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Marie Bonnevial (28 June 1841 - 4 December 1918) was a French teacher and women's rights activist.	Marie Bonnevial	French
languages spoken or written	Pierre Charles Baquoy (July 27, 1759 -- February 4, 1829) was a French painter and engraver, known for depictions of famous historical characters.	Pierre Charles Baquoy	French
languages spoken or written	Joakim Stulić, also Joakim Stulli as styled by himself, (1730--1817) was a lexicographer from the Republic of Ragusa, the author of the biggest dictionary in the older Croatian lexicography.	Joakim Stulić	Croatian
languages spoken or written	Jean-Barthélémy Camille Polonceau (29 October 1813 -- 21 September 1859) was a French railway systems engineer.	Camille Polonceau	French
languages spoken or written	Violet Trefusis (née Keppel; 6 June 1894 -- 29 February 1972) was an English writer and socialite.	Violet Trefusis	English
languages spoken or written	Nikolai Vladimirovich Nekrasov (Russian: Николай Владимирович Некрасов) (18 December 1900--4 October 1938) was a Russian Esperanto writer, translator, and critic.	Nikolai Vladimirovich Nekrasov	Esperanto
languages spoken or written	Arturo Martini (1889--1947) was a leading Italian sculptor between World War I and II. He moved between a very vigorous (almost ancient Roman) classicism and modernism.	Arturo Martini	Italian
languages spoken or written	John Rastell (or Rastall) (c. 1475 -- 1536) was an English printer, author, member of parliament, and barrister.	John Rastell	English
languages spoken or written	Ben Wheatley (born 1972) is an English director of feature films, TV comedy shows, adverts and idents, animated shorts and internet viral ads.	Ben Wheatley	English
languages spoken or written	Salvador Aulestia (November 13, 1915 - June 1994), was a Spanish painter, sculptor, drawer and writer born in Barcelona (Spain).	Salvador Aulestia	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Count Carlo Pepoli (22 July 1796 -- 7 December 1881) was an Italian politician and journalist.	Carlo Pepoli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Agnes von Krusenstjerna (October 9, 1894 -- March 10, 1940) was a Swedish writer and noble.	Agnes von Krusenstjerna	Swedish
languages spoken or written	August Gottlieb Richter (13 April 1742 -- 23 July 1812) was a German surgeon, born in Zörbig, Saxony.	August Gottlieb Richter	German
languages spoken or written	Guido Piovene (27 July 1907 - 12 November 1974) was an Italian writer and journalist.	Guido Piovene	Italian
languages spoken or written	Saud al-Dosari (Arabic: سعود الدوسري‎‎; 24 September 1968 -- 7 August 2015) was a Saudi television presenter, best known for his work for the Middle East Broadcasting Center (MBC).	Saud al-Dosari	Arabic
languages spoken or written	Dr Basel Ghattas (Arabic: باسل غطاس‎, Hebrew: באסל גטאס‎; born 23 March 1956) is an Israeli Arab politician.	Basel Ghattas	Arabic	Hebrew
languages spoken or written	Napoléon Peyrat (20 January 1809 -- 4 April 1881) was a French author and historian from Les Bordes-sur-Arize (French: Les Bordes-sur-Arize).	Napoléon Peyrat	French
languages spoken or written	Fang Xiaoru (Chinese: 方孝孺; pinyin: Fāng Xìaorú) was an orthodox Confucian scholar-bureaucrat of the Ming Dynasty, famous for his continuation of the Jinhua school of Zhu Xi and later for his loyalty to his former pupil, the Jianwen Emperor, who died in the rebellion of the Prince of Yan.	Fang Xiaoru	Chinese
languages spoken or written	František Ladislav Rieger (December 18, 1818 -- March 3, 1903) was a Czech politician and publicist made famous for his leadership of the early Czech nationalist movement.	František Ladislav Rieger	Czech
languages spoken or written	Stefano Benni (born 12 August 1947 in Bologna) is an Italian satirical writer, poet and journalist.	Stefano Benni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Iwan Bloch (also known as Ivan Bloch) (April 8, 1872 -- November 21, 1922) was a German dermatologist.	Iwan Bloch	German
languages spoken or written	José María Merino is a Spanish novelist born in A Coruña, Galicia on 5 March 1941.	José María Merino	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Alexandre de Rhodes, S.J. (Vietnamese: A-Lịch-Sơn Đắc-Lộ) (15 March 1591 -- 5 November 1660) was a French Jesuit missionary and lexicographer who had a lasting impact on Christianity in Vietnam.	Alexandre de Rhodes	French
languages spoken or written	Niceto Alcalá-Zamora y Torres (6 July 1877 -- 18 February 1949) was a Spanish lawyer and politician who served, briefly, as the first prime minister of the Second Spanish Republic, and then--from 1931 to 1936--as its president.	Niceto Alcalá-Zamora	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Leo Allatius (c. 1586 -- January 19, 1669) (Greek: Λέων Αλλάτιος, Leon Allatios, Λιωνής Αλάτζης, Lionis Allatzis; Italian: Leone Allacci, Allacio; Latin: Leo Allatius, Allacius) was a Greek scholar, theologian and keeper of the Vatican library.	Leo Allatius	Italian	Latin
languages spoken or written	Gunnar Rudberg (October 17, 1880 -- August 6, 1954) was an internationally renowned Swedish Classical Philologist.	Gunnar Rudberg	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Leda Mileva (Bulgarian: Леда Милева) (5 February 1920 - 5 February 2013) was a Bulgarian writer, translator and diplomat.	Leda Mileva	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Hanns Grössel (Leipzig, 18 April 1932 -- Cologne, 1 August 2012) was a German literary translator and broadcasting journalist.	Hanns Grössel	German
languages spoken or written	Terje Formoe (born 6 December 1949) is a Norwegian singer, songwriter, actor, playwright and author.	Terje Formoe	Norwegian
languages spoken or written	Antonio Mije García (24 September 1905 -- 1 September 1976) was a member of the Spanish Communist Party who became a deputy for Seville in the Second Spanish Republic.	Antonio Mije	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Albert Espinosa i Puig (born 5 November 1973), educated as an industrial engineer, is a screenwriter, playwright, writer, actor and director of Spanish cinema.	Albert Espinosa	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Patricia Erbelding (born in Paris in 1958) is a French artist who works in a variety of media producing abstract art.	Patricia Erbelding	French
languages spoken or written	Gino Bucchino (born 1948) is the overseas member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies for North America and Central America.	Gino Bucchino	Italian
languages spoken or written	Leon Wyczółkowski (11 April 1852 -- 27 December 1936) was one of the leading painters of the Young Poland movement, as well as the principal representative of Polish Realism in art of the Interbellum.	Leon Wyczółkowski	Polish
languages spoken or written	Massimo Vitali (b. Como, Italy in 1944) is an Italian photographer based in Lucca.	Massimo Vitali	Italian
languages spoken or written	Werner Hildenbrand (born 25 May 1936 in Göttingen, Germany) is a German economist and mathematician.	Werner Hildenbrand	German
languages spoken or written	Arcangelo Ghisleri (5 September 1855 -- 19 August 1938) was an Italian geographer, writer, and Socialist politician.	Arcangelo Ghisleri	Italian
languages spoken or written	Matthias Jakob Schleiden (5 April 1804 -- 23 June 1881) was a German botanist and co-founder of the cell theory, along with Theodor Schwann and Rudolf Virchow.	Matthias Jakob Schleiden	German
languages spoken or written	Otto Heinrich Warburg (/ˈvɑːrbʊərɡ/; October 8, 1883 -- August 1, 1970), son of physicist Emil Warburg, was a German physiologist, medical doctor and Nobel laureate.	Otto Heinrich Warburg	German
languages spoken or written	Riccardo Bacchelli (Italian pronunciation: (rikˈkardo bakˈkɛlli); 19 April 1891 -- 8 October 1985) was an Italian writer.	Riccardo Bacchelli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Charles Joseph Marty-Laveaux (13 April 1823, Paris -- 11 July 1899, Vitry-sur-Seine) was a French literary scholar.	Charles Joseph Marty-Laveaux	French
languages spoken or written	Aleksandar Stamboliyski (Bulgarian: Александър Стоименов Стамболийски, variously transliterated) (March 1, 1879 -- June 14, 1923) was the prime minister of Bulgaria from 1919 until 1923.	Aleksandar Stamboliyski	Bulgarian
languages spoken or written	Juan Diego Botto-Rota (born August 29, 1975, in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine-Spanish actor.	Juan Diego Botto	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Gurudas Banerjee, also known as Gurudas Bandyopadhyay, is a Bengali stage and film actor who was active from the 1940s through the 1980s.	Gurudas Banerjee	Bengali
languages spoken or written	Leire Martínez Ochoa (born June 22, 1979 in San Sebastián, Guipúzcoa), is a Basque Spanish singer, songwriter, and current lead vocalist of the band La Oreja de Van Gogh after Amaia Montero's departure in 2007.	Leire Martínez	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Giorgio Colli (1917 -- 6 January 1979) was an Italian philosopher, philologist and historian.	Giorgio Colli	Italian
languages spoken or written	Lazar Markovich Lissitzky (Russian: Ла́зарь Ма́ркович Лиси́цкий, listen ; November 23 (O.S. November 11) 1890 -- December 30, 1941), known as El Lissitzky (Russian: Эль Лиси́цкий, Yiddish: על ליסיצקי‎), was a Russian artist, designer, photographer, typographer, polemicist and architect.	El Lissitzky	Russian
languages spoken or written	Bernard Friot is a French sociologist and economist.	Bernard Friot	French
languages spoken or written	John Heath (later John Duke) (c.1717--1775), of Gittisham, near Honiton, Devon, was an English politician.	John Heath (later John Duke)	English
languages spoken or written	Charles Luylier is a French broadcast journalist, born in Angers on 5 January 1989.	Charles Luylier	French
languages spoken or written	Francesco Piranesi (Italian pronunciation: (franˈtʃesko piraˈneːzi); 1758/59 -- 23 January 1810) was an Italian engraver, etcher and architect.	Francesco Piranesi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Jonathan dos Santos Ramírez (born 26 April 1990) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Villarreal CF and the Mexico national team as a central or defensive midfielder.	Jonathan dos Santos	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Germain Sée (February 6, 1818 -- May 12, 1896) was a French clinician who was a native of Ribeauvillé, Haut-Rhin.	Germain Sée	French
languages spoken or written	Gunilla Lundgren is a Swedish writer and a peace and environmental activist.	Gunilla Lundgren	Swedish
languages spoken or written	David Nokes FRSL (March 11, 1948 - November 19, 2009) was a scholar of 18th-century English literature known for his biographies of Jonathan Swift, John Gay, Jane Austen and Samuel Johnson.	David Nokes	English
languages spoken or written	Andrés Neuman (born January 28, 1977) is a Spanish-Argentine writer, poet, translator, columnist and blogger.	Andrés Neuman	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Robert Soetens (19 July 1897 -- 22 October 1997) was a French violinist, remembered particularly for premiering the Violin Concerto No. 2 of Sergei Prokofiev in 1935.	Robert Soetens	French
languages spoken or written	Wolfgang Stegmüller (German: (ˈʃteːkˌmʏlɐ); June 3, 1923 -- June 11, 1991), was a German-Austrian philosopher with important contributions in philosophy of science and in analytic philosophy.	Wolfgang Stegmüller	German
languages spoken or written	Carl Joseph Anton Mittermaier (5 August 1787 Munich - 28 August 1867 Heidelberg) was a German jurist.	Carl Joseph Anton Mittermaier	German
languages spoken or written	Carlo Alessandro Guidi (14 June 1650 -- 12 June 1712), Italian lyric poet, was born at Pavia.	Carlo Alessandro Guidi	Italian
languages spoken or written	Eleonora Charlotta d'Albedyhll, née Wrangel, (27 March 1770, Stockholm -- 4 June 1835), was a Swedish countess, poet and salon holder.	Eleonora Charlotta d'Albedyhll	Swedish
languages spoken or written	Giovanni Battista Belzoni (Italian pronunciation: (dʒoˈvanni batˈtista belˈtsoːni); 5 November 1778 -- 3 December 1823), sometimes known as The Great Belzoni, was a prolific Italian explorer and pioneer archaeologist of Egyptian antiquities.	Giovanni Battista Belzoni	Italian
languages spoken or written	Paolo Villaggio (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo vilˈladdʒo); 30 December 1932) is an Italian actor, voice actor, writer, director and comedian.	Paolo Villaggio	Italian
languages spoken or written	Johann Joseph Ignaz von Döllinger (28 February 1799 -- 14 January 1890), sometimes spelt Doellinger, was a German theologian, Catholic priest and church historian who rejected the dogma of papal infallibility.	Ignaz von Döllinger	German
languages spoken or written	Alfons Figueras i Fontanals (Vilanova i la Geltrú, Barcelona, Spain, 15 October 1922 -- 6 July 2009) was a Spanish comic artist and writer.	Alfons Figueras	Spanish
languages spoken or written	William Dunn Macray (1826--1916) was an English librarian, cleric and historian.	William Dunn Macray	English
languages spoken or written	Lucian Blaga (Romanian pronunciation: (lut͡ʃiˈan ˈblaɡa); 9 May 1895 -- 6 May 1961) was a Romanian philosopher, poet, playwright and novelist.	Lucian Blaga	Romanian
licensed to broadcast to	WNTX is a News/Talk/Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Fredericksburg, Virginia, serving metro Fredericksburg.	WNTX	Fredericksburg
licensed to broadcast to	WCBU is a listener-supported, non-commercial public radio station owned by Bradley University in Peoria, Illinois.	WCBU	Peoria
licensed to broadcast to	WNSC-FM is a National Public Radio station in Rock Hill, South Carolina.	WNSC-FM	Rock Hill
licensed to broadcast to	KYYA (730 AM) is a radio station licensed to Billings, Montana, USA.	KYYA	Billings
licensed to broadcast to	4KQ is a commercial radio station in Brisbane, Australia owned by the Australian Radio Network.	4KQ	Brisbane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stiff Street is a hamlet almost on the M2 motorway, near the village of Bredgar, in the Swale District, in the English county of Kent.	Stiff Street	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Place Condominiums, previously known as Port Royal Condominiums, is a mixed-use residential high-rise building located in Augusta, Georgia.	River Place Condominiums	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thrithallur is a village in Thrissur district, Kerala, which is a state of India.	Thrithallur	Thrissur district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Górzna (ˈɡuʐna) (German: Gursen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotów, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Górzna	Gmina Złotów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alva Bridge is a small two-lane drawbridge located in Alva, Florida.	Alva Bridge	Florida
manufacturer	The Autobianchi Bianchina is a minicar produced by the Italian automaker Autobianchi, based on the Fiat 500.	Autobianchi Bianchina	Fiat
manufacturer	The AGM-62 Walleye is a television-guided glide bomb which was produced by Martin Marietta and used by the United States armed forces during the 1960s.	AGM-62 Walleye	Martin Marietta
manufacturer	Xin Los Angeles was launched in 2004 in the ship-yard of Hyundai Heavy Industries and was completed in 2006.	Xin Los Angeles	Hyundai Heavy Industries
manufacturer	Angry Birds Stella, also known as Angry Birds Slingshot Stella, is a puzzle video game and the second spin-off from the Angry Birds series, developed by Rovio Entertainment.	Angry Birds Stella	Rovio Entertainment
manufacturer	Ordered in 2007 as part of a five-ship expansion of the Costa Cruises Fleet, Costa Deliziosa was constructed by Fincantieri, launched in March 2009, and handed over to Costa Crociere in January 2010.	Costa Deliziosa	Fincantieri
member of political party	Leandro Rovirosa Wade (1918 -- 6 April 2014) was a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as Governor of Tabasco during the 1977--82 period.	Leandro Rovirosa Wade	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Bhubneshwar Prasad Mehta (born 2 August 1940) is an Indian politician, affiliated to the Communist Party of India.	Bhubneshwar Prasad Mehta	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Evelyn Regner (born 24 January 1966 in Vienna, Austria) is a Member of the European Parliament since 2009, representing the Social Democratic Party of Austria and the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group.	Evelyn Regner	Social Democratic Party of Austria
member of political party	Louis F. Kosco (June 5, 1932 --) is an American Republican Party politician who served in both the New Jersey General Assembly and the New Jersey Senate.	Louis F. Kosco	Republican Party
member of political party	Elpidio González (August 1, 1875 -- October 18, 1951) was an Argentine politician of the Radical Civic Union.	Elpidio González	Radical Civic Union
member of political party	Trần Phú (1 May 1904 in Tuy An District -- April 6, 1931) was the first general secretary of the Indochinese Communist Party, later renamed to Communist Party of Vietnam.	Trần Phú	Communist Party of Vietnam
member of political party	Alma Carolina Viggiano Austria (born 6 July 1968) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party.	Carolina Viggiano	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	William Norton (2 November 1900 -- 4 December 1963) was an Irish Labour Party politician, and leader of the party from 1932 to 1960.	William Norton	Labour Party
member of political party	After the defeat of Nicolas Sarkozy in the French presidential election of 2012, Valérie Pécresse remains a key member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP in french).	Valérie Pécresse	Union for a Popular Movement
member of political party	Hardeo Singh (also known as Baba Hardev Singh) is a politician of Aam Aadmi Party and former Provincial Civil Services (PCS) officer.	Hardeo Singh	Aam Aadmi Party
member of political party	Virginio Rognoni (born August 5, 1924 in Corsico, province of Milan) is an Italian politician, who was a prominent member of Christian Democracy.	Virginio Rognoni	Christian Democracy
member of political party	Kostas Skandalidis (Greek: Κώστας Σκανδαλίδης; born 11 January 1953) is a Greek Politician and member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) for the Athens A constituency.	Kostas Skandalidis	Panhellenic Socialist Movement
member of political party	James Craig, 1st Viscount Craigavon, Bt PC, PC (NI) (8 January 1871 -- 24 November 1940), was a prominent Irish unionist politician, leader of the Ulster Unionist Party and the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland.	James Craig, 1st Viscount Craigavon	Ulster Unionist Party
member of political party	Alfonso López Pumarejo (31 January 1886 -- 20 November 1959) was a two-time Colombian president and political figure, as a member of the Colombian Liberal Party.	Alfonso López Pumarejo	Colombian Liberal Party
member of political party	Hermann-Josef Kaltenborn (January 1, 1921 in Essen -- March 29, 1999 in Stolberg near Aachen) was a German politician and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD).	Hermann-Josef Kaltenborn	Social Democratic Party of Germany
member of political party	Ana Teresa Aranda Orozco (born January 26, 1954 in León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican politician affiliated to the National Action Party who served as Director of the DIF (the ``National System for Integral Family Development'') from 2000 to 2006.	Ana Teresa Aranda	National Action Party
member of political party	Laxmi Narayan Yadav is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Sagar (Lok Sabha constituency).	Laxmi Narayan Yadav	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	José Antonio Alonso Suárez, (born 28 March 1960 in León, Spain) is a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) politician.	José Antonio Alonso	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Oskari Mantere (September 18, 1874 -- December 9, 1942) was a Finnish politician from the National Progressive Party who served as Prime Minister of Finland from December 1928 to August 1929.	Oskari Mantere	National Progressive Party
member of political party	Mary O'Rourke (née Lenihan; born 31 May 1937) is a former Irish Fianna Fáil politician.	Mary O'Rourke	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Gian-Reto Plattner (10 December 1939 -- 7 December 2009) was a Swiss physicist and politician of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland.	Gian-Reto Plattner	Social Democratic Party of Switzerland
member of political party	Jelleke Veenendaal (born 15 December 1953 in Alkmaar) is a Dutch politician and member of House of Representatives for the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).	Jelleke Veenendaal	People's Party for Freedom and Democracy
member of political party	Abdullah Levent Tüzel (born 12 July 1961) is a Turkish politician who was one of the founders of the Labour Party (EMEP) in 1996.	Abdullah Levent Tüzel	Labour Party
member of political party	John Reid, Baron Reid of Cardowan (born 8 May 1947) is a British Labour Party politician.	John Reid, Baron Reid of Cardowan	Labour Party
member of political party	Nazario Herrera Ortega (born 28 July 1964) is a Mexican politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (formerly from the National Action Party. From 2010 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tlaxcala.	Nazario Herrera Ortega	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Lorenz Caffier (24 December 1954 in Weixdorf, Saxony) is the chairman of the Christian Democratic Union in the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.	Lorenz Caffier	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	David Lott is a British former politician, best known as a political organiser for the UK Independence Party (UKIP).	David Lott	UK Independence Party
member of political party	Dawn Primarolo, Baroness Primarolo, DBE PC (born 2 May 1954), is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament for Bristol South from 1987 until 2015, when she stood down.	Dawn Primarolo	Labour Party
member of political party	John T. Gregorio, Sr. (February 6, 1928 − October 23, 2013) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1976 to 1978 and in the New Jersey Senate from 1978 to 1983.	John T. Gregorio	Democratic Party
member of political party	Stanisław Jałowiecki (born on 26 December 1946 in Tanvald) is a Polish politician and Member of the European Parliament for the Lower Silesian Voivodship & Opole Voivodship with the Civic Platform, part of the European People's Party and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Transport and Tourism.	Stanisław Jałowiecki	Civic Platform
member of political party	Md Shamsul Hasan Khan (born 13 February 1926) was a Member of the Parliament of India in the sixth Lok Sabha, elected from Pilibhit constituency in 1977 as a candidate of the Bharatiya Lok Dal.	Md Shamsul Hasan Khan	Bharatiya Lok Dal
member of political party	Ahmet Haluk Koç (born 3 October 1954) is a Turkish politician who serves as the spokesperson and deputy leader of the Republican People's Party (CHP) since 2012.	Haluk Koç	Republican People's Party
member of political party	Gideon Ben-Yisrael (Hebrew: גדעון בן-ישראל‎, 6 March 1923 -- 18 December 2014) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and Rafi in the 1950s and 1960s.	Gideon Ben-Yisrael	Rafi
member of political party	Richard Nadeau (born April 5, 1959 in Hawkesbury, Ontario) is a teacher and Bloc Québécois politician in Quebec, Canada.	Richard Nadeau	Bloc Québécois
member of political party	Fátima Aburto Baselga (born February 11, 1949 in Madrid) is a Spanish physician and politician who belongs to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.	Fátima Aburto Baselga	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Joseph Sweid (born 1958) has been Syrian Minister of State since 2011 and a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party.	Joseph Sweid	Syrian Social Nationalist Party
member of political party	Johan Trondsen (born 26 July 1922) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party and the Liberal People's Party.	Johan Trondsen	Liberal Party
member of political party	Lennart Daléus (born in Stockholm 25 June 1946) is a Swedish politician, who was the leader of the Swedish Centre Party from 1998 to 2001.	Lennart Daléus	Centre Party
member of political party	Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan (Marathi: अर्धेन्दु भूषण वर्धन) (25 September 1924 -- 2 January 2016) or A. B. Bardhan, was the former general secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI), one of the oldest political parties in India.	Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Chaudhry Abid Sher Ali (Urdu: ‎; b. 21 November 1971 in Faisalabad, Punjab, Pakistan) is a Pakistani politician affiliated with the Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N) political party and is currently a parliamentarian in the National Assembly of Pakistan.	Abid Sher Ali	Pakistan Muslim League
member of political party	Harry Heher (March 20, 1889 - October 17, 1972) was a New Jersey Supreme Court Justice and Democratic Party leader.	Harry Heher	Democratic Party
member of political party	Michael Clapham (born 15 May 1943) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnsley West and Penistone from 1992 to 2010.	Michael Clapham	Labour Party
member of political party	Shafiqul Islam Masud (Bengali: শফিকুল ইসলাম মাসুদ) is the assistant secretary of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami Dhaka City and a member of the party's central working committee.	Shafiqul Islam Masud	Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami
member of political party	Dr. Arif Alvi is the founding member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and was the Secretary-General of the party from 2006 till 22 March 2013 where then succeeded by Parvez Khattak.	Arif Alvi	Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf
member of political party	Edward Marjoribanks, 2nd Baron Tweedmouth KT PC (8 July 1849 -- 15 September 1909) was a moderate British Liberal Party statesman who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 until 1894 when he inherited his peerage and then sat in the House of Lords.	Edward Marjoribanks, 2nd Baron Tweedmouth	Liberal Party
member of political party	Malti Devi (5 August 1968 -- 6 September 1999) was a political and social worker and a Member of Parliament elected from the Nawada constituency in the Indian state of Bihar being a Rashtriya Janata Dal candidate.	Malti Devi	Rashtriya Janata Dal
member of political party	Dr. Otto Nerz had joined the Nazi Party relatively early, prior to Adolf Hitler gaining power in 1933; this, combined with his success in the World Cup, meant that the German government placed a high level of expectation on Nerz's team for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin.	Otto Nerz	Nazi Party
member of political party	Andrej Ďurkovský (born 5 September 1958) is a Slovak politician and former member of the Christian Democratic Movement (KDH).	Andrej Ďurkovský	Christian Democratic Movement
member of political party	Arnold Gregory (14 November 1924 -- 30 July 1976) was a British textile company worker, lecturer and politician who was a Labour Party Member of Parliament for six years.	Arnold Gregory	Labour Party
member of political party	Delazon Smith (October 5, 1816 -- November 19, 1860) was a Democratic Party politician who briefly represented the state of Oregon in the U.S. Senate in 1859.	Delazon Smith	Democratic Party
member of political party	Back in Berlin after World War I, Elly Heuss-Knapp like her husband had been a candidate for the liberal German Democratic Party (DDP) in the German federal election of 1919, strongly emphasiszing women's suffrage.	Elly Heuss-Knapp	German Democratic Party
member of political party	Raeanne Presley is an American politician of the Republican Party, having served four terms as Mayor of Branson, Missouri.	Raeanne Presley	Republican Party
member of political party	Dr. Tushar Amarsinh Chaudhary (born 18 December 1965) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Indian National Congress in Gujarat state.	Tushar Amarsinh Chaudhary	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin (Irish pronunciation: (ˈkiːvʲiːnʲ oː ˈkiːlˠaːnʲ); born 18 September 1953) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician.	Caoimhghín Ó Caoláin	Sinn Féin
member of political party	Jan Angel is an American politician of the Republican Party in Washington state.	Jan Angel	Republican Party
member of political party	Sir Archibald Orr-Ewing, 1st Baronet (4 January 1818 -- 28 November 1893) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician.	Archibald Orr-Ewing	Conservative Party
member of political party	Reginald Jaffray Lucas (1865 -- 9 May 1914) was a British historian and Conservative Party politician.	Reginald Jaffray Lucas	Conservative Party
member of political party	Josef Schrage (May 6, 1881 - November 27, 1953) was a Westphalian metalworker, trade union official and politician, first of the Center Party and after World War II as one of the founders of the Christian Democratic Union.	Josef Schrage	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Rabbi Yitzhak Cohen (Hebrew: יצחק כהן‎, born 2 December 1951) is an Israeli politician who has served as a member of the Knesset for Shas since 1996, and currently Deputy Minister of Finance.	Yitzhak Cohen	Shas
member of political party	William L. Stubbs (November 16, 1917 -- April 12, 2003) is an American Republican Party politician who was the first African American to win a major party nomination for the United States House of Representatives in New Jersey.	William L. Stubbs	Republican Party
member of political party	Nina Lundström (born 26 October 1961 in Savonlinna), is a Sweden-Finnish Liberal People's Party politician.	Nina Lundström	Liberal People's Party
member of political party	William Allan Reid (11 October 1865 -- 17 March 1952) was a British Conservative Party politician, who served as one of the two Members of Parliament (MPs) for Derby from the 1931 general election until the 1945 general election.	William Allan Reid	Conservative Party
member of political party	James J. Lyons (February 12, 1890 -- January 7, 1966) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served as Borough President of the Bronx from 1934-1962.	James J. Lyons	Democratic Party
member of political party	José Antonio Monago Terraza is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP) and who served as President of Extremadura, the Extremaduran regional administration, from 2011 to 2015.	José Antonio Monago Terraza	People's Party
member of political party	Svein Harberg (born 30 July 1958) is a Norwegian businessman and politician for the Conservative Party of Norway (Høyre).	Svein Harberg	Conservative Party
member of political party	Tim Maia became a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party (Partido Socialista Brasileiro -- PSB) in October 1997.	Tim Maia	Brazilian Socialist Party
member of political party	John Moran Bailey (November 23, 1904 -- April 10, 1975) was an American politician who played a major role in promoting the New Deal coalition of the Democratic Party and its liberal policy positions.	John Moran Bailey	Democratic Party
member of political party	Patrizia Toia (born 17 March 1950 in Pogliano Milanese) is an Italian politician and Member of the European Parliament for North-West with Democratic Party, part of the group of the Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats in the European Parliament and sits on the European Parliament's Committee on Industry, Research and Energy.	Patrizia Toia	Democratic Party
member of political party	Sir Thomas Dalyell of the Binns, 11th Baronet (born 9 August 1932), known as Tam Dalyell, is a Scottish Labour Party politician who was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons from 1962 to 2005.	Tam Dalyell	Labour Party
member of political party	Geoff Southern is one of the founder members of Jersey's only political party, inaugurated to the States of Jersey on 4 July 2014, Reform Jersey.	Geoff Southern	Reform Jersey
member of political party	Brendan Crinion (11 November 1923 -- 2 July 1989) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician who served for more than twenty years as a Teachta Dála (TD) and as a Senator.	Brendan Crinion	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Moisés Villanueva de la Luz (17 November 1964 -- 17 September 2011) was a Mexican politician and a member of the Partido Revolucionario Institucional (Institutional Revolutionary Party) where he served as federal deputy and local MP.	Moisés Villanueva de la Luz	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Ben Fayot (born 25 June 1937 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgish politician from the Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party (LSAP).	Ben Fayot	Luxembourg Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Thomas Charles Pannell, Baron Pannell, PC (10 September 1902 -- 23 March 1980) was a British Labour Party politician.	Charles Pannell	Labour Party
member of political party	Harold Julian Amery, Baron Amery of Lustleigh, PC (27 March 1919 -- 3 September 1996) was a British politician of the Conservative Party, who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for 39 of the 42 years between 1950 and 1992.	Julian Amery	Conservative Party
member of political party	Lilian Janse-van der Weele (born 1973 in Vlissingen) is a Dutch housewife who has become the first female representative of the Reformed Political Party (SGP) in an election.	Lilian Janse	Reformed Political Party
member of political party	From 1950 until his death, Heinz Hoffmann was a member of the East German Parliament (Volkskammer) and was a candidate for the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).	Heinz Hoffmann	Socialist Unity Party of Germany
member of political party	Rabbi Moshe-Zvi Neria (Hebrew: משה צבי נריה‎, born 1913, died 12 December 1995) was an Israeli educator and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1969 and 1974.	Moshe-Zvi Neria	National Religious Party
member of political party	József Szájer, (born on 7 September 1961 in Sopron) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Fidesz --	József Szájer	Fidesz
member of political party	Dr. Winston Green is a People's National Party member of the Parliament of Jamaica for St. Mary South East.	Winston Green	People's National Party
member of political party	Tomoko Kami (紙 智子 Kami Tomoko) is a Japanese politician and member of the House of Councillors for the Japanese Communist Party.	Tomoko Kami	Japanese Communist Party
member of political party	Joaquin Calomarde Gramage (Valencia, Spain, 30 November 1956) is a Spanish politician and former deputy who belonged to the People's Party (PP).	Joaquin Calomarde	People's Party
member of political party	Søren Krarup (born 3 December 1937) is a Danish pastor, writer, politician and Member of Parliament (MP) for the Danish People's Party from 2001 until 2011.	Søren Krarup	Danish People's Party
member of political party	Giacinto Artale (18 April 1906 - 30 May 1970) was an Italian politician belonging to the Christian Democracy party.	Giacinto Artale	Christian Democracy
member of political party	John H. Ewing (October 16, 1918 -- May 31, 2012) was an American Republican Party politician who served in both houses of the New Jersey Legislature: in the General Assembly from 1968 to 1977 and in the State Senate from 1978 to 1998, representing the 16th Legislative District.	John H. Ewing	Republican Party
member of political party	Gerardo Camps Devesa (born 30 June 1963) is a Spanish politician who belongs to the People's Party (PP).	Gerardo Camps	People's Party
member of political party	Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari (Hindi: Mukhtar Ansari ringtone अहमद अंसारी, Urdu: مُختار احمد انصاری‎) was an Indian nationalist and political leader, and former president of the Indian National Congress and the Muslim League during the Indian Independence Movement.	Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Stanisław Kogut (born October 29, 1953 in Biała Niżna, Poland) is a Polish politician, member of the Polish Senate and a member of the Law and Justice party.	Stanisław Kogut	Law and Justice
member of political party	Anshul Verma is a member of Bharatiya Janata Party and has won the Indian general elections, 2014 from the Hardoi (Lok Sabha constituency)	Anshul Verma	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Andreas Pinkwart's political career is closely knit to the FDP (Free Democratic Party).	Andreas Pinkwart	Free Democratic Party
member of political party	Abdirahim Hussein Mohamed (Somali: Cabdiraxiim Xuseen Maxamed, Arabic: عبد الرحيم حسين محمد‎) (born 21 October 1978 in Somalia) is a Somalian-born Finnish media personality and a politician representing the Finnish Centre Party (Keskusta).	Abdirahim Hussein Mohamed	Centre Party
member of political party	Dorothy Andrews Elston Kabis (March 22, 1917 -- July 3, 1971) was a Republican Party activist from the U.S. state of Delaware who was appointed the 33rd Treasurer of the United States, having served from May 8, 1969, until her death.	Dorothy Andrews Elston Kabis	Republican Party
member of political party	Somnath Chatterjee (born 25 July 1929) is an Indian politician who had been associated with the Communist Party of India (Marxist) for most of his life, though he is currently an independent.	Somnath Chatterjee	Communist Party of India (Marxist
member of political party	Bert Heller joined the ruling Nazi Party in 1940.	Bert Heller	Nazi Party
member of political party	Morten Løkkegaard, born 20 December 1964, is a Venstre Party MEP representing Denmark.	Morten Løkkegaard	Venstre
member of political party	John Ryman QC (7 November 1930 -- 2009) was a British Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) who sat as an independent MP for his last year in the House of Commons.	John Ryman	Labour Party
member of political party	Wang Congwu (Chinese: 王从吾; pinyin: Wáng Cóngwú; February 1910 -- 13 September 2001) was a Chinese Communist politician who was the eleventh president of the Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the highest training center for party workers and leaders.	Wang Congwu	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Antonio Juan Marcos Villarreal (born May 12, 1976) is a Mexican politician and businessman, member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and Coahuila's congressman.	Antonio Juan Marcos Villarreal	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Major Sir Herbert Paul Latham, 2nd Baronet (22 April 1905 -- 24 July 1955) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Scarborough and Whitby constituency from 1931 to 1941.	Paul Latham	Conservative Party
member of political party	Geng Biao (Chinese: 耿飚; pinyin: Gěng Biāo; August 26, 1909 -- June 23, 2000) was a senior official in the Communist Party of China (CPC) and a leader in Chinese politics, foreign relations and military.	Geng Biao	Communist Party of China
member of political party	Joan Romero González (1953, Albacete, Spain) is a Spanish politician who belonged to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).	Joan Romero González	Spanish Socialist Workers' Party
member of political party	Henry Hynd (4 July 1900 -- 1 February 1985), known as Harry Hynd, was a British Labour Party politician.	Harry Hynd	Labour Party
member of political party	Josef Hempelmann (26 September 1893 -- 27 April 1967) was a German architect and politician from the German Christian Democratic Union.	Josef Hempelmann	Christian Democratic Union
member of political party	Atilla Koç (b. Mart 1, 1946, Aydın, Turkey), is a Turkish politician of the Justice and Development Party.	Atilla Koç	Justice and Development Party
member of political party	Scott Maddox (born March 13, 1968) was the mayor of Tallahassee, Florida, former chairman of the Florida Democratic Party and is a current Tallahassee City Commissioner.	Scott Maddox	Democratic Party
member of political party	Víctor García San Inocencio (born February 6, 1958) is a lawyer and politician from Puerto Rico that served as Minority Leader in the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico for the Puerto Rican Independence Party from 1997 to 2009.	Víctor García San Inocencio	Puerto Rican Independence Party
member of political party	Alan Farrell (born 29 December 1977) is an Irish Fine Gael politician and a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North constituency.	Alan Farrell	Fine Gael
member of political party	Aradhana Misra (20 April 1974), also known as Mona, is an Indian politician affiliated with Indian National Congress.	Aradhana Misra	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Sahib Singh Verma (15 March 1943, Mundka Village, Outer Delhi -- 30 June 2007) was an Indian politician and the former senior vice-president of the Bharatiya Janata Party.	Sahib Singh Verma	Bharatiya Janata Party
member of political party	Sushila Rohatgi (1921--2011) was a leader of Indian National Congress.	Sushila Rohatgi	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Engineer Jameel Ahmad Malik, a leftist and progressive politician joined Communist Party of Pakistan (CPP) during his student life in year 1970 and till date he is an activist member and Central Chairman of the Communist Party of Pakistan.	Jameel Ahmad Malik	Communist Party of Pakistan
member of political party	Linda McAvan (born 2 December 1962) is a British Labour Party politician, who is a Member of the European Parliament for the Labour Party for Yorkshire and the Humber.	Linda McAvan	Labour Party
member of political party	Sean Patrick Maloney (born July 30, 1966) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party who has served as the U.S. Representative for New York's 18th congressional district since 2013.	Sean Patrick Maloney	Democratic Party
member of political party	Raymond Garramone (August 13, 1926 -- June 16, 1998) was an American Democratic Party politician who served in the New Jersey State Senate.	Raymond Garramone	Democratic Party
member of political party	Luis Raúl Torres Cruz (born March 5, 1960 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party (PPD).	Luis Raúl Torres Cruz	Popular Democratic Party
member of political party	Sybil Judith Chaplin OBE, known as Judith Chaplin, (19 August 1939 -- 19 February 1993) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Judith Chaplin	Conservative Party
member of political party	Samak Sundaravej's 5-month-old government was in great trouble on 10 July 2008 after Pattama the third top official in the ruling People Power Party (PPP) resigned from this post, effective Monday.	Samak Sundaravej	People Power Party
member of political party	In 1939 the Communist Party of India established its organization in the Hyderabad State, Baddam Yella Reddy worked closely with D.V. Rao and Raavi Narayana Reddy in building grassroot networks of the party in the region.	Baddam Yella Reddy	Communist Party of India
member of political party	Carlos Manzano has been involved in Democratic Party politics for two decades.	Carlos Manzano	Democratic Party
member of political party	I.P. Paul is an Indian National Congress politician from Thrissur city, India.	I.P. Paul	Indian National Congress
member of political party	John Joseph McDonald (25 March 1904 -- 24 February 1959) was Australian Labor Party Member of the Tasmania House of Assembly for the electorate of Bass from 9 June 1934 until his resignation on 16 April 1945.	John Joseph McDonald	Australian Labor Party
member of political party	Shri Dwijendra Nath Sharmah, a politician from Indian National Congress party, is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Assam in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Dwijendra Nath Sharmah	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Habibollah Asgaroladi Mosalman (Persian: حبيب الله عسگر اولادی مسلمان‎‎‎; 3 January 1932 -- 5 November 2013) was an Iranian politician who was leader of Islamic Coalition Party, a highly influential conservative political party in Iran.	Habibollah Asgaroladi	Islamic Coalition Party
member of political party	Sir Henry Kimber, 1st Baronet ( 13 July 1834 -- 18 December 1923) was a British lawyer and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1913.	Henry Kimber	Conservative Party
member of political party	Hari Singh Mahua is a member of the Indian National Congress and vice president of the Rajasthan Pradesh Congress Committee.	Hari Singh Mahua	Indian National Congress
member of political party	Elisabeth Schweigaard Selmer (born Ragnhild Elisabeth Schweigaard, 18 October 1923 -- 18 June 2009) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Conservative Party.	Elisabeth Schweigaard Selmer	Conservative Party
member of political party	Michael F. Kitt, Snr (13 September 1914 -- 24 December 1974) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and long-serving Teachta Dála (TD).	Michael F. Kitt	Fianna Fáil
member of political party	Lulama Smuts Ngonyama (born 22 August 1952) is a former head of communications for the African National Congress (ANC) in South Africa.	Smuts Ngonyama	African National Congress
member of political party	Adolfo López Mateos (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈðolfo ˈlopez maˈteos); 26 May 1910 -- 22 September 1969) was a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) who served as President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.	Adolfo López Mateos	Institutional Revolutionary Party
member of political party	Bhupendra Nath Bose (1859--1924) was an Indian politician and President of the Indian National Congress in 1914.	Bhupendra Nath Bose	Indian National Congress
member of sports team	Juan Carlos Pulido Valera (poo-lee'-do) (born August 5, 1971 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a former relief pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Minnesota Twins in 1994 and between 2003--2004.	Carlos Pulido	Minnesota Twins
member of sports team	Juho Jokinen (born July 25, 1986) is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who currently plays professionally in Finland for Oulun Kärpät of the SM-liiga.	Juho Jokinen	Oulun Kärpät
member of sports team	Nathan Paetsch (born March 30, 1983) is a professional ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Nathan Paetsch	Grand Rapids Griffins
member of sports team	Herbert Neumann (born 14 November 1953 in Cologne) is a retired footballer who played for 1. FC Köln, Udinese Calcio, Bologna, Olympiacos Piraeus, and FC Chiasso.	Herbert Neumann	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Kirby Law (born March 11, 1977 in McCreary, Manitoba) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger who played nine games over parts of three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers.	Kirby Law	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	Bjarte Lunde Aarsheim (born 14 January 1975) is a Norwegian footballer, playing for Randaberg IL.	Bjarte Lunde Aarsheim	Randaberg IL
member of sports team	Leroy Cook (born November 9, 1952 in Abbeville, Alabama) is an American football player who was a two-time All-America pick and was drafted by the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League.	Leroy Cook	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Booker Reese (born September 20, 1959) is a former American Football defensive end who played four seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Los Angeles Rams from 1982 to 1985 in the National Football League.	Booker Reese	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Rhys Jenkins is a rugby union player for Newport RFC and the Newport Gwent Dragons regional team.	Rhys Jenkins	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Naser Albokat (Persian: ناصر آلبوکات‎) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Sanat Naft F.C. in the IPL.	Naser Albokat	Sanat Naft F.C.
member of sports team	Gary Sánchez (born December 2, 1992) is a Dominican professional baseball catcher for the New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Gary Sánchez	New York Yankees
member of sports team	Jonathan Soriano Casas (born 24 September 1985) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Austrian club FC Red Bull Salzburg as a striker.	Jonathan Soriano	FC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Jeffrey van Nuland (born 16 December 1990 in Tilburg) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender for Helmond Sport.	Jeffrey van Nuland	Helmond Sport
member of sports team	Colin Coosemans (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈkoː.lɪn ˈkoː.sə.ˌmɑns)) (born August 3, 1992 in Ghent) is a Belgian professional football player currently playing for KV Mechelen.	Colin Coosemans	KV Mechelen
member of sports team	Ty Hallock (born April 30, 1971 in Grand Rapids, Michigan) is a former professional American football player who played fullback for seven seasons for the Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, and Chicago Bears.	Ty Hallock	Detroit Lions	Jacksonville Jaguars	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Mohammed Abdalas (born 26 October 1986) is a Danish-Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fremad Amager.	Mohammed Abdalas	Fremad Amager
member of sports team	On December 23, 2008 Fausto Pinto left C.F. Pachuca and started playing with Cruz Azul.	Fausto Pinto	C.F. Pachuca
member of sports team	Rodrigo Crasso Cordeiro, Rodrigo Crasso (Curitiba, February 25, 1987), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Esporte Clube Juventude.	Rodrigo Crasso	Esporte Clube Juventude
member of sports team	Danijel Klarić (born 19 January 1995) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a forward for Wisła Kraków.	Danijel Klarić	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Luke May (born 23 August 1989 in Ashford, Surrey), is an English rugby league player for London Skolars in the Co-operative Championship One competition.	Luke May	London Skolars
member of sports team	32-year-old Yordi slightly revived his career with second-tier Xerez CD.	Yordi	Xerez CD
member of sports team	Born in Marco de Canaveses, Porto, Pedrinha grew up through the ranks of F.C. Penafiel and made his debuts as a senior in the second division, switching in 2001 to F.C. Paços de Ferreira and making his first top flight appearance on 12 August of that year, against C.F. Os Belenenses.	Pedrinha	F.C. Penafiel	F.C. Paços de Ferreira
member of sports team	Courtney Lawes (born 23 February 1989 in Hackney, England) is a professional rugby player for Northampton Saints, who play in the Aviva Premiership.	Courtney Lawes	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Ties Evers (born 14 March 1991) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a right back for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Ties Evers	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Stanley Afedzie (born December 30, 1987 in Accra) is a Ghanaian footballer, who currently plays for R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne.	Stanley Afedzie	R.O.C. de Charleroi-Marchienne
member of sports team	Kecia Morway (born August 25, 1991) is a retired American professional soccer defender who played for National Women's Soccer League club Chicago Red Stars during 2014 season.	Kecia Morway	Chicago Red Stars
member of sports team	Cristian Edgardo Amado (born 7 June 1985), known as Piojo, is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Tondela as a striker.	Cristian Edgardo Amado	C.D. Tondela
member of sports team	José de Jesús Corona Rodríguez, (born January 26, 1981) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Cruz Azul as a goalkeeper.	José de Jesús Corona	Cruz Azul
member of sports team	Walid El Karti is a Moroccan professional footballer, who plays as a Attacking Midfielder for Wydad Casablanca.	Walid El Karti	Wydad Casablanca
member of sports team	Sebastian Maier (born 18 September 1993) is a German footballer who plays as attacking midfielder for FC St. Pauli in the 2.	Sebastian Maier	FC St. Pauli
member of sports team	Giovanni Waal (born May 25, 1989) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Forward for Inter Moengotapoe in the Hoofdklasse, and for the Suriname national team.	Giovanni Waal	Inter Moengotapoe
member of sports team	Patrick O'Sullivan (born February 1, 1985) is a Canadian-born American former professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Los Angeles Kings, Edmonton Oilers, Carolina Hurricanes, Minnesota Wild, and Phoenix Coyotes.	Patrick O'Sullivan	Los Angeles Kings	Edmonton Oilers	Carolina Hurricanes	Minnesota Wild
member of sports team	Alexey Lutsenko (Russian: Алексей Луценко; born 7 September 1992) is a Kazakh road race cyclist who rides for the Astana team.	Alexey Lutsenko	Astana
member of sports team	Michael Shenton (born 22 July 1986 in Pontefract, West Yorkshire), is an English professional rugby league footballer currently playing for Castleford Tigers in the Super League.	Michael Shenton	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Günter Preuß (born 10 November 1936 in Duisburg) is a former German football player and manager who was active for MSV Duisburg for many years.	Günter Preuß	MSV Duisburg
member of sports team	Kire Grozdanov (Macedonian: Кире Грозданов; born 18 December 1970) is a retired Macedonian football defender, who was last played for FK Pelister.	Kire Grozdanov	FK Pelister
member of sports team	Eric Castle is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers.	Eric Castle	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Jahmir Hyka (born 8 March 1988) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League and the Albanian national team.	Jahmir Hyka	FC Luzern
member of sports team	Aleksandrs Jerofejevs (sometimes referred to as Alexander Erofeev; born April 12, 1984) is a Latvian ice hockey defenceman, currently playing for Dinamo Riga of Kontinental Hockey League.	Aleksandrs Jerofejevs	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Ruud van der Rijt (born 17 November 1988 in Nijnsel) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a defender for FC Eindhoven and Willem II.	Ruud van der Rijt	FC Eindhoven
member of sports team	David Bourke (born 9 January 1976) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 85 games for the Richmond Football Club, kicking 18 goals and one game player, kicking 1 goal for the Kangaroos.	David Bourke	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Pablo Rossi (born 5 April 1992) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Seattle Sounders FC 2 in the USL.	Pablo Rossi	Seattle Sounders FC 2
member of sports team	Abdullah Al-Zubi (born October 8, 1989) is a Jordanian football player currently playing as a goalkeeper for Al-Ramtha SC and the Jordan national football team.	Abdullah Al-Zubi	Al-Ramtha SC
member of sports team	Nolan Harrison III (born January 25, 1969 in Chicago, Illinois) is a former American football defensive lineman who played ten seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles/Oakland Raiders, the Pittsburgh Steelers, and the Washington Redskins.	Nolan Harrison	Oakland Raiders	Pittsburgh Steelers	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Ivan Kostić (Serbian Cyrillic: Иван Костић; born 24 June 1989 in Niš) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Sloboda Tuzla in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ivan Kostić	FK Sloboda Tuzla
member of sports team	Mohd Fitri Omar (born 25 June 1985) in Sabak Bernam, Selangor is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Malaysia Super League side, Penang FA and Malaysia national team.	Mohd Fitri Omar	Penang FA
member of sports team	Alimamy Jalloh (born September 26, 1987 in Koidu Town, Sierra Leone) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer, who currently plays for Lohjan Pallo in Finland.	Alimamy Jalloh	Lohjan Pallo
member of sports team	Vladislav Vasilev (Bulgarian: Владислав Василев; born 30 November 1982) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Botev Lukovit as a striker.	Vladislav Vasilev	Botev Lukovit
member of sports team	Ashton Götz (born 16 July 1993) is a German footballer who plays as a central midfielder or defender with Hamburger SV in the Bundesliga.	Ashton Götz	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Deny Marcel (born in Balikpapan, East Kalimantan, February 24, 1983) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiram Raja Ampat in the Indonesia Super League as a Goalkeeper.	Deny Marcel	Persiram Raja Ampat
member of sports team	Saiful Nizam Miswan (born 3 March 1981) is a Malaysian football player who currently plays as a defender at Pahang FA.	Saiful Nizam Miswan	Pahang FA
member of sports team	Gunnar Heiðar Þorvaldsson, commonly anglicised as Gunnar Heidar Thorvaldsson (born 1 April 1982 in Vestmannaeyjar, Iceland), is an Icelandic footballer who currently plays as a striker for BK Häcken and the Icelandic national team.	Gunnar Heiðar Þorvaldsson	BK Häcken
member of sports team	Wilbert Montgomery (born September 16, 1954) is a former American football player in the National Football League for nine years with the Philadelphia Eagles and Detroit Lions.	Wilbert Montgomery	Philadelphia Eagles	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Dave Levenick was a player in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons in 1983 and 1984 as a linebacker.	Dave Levenick	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Justin Pogge (born April 22, 1986) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender with Färjestad BK of the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Justin Pogge	Färjestad BK
member of sports team	Banou Diawara (born February 13, 1992) is a Burkinabé footballer who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club JS Kabylie.	Banou Diawara	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Ali Qasim Mshari (Arabic: علي قاسم مشاري‎, born January 20, 1994) is an Iraqi professional footballer who currently plays for Al Masafi in the Iraqi Premier League.	Ali Qasim Mshari	Al Masafi
member of sports team	Dmitry Lipartov (Russian: Дмитрий Липартов) (born April 2, 1973 in Leningrad, Russian SFSR) is a Russian professional footballer, who plays as a striker for JK Sillamäe Kalev in the Estonian Meistriliiga.	Dmitry Lipartov	JK Sillamäe Kalev
member of sports team	Marco Bortolami ((ˈmarko bɔrtoˈlami); born 12 June 1980) is an Italian international rugby union player, playing club rugby for Zebre in the Celtic League.	Marco Bortolami	Zebre
member of sports team	Joe Hollimon (born November 5, 1952 in Trumann, Arkansas) is a former defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League from 1976-1985.	Joe Hollimon	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Brian Makepeace (born 6 October 1931 in Rossington) was an English footballer who captained and played as a right back for Doncaster Rovers.	Brian Makepeace	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Daniel Ginczek (born 13 April 1991 in Arnsberg) is a German footballer who plays as a striker for VfB Stuttgart in the Bundesliga.	Daniel Ginczek	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Marius Nae (born 9 February 1981, Bucharest) is a Romanian professional association football player, who currently plays for CS Juventus București.	Marius Nae	CS Juventus București
member of sports team	Jack Purse (28 June 1879 -- 2 March 1953) was an Australian rules football player at the St Kilda Football Club and the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Purse	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Arnaldo Antonio Sanabria Ayala (born 4 March 1996), also known as Tonny Sanabria, is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sporting de Gijón on loan from Italian club A.S. Roma as a striker.	Antonio Sanabria	A.S. Roma
member of sports team	Colince Ngaha Poungoue (born 26 April 1981, Cameroon) is a professional Cameroonian football striker who plays for FC Stal Alchevsk in the Ukrainian First League.	Colince Ngaha Poungoue	FC Stal Alchevsk
member of sports team	Ri Yong-jik (born 8 February 1991) is a North Korean international football player who plays for V-Varen Nagasaki.	Ri Yong-jik	V-Varen Nagasaki
member of sports team	Jardel Santana da Silva (born 10 December 1978 in Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, Brazil is a Brazilian footballer. He normally plays as a midfielder, and is a former player for Persisam and Persma Manado. He is currently playing for Liga Primer Indonesia side Manado United.	Jardel Santana	Persma Manado
member of sports team	Ali Wahaib Shnaiyn (Arabic: علي وهيب شنين‎; born 24 December 1975) is an Iraqi international footballer who plays professionally as a midfielder for Al-Kahraba.	Ali Wahaib Shnaiyn	Al-Kahraba
member of sports team	Boubacar Keita (born on May 20, 1984 in Conakry) is a Guinean-born Nigerian footballer that currently plays for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League.	Boubacar Keita	Sporting Clube de Goa
member of sports team	Brandon Benedict (born June 10, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently playing for the Nottingham Panthers in the Elite Ice Hockey League in the United Kingdom.	Brandon Benedict	Nottingham Panthers
member of sports team	Nicolas Dikoumé (born November 21, 1973 in Yaoundé) is a former professional Cameroonian footballer, who last playing for Canon Yaoundé.	Nicolas Dikoumé	Canon Yaoundé
member of sports team	Ylenia Carabott (born 2 March 1989) is a Maltese football forward playing for Hibernians F.C..	Ylenia Carabott	Hibernians F.C.
member of sports team	Attila Baumgartner (born 13 June 1977 in Körmend) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE.	Attila Baumgartner	Gyirmót SE
member of sports team	Paul Kok (born 21 December 1994 in Hoorn) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for FC Oss in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Paul Kok	FC Oss
member of sports team	Jones Lopes da Silva, better known as Jones Carioca (born October 14, 1988 in Caratinga), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Giresunspor as a Midfielder.	Jones Carioca	Giresunspor
member of sports team	Ivan Lobay (Ukrainian: Іван Володимирович Лобай; born 21 May 1996 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club FC Karpaty Lviv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ivan Lobay	FC Karpaty Lviv
member of sports team	Hampus Zackrisson started playing football with local side Skene IF, before he joined IFK Göteborg's youth academy in 2008.	Hampus Zackrisson	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Mike Renaud (born May 25, 1983) is a former professional Canadian football punter for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Mike Renaud	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Sena Suzuki (born August 4, 1991) is a Japanese ice hockey player forthe Toronto Furies and the Japanese national team.	Sena Suzuki	Toronto Furies
member of sports team	Stephen Blunden (born 5 April 1989) is a Canadian semi-professional ice hockey forward or left winger who plays for CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League in Australia.	Stephen Blunden	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Kevin Senio is a New Zealand rugby union professional who currently plays for ASM Clermont Auvergne.	Kevin Senio	ASM Clermont Auvergne
member of sports team	John Weckström (born 26 December 1980) is a Finnish professional football player who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Haka based in Valkeakoski, Finland.	John Weckström	FC Haka
member of sports team	Vesa Vasara (born 16 August 1976) is a Finnish former professional footballer who played for the Veikkausliiga sides HJK Helsinki, FF Jaro, and FC Honka, as well as for Kalmar FF in Sweden.	Vesa Vasara	Kalmar FF
member of sports team	Kevin Zeitler (/ˈzaɪtlər/ ZYT-lər; born March 8, 1990) is an American football guard for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL).	Kevin Zeitler	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Max Rooke (born Jarad Maxwell Rooke on 19 December 1981) is a retired Australian rules footballer, who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Max Rooke	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Belkacem Remache (born October 12, 1985 in Constantine) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for JS Kabylie in the Algerian league.	Belkacem Remache	JS Kabylie
member of sports team	Sofiane Bouterbiat signed with MC Oran in the summer of 2011, joining them on a free transfer from USM Annaba.	Sofiane Bouterbiat	MC Oran
member of sports team	Doug Jarvis began his hockey career with the Peterborough Petes in the OHA.	Doug Jarvis	Peterborough Petes
member of sports team	Julian Rowe (born 25 May 1985) is an Australian rules footballer with the Old Carey Football Club in the Victorian Amateur Football League, formerly with the AFL's Collingwood Football Club.	Julian Rowe	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Clément Pinault (4 February 1985 in Grasse, Alpes-Maritimes -- 22 January 2009) was a French football defender who last played for Clermont Foot.	Clément Pinault	Clermont Foot
member of sports team	Deni Milošević (born 9 March 1995) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Belgian club Waasland-Beveren on loan from Belgian club Standard Liège.	Deni Milošević	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Gatis Smukulis (born 15 April 1987) is a Latvian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTeam Team Katusha.	Gatis Smukulis	Katusha
member of sports team	Vyacheslav Shevchenko (Ukrainian: В'ячеслав Тарасович Шевченко; born 30 May 1985 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for Uzbek League club Qizilqum Zarafshon.	Vyacheslav Shevchenko	Qizilqum Zarafshon
member of sports team	Pierre Veiga Sodre (born May 31, 1987 in Encruzilhada do Sul) is a Brazilian Midfielder, currently playing for Moto Club de São Luís.	Pierre Veiga Sodre	Moto Club de São Luís
member of sports team	Imanol Harinordoquy (born 20 February 1980) is a French rugby union player who typically plays as a number 8 for Stade Toulousain at club level in the Top 14 and for France internationally.	Imanol Harinordoquy	Stade Toulousain
member of sports team	Torben Boye (born 2 May 1966) is a Danish former professional football (soccer) player, who played his entire career for Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub (AaB).	Torben Boye	Aalborg Boldspilklub
member of sports team	Chris Fusaro (born 21 July 1989) is a professional rugby player for Glasgow Warriors in the RaboDirect Pro12.	Chris Fusaro	Glasgow Warriors
member of sports team	Dariusz Ulanowski (born 3 March 1971 in Słupsk, Poland) is a former footballer who played in Ekstraklasa for Arka Gdynia.	Dariusz Ulanowski	Arka Gdynia
member of sports team	Steven Deana (born 4 March 1990) is a Swiss football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Sion.	Steven Deana	FC Sion
member of sports team	Ivan Santini (born 21 May 1989) is a Croatian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Belgian club Standard Liège.	Ivan Santini	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Radek Dejmek (born 2 February 1988 in Vrchlabí) is a Czech football defender, who currently plays Ekstraklasa side Korona Kielce in Poland.	Radek Dejmek	Korona Kielce
member of sports team	Jason Gavadza (born January 31, 1976 in Toronto, Ontario) was a Canadian Football League fullback for the Toronto Argonauts and BC Lions.	Jason Gavadza	Toronto Argonauts	BC Lions
member of sports team	Johan Svedberg (born February 14, 1980 in Kalix, Sweden) is a defenceman currently playing for the Leksands IF in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Johan Svedberg	Leksands IF
member of sports team	Patrik Norén (born December 1, 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenseman currently on loan to Timrå IK of the HockeyAllsvenskan from Leksands IF of the Swedish Hockey League.	Patrik Norén	Leksands IF
member of sports team	Dane McDonald (born 14 July 1987) is an Australian rugby league player, who last played for Sheffield Eagles in the European Co-operative Championship.	Dane McDonald	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Tim Fleming (born 5 April 1978) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Richmond Football Club in early 2000s.	Tim Fleming	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Ronny Firmansyah (born in Pasuruan, East Java, May 4, 1981) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSMS Medan in the Indonesian Premier League as a midfielder.	Ronny Firmansyah	PSMS Medan
member of sports team	Moise Poida (born April 2, 1978) is a Vanuatuan footballer (striker) who is currently the manager for the Vanuatu national football team and Tafea.	Moise Poida	Vanuatu national football team
member of sports team	Aric Anderson (born April 9, 1965) a former linebacker in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers.	Aric Anderson	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Rodrigo Saraz (born August 26, 1978) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for Deportivo Coopsol of the Segunda Division in Peru.	Rodrigo Saraz	Deportivo Coopsol
member of sports team	Justin Bostrom (born 20 March 1986 in Vadnais Heights, Minnesota) is an American professional ice hockey forward, who plays for the Düsseldorfer EG in the German DEL.	Justin Bostrom	Düsseldorfer EG
member of sports team	Frantz Gilles (born 1 November 1977) is a Haitian football (soccer) player, who currently plays as a defender for Haitian League side AS Cavaly.	Frantz Gilles	AS Cavaly
member of sports team	Issa Gouo (born 9 September 1989) is a Burkina Faso professional footballer, who plays as a defender for Guinean side AS Kaloum Star and the Burkina Faso national football team.	Issa Gouo	AS Kaloum Star
member of sports team	On 15 May 2003, at age 19, Roni Porokara made his league debut in a match between FC Hämeenlinna and KuPS.	Roni Porokara	FC Hämeenlinna
member of sports team	Sharif Al-Nawaisheh (born 27 December 1987) is a Jordanian footballer , who is a Striker for That Ras Club, and the Jordan national football team.	Sharif Al-Nawaisheh	That Ras Club
member of sports team	Tomasz Moskała (born April 5, 1977 in Wadowice) is a Polish footballer (striker) who currently plays for Puszcza Niepołomice.	Tomasz Moskała	Puszcza Niepołomice
member of sports team	Clyde Conner (May 18, 1933 -- December 12, 2011) was a professional American football player who played wide receiver for eight seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.	Clyde Conner	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	In 2004, Mouhcine Moutouali joined the youth team of Raja Casablanca at the age of 18.	Mouhcine Moutouali	Raja Casablanca
member of sports team	Michaël Citony (born 21 August 1980 in Villiers-le-Bel) is a French football midfielder who currently plays for R.F.C. de Liège in the Belgian Third Division.	Michaël Citony	R.F.C. de Liège
member of sports team	Almog Cohen (Hebrew: אלמוג כהן‎, born 1 September 1988) is an Israeli footballer playing for Bundesliga side FC Ingolstadt 04.	Almog Cohen	FC Ingolstadt 04
member of sports team	Semir Sadović Born in Novi Pazar, began his career in his native Serbia playing for FK Voždovac in the Serbian First League.	Semir Sadović	FK Voždovac
member of sports team	Neville Bruns (born 3 October 1958) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian/Australian Football League for Geelong Football Club.	Neville Bruns	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Jack Ziebell (born 28 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jack Ziebell	North Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Youssouf Falikou Fofana (born 26 July 1966 in Divo) is a retired Côte d'Ivoire footballer who played for clubs like ASEC Mimosas, AS Cannes, AS Monaco FC, Girondins de Bordeaux, Karşıyaka S.K. and Al-Nassr as well as the Côte d'Ivoire national football team.	Youssouf Falikou Fofana	ASEC Mimosas	AS Cannes	Karşıyaka S.K.	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Jale Dreloa (born 21 April 1995) is a Fijian footballer who plays as a central defender for Suva F.C..	Jale Dreloa	Suva F.C.
member of sports team	Nick Hebeler is a former professional Canadian football defensive lineman who played nine years in the Canadian Football League, for the BC Lions from 1979 to 1985 and the Saskatchewan Roughriders in 1986 and 1987.	Nick Hebeler	BC Lions
member of sports team	Hüseyin Kala (born 5 May 1987) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Adana Demirspor.	Hüseyin Kala	Adana Demirspor
member of sports team	Bauyrzhan Dzholchiyev (Kazakh: Бауыржан Жолшиев, born 8 May 1990) is a Kazakh footballer who plays for FC Astana and Kazakhstan national football team, as a striker.	Bauyrzhan Dzholchiyev	FC Astana
member of sports team	Yonathan David Rodríguez Auyanet, commonly known as Yoni (born 19 March 1979 in Las Palmas, Canary Islands), is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Vecindario as a forward.	Yonathan David Rodríguez Auyanet	UD Vecindario
member of sports team	Eli Templeton is an Australian rules footballer currently playing with the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Eli Templeton	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	In August 2011 Élson moved to FC Rostov.	Élson	FC Rostov
member of sports team	Jonas Lundén is a Swedish former footballer who last played for GAIS in Allsvenskan.	Jonas Lundén	GAIS
member of sports team	Patrick Rahmen learned his football skill playing in the FC Basel youth system.	Patrick Rahmen	FC Basel
member of sports team	Emmanuel Nosakhare Igiebor (born 9 November 1990), commonly known as Nosa Igiebor or Nosa, is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C..	Nosa Igiebor	Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
member of sports team	Julien Poueys (born July 27, 1979 in Paris, France) is a French footballer with FC Chartres.	Julien Poueys	FC Chartres
member of sports team	Markus Paatelainen (born 23 January 1983 in Valkeakoski, Finland) is a Finnish football midfielder, who is currently playing alongside his brother Mikko for IFK Mariehamn.	Markus Paatelainen	IFK Mariehamn
member of sports team	Rakan Al-Khalidi (born on October 21, 1988) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Ramtha SC and the Jordan national football team.	Rakan Al-Khalidi	Al-Ramtha SC
member of sports team	Ryan Haggerty (born March 4, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey forward under contract with the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Ryan Haggerty	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Nolan Patrick (born September 19, 1998) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing with the Brandon Wheat Kings of the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Nolan Patrick	Brandon Wheat Kings
member of sports team	Rob Milligan (born 17 April 1990 in Northampton, Northamptonshire, England) was a rugby union player for Northampton Saints in the Guinness Premiership.	Rob Milligan	Northampton Saints
member of sports team	Thomas Gebauer (born 30 June 1982) is a German-Austrian footballer currently playing for and captaining SV Ried.	Thomas Gebauer	SV Ried
member of sports team	Navonda Moore (born November 4, 1984) is an American professional women's basketball player in the WNBA, previously playing for the Minnesota Lynx.	Navonda Moore	Minnesota Lynx
member of sports team	Danny Gray (born 21 May 1983) is a rugby union fly half who plays for the Worcester Warriors, having played for French side US Montauban, Exeter Chiefs and Bristol Rugby.	Danny Gray	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	François Dubourdeau (born December 4, 1980 in Angoulême, Charente) is a French footballer who completed his career by playing for Cincinnati Kings in the USL Second Division.	François Dubourdeau	Cincinnati Kings
member of sports team	Dennis Dengering (Spaubeek, 6 March 1993) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a right back for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Dennis Dengering	Fortuna Sittard
member of sports team	Dmitri Anatolyevich Kosenko (Russian: Дмитрий Анатольевич Косенко; born July 15, 1992) is a Russian football midfielder who currently plays for FC Piter Saint Petersburg.	Dmitri Anatolyevich Kosenko	FC Piter Saint Petersburg
member of sports team	Marlind Nuriu (born 5 July 1997 in Tiranë) is an Albanian footballer who plays as a left defender for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Marlind Nuriu	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Borja Martínez Giner (born 2 March 1994), known as simply Borja, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa on loan from RCD Espanyol as a left winger.	Borja Martínez	Cultural y Deportiva Leonesa
member of sports team	Maxime Médard (born 16 November 1986 in Toulouse) is a French rugby union player who plays his club rugby for French club Stade Toulousain in Top 14 and France internationally.	Maxime Médard	Stade Toulousain
member of sports team	Davy Uwimana (born 8 May 1985) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who last played for the Trois-Rivières Attak.	Davy Uwimana	Trois-Rivières Attak
member of sports team	Che Bunce (born 29 August 1975 in Auckland) is a New Zealand footballer is a player-coach for Waikato FC in the NZFC.	Che Bunce	Waikato FC
member of sports team	Rubén Cruz Gil (born 13 October 1985) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a left winger.	Rubén Cruz Gil	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Jamaal Abdul-Lateef (born Jackson Keith Wilkes on May 2, 1953), better known as Jamaal Wilkes, is a retired American basketball player who played the small forward position and won four NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers and Golden State Warriors.	Jamaal Wilkes	Los Angeles Lakers
member of sports team	Karol Sloboda (born April 16, 1983) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently under contract to HC Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Karol Sloboda	HC Lada Togliatti
member of sports team	Franco Tancredi (born 10 January 1955 in Giulianova) is an Italian former football goalkeeper who played for A.S. Roma and Italy.	Franco Tancredi	A.S. Roma
member of sports team	Thapelo Tale (born 22 April 1988) is a Mosotho football striker who plays for FC Andorra.	Thapelo Tale	FC Andorra
member of sports team	Adrien Hunou (born 19 January 1994) is a French footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 2 side Clermont Foot, on loan from Stade Rennais.	Adrien Hunou	Clermont Foot
member of sports team	Karl Ehmer (25 November 1906 -- 12 November 1978) was a German footballer who played most of his career as a forward for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1927 to 1938.	Karl Ehmer	Eintracht Frankfurt
member of sports team	Shane Grambeau (born 17 October 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer for the St Kilda Football Club and Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Shane Grambeau	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Tiago Queiroz Bezerra or also known as Tiago Bezerra (born 17 February 1987), is a Brazilian professional striker who currently plays for Adana Demirspor in TFF First League.	Tiago Queiroz Bezerra	Adana Demirspor
member of sports team	Henrik Ernst (born 2 September 1986) is a German footballer playing for RB Leipzig II. Ernst made his professional debut on 17 October 2009 when he came on for the final five minutes of Hannover 96's away game at Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga.	Henrik Ernst	Hannover 96
member of sports team	Jaime Lazcano Escolá (December 30, 1909 -- June 1, 1983), was a Spanish footballer who played for Real Madrid, Atlético Madrid and Spain during the 1920s and 1930s.	Jaime Lazcano	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Riley Holzapfel (born August 18, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently contracted by Karlskrona HK in the Swedish Hockey League.	Riley Holzapfel	Karlskrona HK
member of sports team	Gordon Dwight Carruthers (born November 7, 1944) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in two National Hockey League (NHL) games, one with the Detroit Red Wings and the other with the Philadelphia Flyers.	Dwight Carruthers	Detroit Red Wings	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	Petr Franěk (born 5 April 1975 in Most) is a Czech ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the HC Litvínov of the Czech Extraliga.	Petr Franěk	HC Litvínov
member of sports team	Jimmy Wayne Tolleson (born November 22, 1955) is an American former professional baseball infielder who played for the Texas Rangers, Chicago White Sox, and New York Yankees of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Wayne Tolleson	Texas Rangers	Chicago White Sox	New York Yankees
member of sports team	On 31 January 2011 Federico Almerares transferred within Switzerland to Neuchâtel Xamax.	Federico Almerares	Neuchâtel Xamax
member of sports team	Alhassan Wakaso (born 7 January 1992) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Rio Ave F.C. as a defensive midfielder or a central defender.	Alhassan Wakaso	Rio Ave F.C.
member of sports team	Christian Gentner (born 14 August 1985 in Nürtingen) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for and captains VfB Stuttgart.	Christian Gentner	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Jim Boylen is the associate head coach for the Chicago Bulls.	Jim Boylen	Chicago Bulls
member of sports team	Brian Pederson (born May 6, 1981 in Sioux Falls, South Dakota) is an American soccer player who played for Rochester Thunder in the USL Premier Development League.	Brian Pederson	Rochester Thunder
member of sports team	George Wolfman was an American college baseball coach who led the California Golden Bears baseball team from 1955 through 1973, including the Bear's second national championship in the 1957 College World Series.	George Wolfman	California Golden Bears baseball
member of sports team	Achilleas Poungouras (Greek: Αχιλλέας Πούγγουρας), born 13 December 1995 in Thessaloniki, is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Veria F.C. on loan from PAOK FC as a centre back.	Achilleas Poungouras	Veria F.C.
member of sports team	Jérôme Gallion (born 4 April 1955, in Toulon) is a retired French international rugby union scrum half for RC Toulonnais.	Jérôme Gallion	RC Toulonnais
member of sports team	Vadim Khomitsky (born July 21, 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Avangard Omsk in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Vadim Khomitsky	Avangard Omsk
member of sports team	Olivier Rambo (born 8 September 1974) is a Martinique-born French footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Illzach Modenheim.	Olivier Rambo	AS Illzach Modenheim
member of sports team	Guillano Grot (born 15 March 1983) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker for WKE in the Dutch Topklasse.	Guillano Grot	WKE
member of sports team	Mohamed Berrabeh (Arabic: محمد برابح‎ -- born 2 October 1985, Berkane) is a Moroccan international footballer who plays as a midfielder for the Moroccan Botola side Wydad Casablanca since signing for them back in 2009 from Mouloudia Oujda.	Mohamed Berrabeh	Wydad Casablanca
member of sports team	Uche Sherif (born September 3, 1983 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who is currently played for Sharks F.C..	Uche Sherif	Sharks F.C.
member of sports team	Edgar Martínez (born January 2, 1963), nicknamed ``Gar'' and ``Papi'', is a former Major League Baseball designated hitter and third baseman and current hitting coach of the Seattle Mariners.	Edgar Martínez	Seattle Mariners
member of sports team	Christian Califano (born 16 May 1972) is a former French rugby union player who finished his career at Gloucester Rugby.	Christian Califano	Gloucester Rugby
member of sports team	Seidu Salifu is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Club Africain in Tunisia.	Seidu Salifu	Club Africain
member of sports team	Dayro Moreno won the Copa Libertadores 2004 with Once Caldas beating Boca Juniors in the final.	Dayro Moreno	Once Caldas
member of sports team	Tory Woodbury (born July 12, 1978 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina) was an American football quarterback/wide receiver who most recently was an offseason member of the Buffalo Bills of the NFL.	Tory Woodbury	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Steve Crossley (born 28 November 1990 in Bradford) is an English rugby league player who is currently signed to Castleford Tigers.	Steve Crossley	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	James Cantion was a London Irish rugby union player.	James Cantion	London Irish
member of sports team	Guy Frazier (born in Detroit, Michigan) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League who played for the Cincinnati Bengals (1981--1984) and the Buffalo Bills (1985--1986).	Guy Frazier	Cincinnati Bengals	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Zamirbek Zhumagulov (born 19 January 1972 in Kyrgyz SSR, now Kyrgyzstan) who currently plays for FC Dordoi-Plaza.	Zamirbek Zhumagulov	FC Dordoi-Plaza
member of sports team	Ediz Bahtiyaroğlu (Bosnian: Edis Bahtijarević) (2 January 1986 -- 5 September 2012) was a Turkish football player who last played for Eskişehirspor in the Turkish Süper Lig.	Ediz Bahtiyaroğlu	Eskişehirspor
member of sports team	Jules Alex Nyom, (born 3 January 1984 in Cameroon), is a Cameroonian soccer goalkeeper, and plays for RoPS.	Jules Alex Nyom	RoPS
member of sports team	Jamain Stephens (Born January 9, 1974) is a former NFL offensive tackle who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals.	Jamain Stephens	Pittsburgh Steelers	Cincinnati Bengals
member of sports team	Craig Ochs (born August 20, 1981) is a former American football quarterback for the San Diego Chargers and Buffalo Bills in the NFL and was also assigned to the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europe in the 2006 season.	Craig Ochs	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Tomislav Višević (born on December 9, 1980 in Karlsruhe, West Germany) is a Bosnian Croat footballer defender playing for NK Osijek in Croatia.	Tomislav Višević	NK Osijek
member of sports team	Maurice Rioli (1 September 195725 December 2010) was an Australian rules football player best known for his time spent with the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL/AFL).	Maurice Rioli	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Pedro Henrique Konzen Medina da Silva (born 16 June 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Stade Rennais F.C. FC Zürich Swiss Cup: 2013--14	Pedro Henrique Konzen	Stade Rennais F.C. FC Zürich
member of sports team	Konsta Hietanen (born 20 July 1984) is a Finnish football player currently playing for FC Lahti in Finnish Veikkausliiga.	Konsta Hietanen	FC Lahti
member of sports team	Mark Bringas is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Meralco Bolts of the Philippine Basketball Association.	Mark Bringas	Meralco Bolts
member of sports team	Frédéric Bulot (born 27 September 1990) is a Gabonese football player who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège in the Belgian Pro League.	Frédéric Bulot	Standard Liège
member of sports team	It is important to refer that numerous football websites mix another player with same name, Zoran Mamić, however that one born at February 2, 1967, and that played in FK Zemun between 1990 and 1992.	Zoran Mamić	FK Zemun
member of sports team	Andriy Poltavtsev (Ukrainian: Андрій Юрійович Полтавцев; born 7 December 1991 in Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Guria Lanchkhuti in the Umaglesi Liga.	Andriy Poltavtsev	FC Guria Lanchkhuti
member of sports team	Eugène Dadi (born 20 August 1973 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a retired Ivorian football striker who played for Manado United in the Liga Primer Indonesia.	Eugène Dadi	Manado United
member of sports team	Ronnie Gustave (born 30 May 1972) is a Dominican football manager, who is the manager of Dominica national football team.	Ronnie Gustave	Dominica national football team
member of sports team	Kohei Kato (born June 14, 1989) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała in the Ekstraklasa.	Kohei Kato	Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
member of sports team	Kim Ryun-do (Hangul: 김륜도; born 9 July 1991) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Bucheon FC 1995 in K League Challenge.	Kim Ryun-do	Bucheon FC 1995
member of sports team	Handré Pollard (born 11 March 1994) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing Super Rugby with the Bulls and in the Top League for NTT Docomo Red Hurricanes.	Handré Pollard	Bulls
member of sports team	Adam Lundqvist (born 20 March 1994), sometimes spelled Adam Lundkvist, is a Swedish footballer who plays for IF Elfsborg as a defender.	Adam Lundqvist	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Douglas Renato de Jesus (born 9 March 1983 in Ribeirão Preto, São Paulo), known simply as Douglas, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Vitória S.C. as a goalkeeper.	Douglas Renato de Jesus	Vitória S.C.
member of sports team	Dennis Hextall (born April 17, 1943) is a former professional hockey forward who spent most of his career with the Minnesota North Stars and Detroit Red Wings.	Dennis Hextall	Minnesota North Stars	Detroit Red Wings
member of sports team	Álvaro Enrique Peña Montero (born 8 March 1989 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan footballer who currently plays for Japanese club Montedio Yamagata as a midfielder.	Álvaro Enrique Peña	Montedio Yamagata
member of sports team	Luiz Fernando Borges Romão, simply Romão (born 31 July 1989), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Red Bull Brasil, as a forward.	Romão	Red Bull Brasil
member of sports team	In 1981 Pelézinha quit school and left América to join EC Radar on a professional basis.	Pelézinha	EC Radar
member of sports team	Mokhamad Syaifuddin (born in Surabaya, Indonesia, August 9, 1992) is an Indonesian footballer, currently plays for PSS Sleman as a Defender.	Mokhamad Syaifuddin	PSS Sleman
member of sports team	Sidney Johnson (born March 7, 1965 in Los Angeles, California) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Kansas City Chiefs and the Washington Redskins.	Sidney Johnson	Kansas City Chiefs	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Chancel Massa is a Congolese professional footballer, who plays as a goal keeper for AC Léopards.	Chancel Massa	AC Léopards
member of sports team	Raphael Herburger (born January 2, 1989) is an Austrian ice hockey player who is currently playing for EHC Biel of the National League A. Herburger competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men's national ice hockey team.	Raphael Herburger	EHC Biel
member of sports team	After Lille, Rudi García joined Stade Malherbe Caen, where he was coached by Robert Nouzaret and Daniel Jeandupeux.	Rudi García	Stade Malherbe Caen
member of sports team	Rudy Linterman (born October 30, 1947) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for the Calgary Stampeders from 1968 through 1977, and for the Toronto Argonauts in 1977.	Rudy Linterman	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Christoph Stückler (born 27 May 1980) is an Austrian defender currently playing for SC Austria Lustenau.	Christoph Stückler	SC Austria Lustenau
member of sports team	Sergio Rico González (Spanish pronunciation: ('serxjo 'riko ɣon'θaleθ); born 1 September 1993) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sevilla FC as a goalkeeper.	Sergio Rico	Sevilla FC
member of sports team	Mike Jemison (born June 3, 1983 in Greencastle, Pennsylvania) is an American football player who last played running back for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League and running back for the Hamburg Sea Devils of NFL Europe .	Mike Jemison	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Gareth Stephens (born 15 April 1974) is a former rugby league footballer, playing at club level for Leeds, Castleford Tigers, Hull and Sheffield Eagles, and at representative level for Great Britain U-21 and Wales, as a Stand-off/Five-eighth, or Scrum-half/Halfback.	Gareth Stephens	Castleford Tigers	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Jazmine Reeves (born January 30, 1992) is an American retired soccer forward who played one season in the National Women's Soccer League for the Boston Breakers.	Jazmine Reeves	Boston Breakers
member of sports team	Philippe Seydoux (born 23 January 1985) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player with the Lausanne HC of the National League A.	Philippe Seydoux	Lausanne HC
member of sports team	Dieter Hecking (pronounced (ˈdiːtɐ ˈhɛkɪŋ); born 12 September 1964) is a German football manager and former professional player who works as manager of VfL Wolfsburg.	Dieter Hecking	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	In 2007 Rovérsio signed a one-year contract with F.C. Paços de Ferreira, moving the following campaign to La Liga side CA Osasuna.	Rovérsio	F.C. Paços de Ferreira
member of sports team	William Brian Powell (October 10, 1973 -- October 5, 2009) was a Major League Baseball pitcher from Bainbridge, Georgia, who played in the majors from 1998 to 2004 for the Detroit Tigers, Houston Astros, Philadelphia Phillies, and San Francisco Giants.	Brian Powell	Detroit Tigers	Houston Astros	Philadelphia Phillies	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Ade Adebisi (born 1 January 1986) is a Nigerian rugby league footballer who currently plays for London Skolars as a Wing.	Ade Adebisi	London Skolars
member of sports team	Mahmoud Dahoud (born 1 January 1996) is a German footballer of Syrian descent who plays as a midfielder for Borussia Mönchengladbach in the Bundesliga.	Mahmoud Dahoud	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Travis Major is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Blacktown City FC.	Travis Major	Blacktown City FC
member of sports team	Steve Doerr is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally for the Memphis Americans in the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Steve Doerr	Memphis Americans
member of sports team	Matthew Ezzy (born 2 January 1984) is an Australian former ice hockey player who played Newcastle North Stars of the Australian Ice Hockey League and was a member of the Australian national team between 2004 and 2011.	Matthew Ezzy	Newcastle North Stars
member of sports team	Tadas Papečkys (born 28 September 1978 in Mariampolė) is a Lithuanian footballer (defender) playing currently for JK Sillamäe Kalev.	Tadas Papečkys	JK Sillamäe Kalev
member of sports team	Nguyễn Anh Tuấn (born 19 August 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays for Vicem Hai Phong F.C. as a centre back.	Nguyễn Anh Tuấn	Vicem Hai Phong F.C.
member of sports team	Patrick William Howard, usually known as Pat Howard or Paddy Howard (born 14 November 1973) is an ex-head coach at Leicester Tigers and a former Australian rugby union international who played centre or fly-half.	Pat Howard	Leicester Tigers
member of sports team	Mats Rosseli Olsen (born April 29, 1991) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward, currently playing for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Hockey League (SHL).	Mats Rosseli Olsen	Frölunda HC
member of sports team	Lon Evans (December 25, 1911 -- December 11, 1992) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for five seasons for the Green Bay Packers in the National Football League.	Lon Evans	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Josef Zinnbauer (born 1 May 1970) is a German retired football midfielder, who currently is the manager of FC St. Gallen.	Josef Zinnbauer	FC St. Gallen
member of sports team	After a spell back in Brazil with his very first club, lowly Desportiva Capixaba, Sávio signed in August 2008 with Cypriot side Anorthosis Famagusta FC, appearing with the club in the 2008--09 Champions League.	Sávio	Anorthosis Famagusta FC
member of sports team	Joan Segarra Iracheta (15 November 1927 -- 3 September 2008) was a Spanish footballer, captain of the ``Barça of the Five Trophies'', one of the best teams that FC Barcelona have had in their history.	Joan Segarra	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Tyrone Crews was a linebacker in the Canadian Football League playing 7 seasons with the BC Lions.	Tyrone Crews	BC Lions
member of sports team	Choi Kyoung-rok (Hangul: 최경록; born 15 March 1995) is a South Korean footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for FC St. Pauli.	Choi Kyoung-rok	FC St. Pauli
member of sports team	Ricardo Peláez Linares (born 14 March 1963) is a former Mexican footballer and current President of Club América.	Ricardo Peláez	Club América
member of sports team	Tom Dougherty (May 30, 1881 -- November 6, 1953), nicknamed ``Sugar Boy'', was a baseball pitcher for the Chicago White Sox in 1904.	Tom Dougherty	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Rade Vukotić (Cyrillic: Paдe Bукoтић, born 25 August 1982 in Bijelo Polje) is a Montenegrin football forward playing for FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje.	Rade Vukotić	FK Jedinstvo Bijelo Polje
member of sports team	Bujar Lika is a Swiss Albanian footballer who plays as defender with FC Wohlen in the Swiss Challenge League.	Bujar Lika	FC Wohlen
member of sports team	Bart Straalman (born 28 August 1996, Winterswijk) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a centre back for De Graafschap in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Bart Straalman	De Graafschap
member of sports team	Lacey Pauletta is an international footballer who currently plays for Real Rincon of the Bonaire League and the Bonaire national football team.	Lacey Pauletta	Real Rincon
member of sports team	Born in Santos, São Paulo, Celso started playing for local Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP), sharing teams with future legend Sócrates.	Celso	Botafogo Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Stephanie McCaffrey (born February 18, 1993) is an American soccer forward currently playing for Boston Breakers in the National Women's Soccer League.	Stephanie McCaffrey	Boston Breakers
member of sports team	Roman Zherzh (Ukrainian: Роман Жерш; born 2 December 1985) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays for Ukrainian First League club FC Zirka Kirovohrad.	Roman Zherzh	FC Zirka Kirovohrad
member of sports team	Mark Wiltse (born May 29, 1988 in Fairfax, Virginia) is a former American soccer player, best known for his days with the Charleston Battery of the USL Professional Division.	Mark Wiltse	Charleston Battery
member of sports team	Brett Keisel (born September 19, 1978) is a former American football defensive end who played 12 seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Brett Keisel	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Jérôme Porical (born 20 September 1985 in Perpignan) is a professional rugby union fullback currently playing for Stade Français in the Top 14.	Jérôme Porical	Stade Français
member of sports team	Adrian Flynn ( 9 September 1974 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity, Castleford Tigers, Dewsbury Rams, Featherstone Rovers, and Batley Bulldogs, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Adrian Flynn	Castleford Tigers	Featherstone Rovers	Batley Bulldogs
member of sports team	Róbert Matejka (born 30 May 1996) is a Slovak football forward who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FC DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda, on loan from ŠK Slovan Bratislava.	Róbert Matejka	ŠK Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	João Gabriel Silva Ferreira (born 29 July 1986 in Mealhada, Aveiro), known as Barroca, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Swiss club Servette FC as a goalkeeper.	Barroca	Servette FC
member of sports team	Mickey Pruitt (born January 10, 1965 in Bamberg, South Carolina) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for five seasons for the Chicago Bears and Dallas Cowboys, and won a Super Bowl ring with the Cowboys in Super Bowl XXVII.	Mickey Pruitt	Chicago Bears	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Stephen Vincent Maney (October 14, 1886 -- March 13, 1952) was an American Major League Baseball shortstop who played in one game for the Detroit Tigers on May 18, 1912.	Vincent Maney	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Ludovic Pollet (born June 18, 1970 in Vieux-Condé) is a French former footballer, currently working as a coach at USL Dunkerque.	Ludovic Pollet	USL Dunkerque
member of sports team	Yannis Tafer (French pronunciation: ​(janis tafɛːʁ), born 11 February 1991) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Swiss club FC St. Gallen in the Swiss Super League.	Yannis Tafer	FC St. Gallen
member of sports team	Constant Villegas is a rugby league player for Toulouse Olympique in the Elite One Championship.	Constant Villegas	Toulouse Olympique
member of sports team	Evan Chevalier (born May 13, 1992) is a French footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Bergerac Périgord FC.	Evan Chevalier	Bergerac Périgord FC
member of sports team	Anthony Koura (born 6 May 1993 in Le Mans) is a French football player who currently plays for French club Nîmes Olympique in Ligue 2.	Anthony Koura	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Paulo Roberto Morais Júnior commonly known as Paulo (born 25 February 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hidd SCC in the Bahraini Premier League.	Paulo Roberto Morais Júnior	Hidd SCC
member of sports team	Undrafted, Steve Preece signed a free agent NFL contract with the New Orleans Saints in 1969, not as a quarterback but as a defensive back.	Steve Preece	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Dian Agus Prasetyo (born on August 3, 1985) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya F.C. in the Indonesia Super League.	Dian Agus Prasetyo	Sriwijaya F.C.
member of sports team	Richard Kamara is a Liberian association football player who has represented the Liberia national football team, and played for the Minnesota Twin Stars.	Richard Kamara	Minnesota Twin Stars
member of sports team	Nwankwo Tochukwu (born April 27, 1986, in Port Harcourt) is a Nigerian football player currently with the Ventura County Fusion.	Nwankwo Tochukwu	Ventura County Fusion
member of sports team	Marko Pajač (born 11 May 1993) is a Croatian football midfielder currently playing for NK Celje.	Marko Pajač	NK Celje
member of sports team	Eerikki Koivu (born 29 December 1979 in Kokkola, Finland) is a professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for Lørenskog IK in Norway's GET-ligaen.	Eerikki Koivu	Lørenskog IK
member of sports team	Tomasz Kiełbowicz (born February 21, 1976 in Hrubieszów) is a retired Polish footballer (midfielder or full-back), who played for Unia Hrubieszów, Siarka Tarnobrzeg, Raków Częstochowa, Widzew Łódź, Polonia Warsaw and Legia Warsaw.	Tomasz Kiełbowicz	Siarka Tarnobrzeg	Raków Częstochowa	Widzew Łódź	Polonia Warsaw	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Born in Bissau, Guinea-Bissau to a father of Portuguese descent, Aladje started playing organized football with Calcio Padova in Italy.	Aladje	Calcio Padova
member of sports team	Reza Mustofa Ardiansyah is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya as a winger.	Reza Mustofa	Persebaya Surabaya
member of sports team	Pascal Berenguer (born May 20, 1981, in Marseille, France) is a French professional football (soccer) player, who last played for Tours FC.	Pascal Berenguer	Tours FC
member of sports team	Peter Aspinall (born 4 April 1994) is a rugby league player for York City Knights.	Peter Aspinall	York City Knights
military branch	James Mighels was a British Naval officer who rose to the rank of Rear Admiral in the Royal Navy.	James Mighels	Royal Navy
military branch	Joseph R. Lamonde is a former Chaplain of the United States Marine Corps.	Joseph R. Lamonde	United States Marine Corps
military branch	The 19th Light Dragoons was a cavalry regiment of the British Army created in 1781 for service in British India.	19th Light Dragoons	British Army
military branch	Vice Admiral Sir John Michael Villiers KCB, OBE (22 June 1907 -- 1990) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Fourth Sea Lord.	Michael Villiers	Royal Navy
military branch	Janusz Meissner (nom de plume: ``porucznik Herbert,'' English: ``Flt Lt Herbert''; 21 January 1901 in Warsaw -- 28 February 1978 in Kraków) was a Polish author and journalist, and a pilot of Polish Air Force.	Janusz Meissner	Polish Air Force
military branch	Lieutenant General Wallace H. Robinson (February 11, 1920 -- August 17, 2013) was a United States Marine Corps general.	Wallace H. Robinson	United States Marine Corps
military branch	The 169th (3rd London) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in both World War I and World War II. Throughout its existence the brigade, known by many different designations, was an integral part of the 56th (London) Infantry Division.	169th (3rd London) Brigade	British Army
military branch	Robert E. Haebel (born July 18, 1927) is a retired United States Marine Corps major general whose last command was Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton.	Robert E. Haebel	United States Marine Corps
military branch	General Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson, 6th Baronet (25 January 1727 -- 29 August 1798) was an officer of the British Army and Member of Parliament.	Thomas Spencer Wilson	British Army
military branch	III Marine Expeditionary Force (III MEF) is a formation of the Marine Air-Ground Task Force of the United States Marine Corps.	III Marine Expeditionary Force	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Jacob Volz (June 23, 1889 -- July 22, 1965) was a Carpenter's Mate Third Class in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the Philippine--	Jacob Volz	United States Navy
military branch	Air Marshal Sir Charles Roderick Carr KBE, CB, DFC, AFC (31 August 1891 -- 15 December 1971) was a senior Royal Air Force commander from New Zealand.	Roderick Carr	Royal Air Force
military branch	Charles Gidding or Giddings (born 1853, date of death unknown) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.	Charles Gidding	United States Navy
military branch	Major General Sir Borlase Elward Wyndham Childs KCMG KBE CB (15 December 1876 -- 27 November 1946) was a British Army officer who also served as Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis from 1921 to 1928.	Wyndham Childs	British Army
military branch	He flew for the Royal Air Force Ferry Command during World War II. Louis Bisson received the King's Commendation for Valuable Service in the Air on 11 June 1942.	Louis Bisson	Royal Air Force
military branch	Vice-Admiral Sir Edmund Radcliffe Pears, KBE, CB (25 April 1862 - 21 June 1941) was a British Royal Navy officer, who served in the First World War.	Edmund Radcliffe Pears	Royal Navy
military branch	Ian V. Hogg enlisted in the Royal Artillery of the British Army in April 1945.	Ian V. Hogg	British Army
military branch	Johnnie David Hutchins (August 4, 1922 -- September 4, 1943) was a United States Navy sailor and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in World War II. He enlisted in the Navy from Houston in November 1942.	Johnnie David Hutchins	United States Navy
military branch	John R. Ryan (born August 15, 1945) is a retired United States Navy vice admiral who served as the Superintendent of the United States Naval Academy and as the Chancellor of the State University of New York.	John R. Ryan	United States Navy
military branch	James Trevenen (1 January 1760 -- 9 August 1790) was an officer in the Royal Navy and the Imperial Russian Navy.	James Trevenen	Royal Navy
military branch	Kevin B. Kuklok retired from the United States Marine Corps as a Major General after over thirty years of service .	Kevin B. Kuklok	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Frank Jack Fletcher (April 29, 1885 -- April 25, 1973) was an admiral in the United States Navy during World War II. Fletcher was the operational commander at the pivotal Battles of Coral Sea and of Midway.	Frank Jack Fletcher	United States Navy
military branch	The 58th (2/1st London) Division was an infantry division created in 1915 as part of the massive expansion of the British Army during World War I. It was a 2nd Line Territorial Force formation raised as a duplicate of the 56th (1/1st London) Division.	58th (2/1st London) Division	British Army
military branch	The Welsh Guards (WG), (Welsh: Gwarchodlu Cymreig), part of the Guards Division, is one of the Foot Guards regiments of the British Army.	Welsh Guards	British Army
military branch	Henry Carlton Cumberbatch (8 December 1900 -- 27 January 1966) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served as a submarine commander before and at the start of World War II.	Henry Carlton Cumberbatch	Royal Navy
military branch	George Augustus Eliott, 1st Baron Heathfield, PC, KB (25 December 1717 -- 6 July 1790) was a British Army officer who served in three major wars during the eighteenth century.	George Augustus Eliott, 1st Baron Heathfield	British Army
military branch	Charles Mitchell Thomas (October 1, 1846--July 3, 1908) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served for 47 years.	Charles Mitchell Thomas	United States Navy
military branch	Walter Schindler (December 10, 1897 -- April 3, 1991) was a highly decorated career officer in the United States Navy, who ultimately achieved the rank of Vice Admiral.	Walter Schindler	United States Navy
military branch	Franz Anton Itrich (November 26, 1853 -- June 11, 1933) was a chief carpenter's mate serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--	Franz Anton Itrich	United States Navy
military branch	Carl Ferdinand Pfeifer (December 18, 1915 -- May 12, 2001) was an officer in the United States Navy and aid to Presidents Harry S. Truman and Dwight D. Eisenhower.	Carl Ferdinand Pfeifer	United States Navy
military branch	Vice Admiral William Douglas Crowder retired from the United States Navy in November 2009 after serving as the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Operations, Plans and Strategy (N3/N5).	William Douglas Crowder	United States Navy
military branch	Generalleutnant Kurt-Bertram von Döring (18 February 1889 in Ribbekardt -- 9 July 1960 in Medingen) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Generalleutnant.	Kurt-Bertram von Döring	Luftwaffe
military branch	Major General (Thomas) Herbert Shoubridge CB, CMG, DSO (1871 -- 1923) was a British Army officer who became Commandant of the Royal Military College Sandhurst.	Herbert Shoubridge	British Army
military branch	Colonel Harry Noel Havelock Wild OBE (usually referred to as Noel Wild) was a British Army officer during the Second World War.	Noel Wild	British Army
military branch	Barrington Dacres (died 25 October 1806) was an officer of the Royal Navy, who saw service during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars.	Barrington Dacres	Royal Navy
military branch	Commodore John R. Goldsborough (2 July 1809 -- 22 June 1877) was an officer in the United States Navy.	John R. Goldsborough	United States Navy
military branch	The Royal Corps of Signals (often simply known as the Royal Signals - abbreviated to R SIGNALS) is one of the combat support arms of the British Army.	Royal Corps of Signals	British Army
military branch	Marshall MacDermott (c.1791 -- 3 November 1877) was a British Army officer and member of the South Australian Legislative Council 1855 to 1857 and a member for the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Flinders from 1857 to 1859.	Marshall MacDermott	British Army
military branch	The King's Own Malta Regiment was a territorial infantry regiment on the British Army colonial list prior to Malta's independence.	The King's Own Malta Regiment	British Army
military branch	Thomas Cranley Onslow (7 October 1778 -- 7 July 1861) was a British politician and British Army officer, the second son of Thomas Onslow, 2nd Earl of Onslow.	Thomas Cranley Onslow	British Army
military branch	The Devon and Cornwall County Division was a County Division of the British Army formed on 28 February 1941.	Devon and Cornwall County Division	British Army
military branch	Admiral Sir Alan Geoffrey Hotham KCMG CB (3 October 1876 -- 10 July 1965) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	Alan Geoffrey Hotham	Royal Navy
military branch	Air Marshal Sir John Humphrey Edwardes-Jones KCB, CBE, DFC, AFC (15 August 1905 -- 19 January 1987) was a senior Royal Air Force commander.	Humphrey Edwardes-Jones	Royal Air Force
military branch	The Wessex Regiment was a Territorial Army (TA) infantry regiment of the British Army between 1971 and 1995.	Wessex Regiment	British Army
military branch	Victor G. Guillory is a retired United States Navy rear admiral who, in his last position, served as the Commander, United States Fourth Fleet.	Victor G. Guillory	United States Navy
military branch	Brigadier General Carmelita Vigil-Schimmenti (born December 16, 1936) was an officer of the United States Air Force, who in 1985 became the first Hispanic female to attain the rank of Brigadier General.	Carmelita Vigil-Schimmenti	United States Air Force
military branch	Richard Nigel Cullen, DFC (5 June 1917 -- 4 March 1941) was an Australian fighter ace of World War II. Serving with the Royal Air Force (RAF), he was credited with as many as sixteen aerial victories before being killed in action during the Battle of Greece.	Nigel Cullen	Royal Air Force
military branch	Baldomero López (August 23, 1925 -- September 15, 1950) was a first lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean War.	Baldomero López	United States Marine Corps
military branch	Captain Edward Rotheram CB RN (27 December 1753 -- 6 November 1830) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy, who served for many years during the American War of Independence, French Revolutionary War and Napoleonic Wars.	Edward Rotheram	Royal Navy
military branch	Captain William Cornwallis Symonds (1810 -- 23 November 1841) was a British Army officer who was prominent in the early colonisation of New Zealand.	William Cornwallis Symonds	British Army
military branch	Lieutenant General Erhard Bühler (born 20 January 1956) is an officer of the German Army, and the current Director General for Planning German Ministry of Defence in Berlin, Germany.	Erhard Bühler	German Army
military branch	The 602 Commando Company (Spanish: Compañía de Comandos 602) is a special operations unit of the Argentine Army.	602 Commando Company	Argentine Army
military branch	Admiral James Fife, Jr. (January 22, 1897 - November 1, 1975) was a United States Navy admiral who was promoted to four star rank after retirement as a ``tombstone admiral''.	James Fife, Jr.	United States Navy
military branch	Admiral Sir Henry D'Esterre Darby, KCB, (1750--1823) was an officer in the Royal Navy.	Henry D'Esterre Darby	Royal Navy
military branch	Owen Lewis Cope Williams (13 July 1836 -- 15 January 1913) was a British Army officer and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1885.	Owen Lewis Cope Williams	British Army
mother	Anna Hruby is the daughter of Joy Hruby, a recipient of an OAM for her contribution to community broadcasting as a producer for TVS (Television Sydney), Anna has a brother actor Frank Hruby and sister Janette Hruby, she is married to Kim Cheshire and has a daughter Polly Cheshire.	Anna Hruby	Joy Hruby
mother	Melpomene is the daughter of Zeus and Mnemosyne.	Melpomene	Mnemosyne
mother	Dansili's dam, Hasili, won four races as a two-year-old and is a daughter of Epsom Derby winner Kahyasi.	Dansili	Hasili
mother	Archduchess Charlotte of Austria (German: Erzherzogin Charlotte von Österreich; 1 March 1921 -- 23 July 1989) was a daughter of Emperor Charles I of Austria and his wife Princess Zita of Bourbon-Parma.	Archduchess Charlotte of Austria	Zita of Bourbon-Parma
mother	Wilhelm Kettler was the youngest son of Gotthard Kettler and his wife Anna of Mecklenburg.	Wilhelm Kettler	Anna of Mecklenburg
mouth of the watercourse	The Abitibi River is a river in northeastern Ontario, Canada, which flows northwest from Lake Abitibi to join the Moose River which empties into James Bay.	Abitibi River	Moose River
mouth of the watercourse	Mummel River rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range, below Mount Sugarloaf, southeast of Walcha and flows generally south by west, southeast, and then south southeast, joined by one minor tributary, before reaching its confluence with the Cooplacurripa River, north of Giro, northwest of Taree.	Mummel River	Cooplacurripa River
mouth of the watercourse	Wiconisco Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Schuylkill and Dauphin counties, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Wiconisco Creek	Susquehanna River
mouth of the watercourse	The Bou Regreg (Arabic: أبو رقراق‎) is a river located in western Morocco which discharges to the Atlantic Ocean between the cities of Rabat and Salé.	Bou Regreg	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Selz is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, and a left hand tributary of the Rhine.	Selz	Rhine
named after	Alapin's Opening is an unusual chess opening that starts with the moves: 1.e4 e5 2.Ne2 It is named after the Russo-Lithuanian player and openings analyst Semyon Alapin (1856--1923).	Alapin's Opening	Semyon Alapin
named after	Because of its location at the equator, Ecuador experiences little variation in daylight hours during the course of a year.	Ecuador	equator
named after	Lubusz Land (Polish: Ziemia Lubuska, Lubusz; German: Land Lebus) is a historical region and cultural landscape in Poland and Germany on both sides of the Oder river.	Lubusz Land	Lebus
named after	Norman Bethune Square (French: Place Norman-Bethune) is a small urban square located in Downtown Montreal at the northwest intersection of Guy Street and De Maisonneuve Boulevard West.	Norman Bethune Square	Norman-Bethune
named after	The Teutoburg Forest / Egge Hills Nature Park (German: Naturpark Teutoburger Wald / Eggegebirge) is a nature park founded in 1965 in the northeast of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Teutoburg Forest / Egge Hills Nature Park	Eggegebirge
narrative location	New Grub Street is a novel by George Gissing published in 1891, which is set in the literary and journalistic circles of 1880s London.	New Grub Street	London
narrative location	The Hunchback of Notre-Dame (French: Notre-Dame de Paris) is a French Romantic novel by Victor Hugo published in 1831.	The Hunchback of Notre-Dame	Paris
narrative location	The Driver (Ryan O'Neal) - real name unknown - has made a career out of stealing cars to use as getaway vehicles in big-time robberies all over Los Angeles.	The Driver	Los Angeles
narrative location	The girls follow it into the basement of a building, where they are drawn through a gap between the worlds of London and Un Lun Dun (or UnLondon).	Un Lun Dun	London
narrative location	Have Dreams, Will Travel (also known as West Texas Lullaby, A West Texas Children's Story, and Dream It Out Loud) is a 2007 drama film set in the 1960s.	Have Dreams, Will Travel	Texas
narrative location	In 1967 in Dublin, the unexpected death of Agnes Browne's husband sends her family, consisting of seven children aged between two and fourteen, into emotional turmoil and financial crisis.	Agnes Browne	Dublin
narrative location	Our Day Out is a television play about deprived children from Liverpool in the United Kingdom.	Our Day Out	Liverpool
narrative location	O Pioneers! tells the story of the Bergsons, a family of Swedish immigrants in the farm country near the fictional town of Hanover, Nebraska, at the turn of the 20th century.	O Pioneers!	Nebraska
narrative location	The setting for Life Is Elsewhere is Czechoslovakia before, during, and after the Second World War, and tells the story of Jaromil, a character who dedicates his life to poetry.	Life Is Elsewhere	Czechoslovakia
narrative location	A Walking Tour of the Shambles (Little Walks For Sightseers #16) (2002), written by Neil Gaiman and Gene Wolfe, is a novel in the form of a tour guide concerning a fictional part of Chicago called 'The Shambles'.	A Walking Tour of the Shambles	Chicago
narrative location	Smart People was filmed on location in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, including several scenes at Carnegie Mellon University and the Pittsburgh International Airport.	Smart People	Pittsburgh
narrative location	Dogs in Space is a 1986 Australian film set in Melbourne's Little band scene in 1978.	Dogs in Space	Melbourne
narrative location	His Family tells the story of a middle-class family in New York City in the 1910s.	His Family	New York City
narrative location	The abject disaster of Cutthroat Island is also credited with significantly reducing the bankability and Hollywood production of pirate-themed films, which recovered only with the production of Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean:	Cutthroat Island	Caribbean
narrative location	Children Without is a 1964 American short documentary film directed by Charles Guggenheim, about a young girl and her brother growing up in the housing projects of Detroit.	Children Without	Detroit
narrative location	The Last Message is a 1975 Hong Kong comedy film directed by and starring Michael Hui, and co-starring Samuel Hui, with a cameo appearance by Ricky Hui.	The Last Message	Hong Kong
narrative location	Stolen Paradise also released as Adolescence is a 1940 youth film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and filmed in and around Coral Gables, Florida.	Stolen Paradise	Florida
narrative location	No, Honestly featured the real-life married couple of Pauline Collins and John Alderton respectively as Clara and Charles ``CD'' Danby, a newlywed couple living in London.	No, Honestly	London
narrative location	Mad About Mambo is a 2000 British/Irish co-production, filmed in Dublin but set in Belfast, written and directed by John Forte.	Mad About Mambo	Belfast
narrative location	The series stars Rebecca Romijn as Pepper Dennis, a television reporter for an evening news broadcast at the fictional television station WEiE (specifically with a small i) in Chicago.	Pepper Dennis	Chicago
narrative location	Cry Danger is a 1951 film noir thriller shot in twenty-two days in Los Angeles.	Cry Danger	Los Angeles
narrative location	The Travelling Players (Greek: Ο Θίασος, translit. O Thiassos) is a 1975 Greek film directed by Theodoros Angelopoulos that traces the history of mid-20th century Greece from 1939 to 1952.	The Travelling Players	Greece
narrative location	The Troops of St. Tropez (French: Le gendarme de Saint-Tropez; literally The Policeman from Saint-Tropez) is a 1964 French comedy film with Louis de Funès.	The Troops of St. Tropez	Saint-Tropez
narrative location	Principal photography for Inside Man began in June 2005 and concluded in August of that year; filming took place on location in New York City.	Inside Man	New York City
narrative location	Jesus Camp is about the ``Kids On Fire School of Ministry'', a charismatic Christian summer camp located just outside Devils Lake, North Dakota and run by Becky Fischer and her ministry, ``Kids in Ministry International.''	Jesus Camp	North Dakota
native language	Georges Moustaki (born Giuseppe Mustacchi; May 3, 1934 -- May 23, 2013) was an Egyptian-French singer-songwriter of Italo-Greek origin, best known for the poetic rhythm and simplicity of the romantic songs he composed and often sang.	Georges Moustaki	Greek
native language	Alain Terzian (born 2 May 1949) is a French-Armenian film producer, Administrator of Cannes Film Festival jury, President of Académie des Arts et Techniques du Cinéma.	Alain Terzian	French
native language	Sybe Minnema (June 19, 1924 -- July 19, 2015), known by his pen name Sybren Polet, was a Dutch prose writer and poet.	Sybren Polet	Dutch
native language	Claude Simon (French: (simɔ̃); 10 October 1913 -- 6 July 2005) was a Malagasy-French author and academic, and the 1985 Nobel Laureate in Literature.	Claude Simon	French
native language	Sir Constantijn Huygens (4 September 1596 -- 28 March 1687), was a Dutch Golden Age poet and composer.	Constantijn Huygens	Dutch
occupation	Patrick Bruders is an American musician, best known as the current bassist for heavy metal supergroup Down, the former bassist of the blackened death metal band Goatwhore from 1997 to 2004, and the former bassist for the seminal sludge metal band, Crowbar from 2005 until 2013.	Patrick Bruders	musician
occupation	Scott Rankin (*1959 in Sydney) is an Australian theatre director, writer and co-founder and Creative Director of the arts and social change company Big hART .	Scott Rankin	theatre director
occupation	Paul Hutcheon is a Scottish political journalist who currently serves as Investigations Editor for the Sunday Herald.	Paul Hutcheon	journalist
occupation	Neslihan Şenocak (born in İzmir, c. 1976) is a Turkish historian, and instructor at Bilkent University, Ankara and at Columbia University in the city of New York.	Neslihan Şenocak	historian
occupation	William Denman Eberle (June 5, 1923 -- April 3, 2008) was an American politician and businessman from Idaho who held the office of Trade Representative from 1971 to 1974 under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford.	William Denman Eberle	politician
parent taxon	Odontanthias is a genus of fishes in the subfamily Anthiinae.	Odontanthias	Anthiinae
parent taxon	The Venezuelan tyrannulet (Zimmerius improbus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Venezuelan tyrannulet	Zimmerius
parent taxon	Verreaux's coua (Coua verreauxi) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Verreaux's coua	Coua
parent taxon	The Dinelli's doradito (Pseudocolopteryx dinelliana) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Dinelli's doradito	Pseudocolopteryx
parent taxon	Rhopalini is a tribe of insects in the subfamily Rhopalinae, family Rhopalidae, order Heteroptera.	Rhopalini	Rhopalinae
parent taxon	Phaeonematoloma is a small genus of slender, fleshy mushrooms in the family Strophariaceae with large, brownish spores with a germ pore and with conspicuous chrysocystidia.	Phaeonematoloma	Strophariaceae
parent taxon	The Dominican Anole or Eyed Anole (Anolis oculatus) is a species of anole lizard.	Dominican Anole	Anolis
parent taxon	The Colombian wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys melanosterna) is a one of nine species of turtle belonging to the genus Rhinoclemmys of the family Geoemydidae.	Colombian wood turtle	Rhinoclemmys
parent taxon	Scirpus is a genus of aquatic, grass-like species in the family Cyperaceae (the sedges), many with the common names club-rush or bulrush (see also bulrush for other plant genera so-named).	Scirpus	Cyperaceae
parent taxon	Speotarus lucifugus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speotarus.	Speotarus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The San Gil climbing salamander or San Gil mushroomtongue salamander (Bolitoglossa nicefori) is a species of salamander belonging to the family Plethodontidae.	San Gil climbing salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Micropogonias is a genus of fish in the family Sciaenidae (Croakers).	Micropogonias	Sciaenidae
parent taxon	The Fuertes's parrot (Hapalopsittaca fuertesi), also known as the indigo-winged parrot, is a parrot which has a highly restricted range on the west slope of the Central Andes of Colombia.	Fuertes's parrot	Hapalopsittaca
parent taxon	Amphoroidea is a genus of isopod of the family Sphaeromatidae, containing the following species:	Amphoroidea	Sphaeromatidae
parent taxon	The Canary Islands stonechat (Saxicola dacotiae), also known as the Fuerteventura stonechat or Fuerteventura chat, and formerly known as the Canary Islands chat due to its once widespread distribution on the Canary Islands.	Canary Islands stonechat	Saxicola
parent taxon	Aulacosphinctoides is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod that lived during the Late Jurassic (Late Kimmeridgian to early Tithonian), included in the ammonitid family Perisphinctidae.	Aulacosphinctoides	Perisphinctidae
parent taxon	Mastigodiaptomus is a genus of Neotropical copepods in the family Diaptomidae.	Mastigodiaptomus	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	Mitostigma is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1844.	Mitostigma	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Indirana is a genus of frogs, the sole member of the Ranixalidae family.	Indirana	Ranixalidae
parent taxon	Rhyssa is a genus of ichneumon wasps belonging to the family Ichneumonidae subfamily Rhyssinae.	Rhyssa	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	The Venezuelan herring (Jenkinsia parvula) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae family.	Venezuelan herring	Jenkinsia
parent taxon	The Chatham oystercatcher or Chatham Island oystercatcher (Haematopus chathamensis) is a species of oystercatcher.	Chatham oystercatcher	Haematopus
parent taxon	The Pacific elaenia (Myiopagis subplacens) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Pacific elaenia	Myiopagis
parent taxon	The Johannes's tody-tyrant (Hemitriccus iohannis) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Johannes's tody-tyrant	Hemitriccus
parent taxon	Erotylus is a genus of Pleasing Fungus Beetles in the family Erotylidae.	Erotylus	Erotylidae
parent taxon	Paramelita is a genus of crustacean in family Paramelitidae, containing the following species:	Paramelita	Paramelitidae
parent taxon	Clausidiidae is a family of parasitic copepods of the order Poecilostomatoida, containing the following genera:	Clausidiidae	Poecilostomatoida
parent taxon	Ophichthus fowleri, also known as the Fowler's snake eel is a species of eel in the family Ophichthidae.	Fowler's snake eel	Ophichthus
parent taxon	The Sunda teal (Anas gibberifrons), also known as the Bebek cokelat, is a dabbling duck found in open wetlands in Indonesia.	Sunda teal	Anas
parent taxon	The Southern pygmy leatherjacket (Brachaluteres jacksonianus) is a filefish endemic to Australia, found in temperate coastal waters and reefs from southern Queensland around to south-west Western Australia, including Tasmania.	Southern pygmy leatherjacket	Brachaluteres
parent taxon	Gotoblemus ii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Gotoblemus.	Gotoblemus	Carabidae
parent taxon	In 1961, the Italian biologist Antonio Giordano Soika, during his revision of the Eumenidae family, founded, at the 11th Congress of the Entomological Society in Vienna, the new genus Brachymenes and described the new species Brachymenes dyscherus.	Brachymenes	Eumenidae
parent taxon	Bonneterrina, Carinamala, Cedaria, Cedarina, Paracedaria, Jimachongia and Vernaculina together comprise the family Cedariidae.	Cedaria	Cedariidae
parent taxon	Saltia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, endemic to the high mountains of East Africa.	Saltia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Hippelates is a genus of flies in the family Chloropidae and are often referred to as eye gnats or eye flies (the name is also used for members of the Old World genus Siphunculina).	Hippelates	Chloropidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand quail (Coturnix novaezelandiae), or koreke (the Māori name), has been extinct since 1875.	New Zealand quail	Coturnix
parent taxon	Graham's stonebasher (Hippopotamyrus grahami) is a species of fish in the Mormyridae family.	Graham's stonebasher	Hippopotamyrus
parent taxon	The subdivision Agaricomycotina, also known as the hymenomycetes, is one of three taxa of the fungal division Basidiomycota (fungi bearing spores on basidia).	Agaricomycotina	Basidiomycota
parent taxon	Kageneckia is a genus of flowering plant in family Rosaceae.	Kageneckia	Rosaceae
parent taxon	The Pontic shad (Alosa immaculata, previously Alosa pontica), also referred to as the Black sea shad or Kerch shad, is a species of clupeid fish in the genus Alosa, native to the Black Sea and Sea of Azov basins.	Pontic shad	Alosa
parent taxon	The Arabian chameleon, Chamaeleo arabicus, is a species of chameleon native to the southern Arabian Peninsula.	Arabian chameleon	Chamaeleo
parent taxon	Ingerana tasanae (common name: Tasan eastern frog, Tasan frog, Tha san frog, or Smith's wrinkled frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Smith's wrinkled frog	Ingerana
parent taxon	Botryllus is a genus of colonial ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.	Botryllus	Styelidae
parent taxon	Polydesmiola is a genus of moths that belongs to the Noctuidae family.	Polydesmiola	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Rhineceps is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian in the family Rhinesuchidae.	Rhineceps	Rhinesuchidae
parent taxon	General consensus is that Neoglaphyrites belongs in the Bisatoceratidae, although this has not always been the case.	Neoglaphyrites	Bisatoceratidae
parent taxon	The Greenwood's shrew (Crocidura greenwoodi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Greenwood's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Xenasmataceae are a family of corticioid fungi in the order Polyporales.	Xenasmataceae	Polyporales
parent taxon	Notopala is a genus of large, freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae, the river snails or mystery snails.	Notopala	Viviparidae
parent taxon	The Chatham petrel (Pterodroma axillaris) or ranguru (Maori) is a medium-sized, grey, white and black gadfly petrel.	Chatham petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	The Hispaniolan solenodon (Solenodon paradoxus), also known as the Dominican solenodon, or agouta, is a solenodon found only on Hispaniola, the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic.	Hispaniolan solenodon	Solenodon
parent taxon	The Abyssinian ground thrush (Geokichla piaggiae) is a passerine bird native to north-east Africa.	Abyssinian ground thrush	Geokichla
parent taxon	Opisthopterus is a genus of longfin herring in the family Clupeidae.	Opisthopterus	Clupeidae
parent taxon	The Korean brown frog (Rana coreana) is a species of frog in the genus Rana.	Korean brown frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Canary Islands oystercatcher, Canarian oystercatcher, or Canarian black oystercatcher (Haematopus meadewaldoi), was a shorebird endemic to Fuerteventura, Lanzarote, and their offshore islets (Islote de Lobos and the Chinijo Archipelago) in the Canary Islands, Spain.	Canary Islands oystercatcher	Haematopus
parent taxon	Hermya is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae which is in the family of insects.	Hermya	Tachinidae
parent taxon	Condicinae is a subfamily of moths in the family Noctuidae, consisting of four genera, Condica, Ogdoconta, Perigea, and Platysenta.	Condicinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Ohrid spirlin, Alburnoides ohridanus, is a fish species of Cyprinidae family.	Ohrid spirlin	Alburnoides
parent taxon	Dicterias is a monotypic genus of damselflies in the family Dicteriadidae.	Dicterias	Dicteriadidae
parent taxon	The São Tomé free-tailed bat (Chaerephon tomensis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	São Tomé free-tailed bat	Chaerephon
parent taxon	Ephebopus is a genus in the family of Theraphosidae.	Ephebopus	Theraphosidae
parent taxon	Phyteuma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae, native to Europe and Morocco.	Phyteuma	Campanulaceae
parent taxon	Trichelodes delicatula is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Trichelodes.	Trichelodes	Dermestidae
parent taxon	Riccardia is a plant genus in the liverwort family Aneuraceae.	Riccardia	Aneuraceae
parent taxon	Epaena is a genus of African moths of the Thyrididae family.	Epaena	Thyrididae
parent taxon	Crinia is a genus of frog, native to Australia, and part of the family Myobatrachidae.	Crinia	Myobatrachidae
parent taxon	The Philippine forest horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus inops) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Philippine forest horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The South Asian river dolphin (Platanista gangetica) is a freshwater or river dolphin found in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Pakistan which is split into two subspecies, the Ganges river dolphin (P. g. gangetica) and Indus river dolphin (P. g. minor).	South Asian river dolphin	Platanista
parent taxon	Cheritra is the genus of ``typical'' imperials, butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.	Cheritra	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Arytrura is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family and only genus in the subtribe Arytrurina.	Arytrura	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Pirre hummingbird (Goethalsia bella), also somewhat misleadingly known as the rufous-cheeked hummingbird, is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Pirre hummingbird	Goethalsia
parent taxon	Madecastalia albignaci is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Madecastalia.	Madecastalia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Kolombangara white-eye or hermit white-eye (Zosterops murphyi) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Kolombangara white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Gradiconus is a synonym of a subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the genus Conus, family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Gradiconus	Conus
parent taxon	Zigzag barb (Barbus miolepis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Zigzag barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Sutherlandia frutescens (cancer bush, balloon pea, or sutherlandia; syn. Colutea frutescens L., Lessertia frutescens (L.) Goldblatt & J.C.Manning) is a southern African legume which has traditionally been used as an indigenous medicine for a variety of ailments.	Sutherlandia frutescens	Lessertia
parent taxon	The Malayan tree rat (Pithecheir parvus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Malayan tree rat	Pithecheir
parent taxon	The Socorro mockingbird (Mimus graysoni) is an endangered mockingbird endemic to Socorro Island in Mexico's Revillagigedo Islands.	Socorro mockingbird	Mimus
parent taxon	A cladistic analysis (Suzuki et al., 2004; pp. 160--161) places Nipponosaurus sachalinensis very close to the well-known North American Hypacrosaurus altispinus within the Lambeosaurinae.	Nipponosaurus	Lambeosaurinae
parent taxon	Diphasiastrum is a genus of clubmosses in the plant family Lycopodiaceae.	Diphasiastrum	Lycopodiaceae
parent taxon	The Veraguan mango (Anthracothorax veraguensis) is a species of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Veraguan mango	Anthracothorax
parent taxon	Camissonia, sometimes commonly known as sun cup or sundrop, is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the evening primrose family Onagraceae.	Camissonia	Onagraceae
parent taxon	Scythropia is a genus of moths of the ermine moth family (Yponomeutidae).	Scythropia	ermine moth
parent taxon	Phyllodocida is an order of polychaete worms in the subclass Aciculata.	Phyllodocida	Aciculata
parent taxon	The Balearic shearwater (Puffinus mauretanicus) is a medium-sized shearwater in the seabird family Procellariidae.	Balearic shearwater	Puffinus
parent taxon	The African grey hornbill (Tockus nasutus) is a member of the hornbill family of tropical near-passerine birds found in the Old World.	African grey hornbill	Tockus
parent taxon	Rehderodendron is a genus of five species of flowering plants in the family Styracaceae, native to southeastern Asia, from southwestern China south to Myanmar and Vietnam.	Rehderodendron	Styracaceae
parent taxon	Paramordellistena exilis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Paramordellistena.	Paramordellistena	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Cochlespiridae is a taxonomic family of predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea.	Cochlespiridae	Conoidea
parent taxon	Lepiderema is a genus of nine species of trees known to science, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Lepiderema	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	The Brassicales are an order of flowering plants, belonging to the eurosids II group of dicotyledons under the APG II system.	Brassicales	eurosids II
parent taxon	Carpococcyx is a genus of large terrestrial cuckoos in the Cuculidae family.	Carpococcyx	Cuculidae
parent taxon	Achnatherum calamagrostis, also termed Stipa calamagrostis, is a species of grass known by the common names spear grass, needle grass, and silver spike grass.	Achnatherum calamagrostis	Stipa
parent taxon	Human coronavirus OC43 is an enveloped, positive-stranded RNA virus in the species Betacoronavirus-1 (genus Betacoronavirus, subfamily Coronavirinae, family Coronaviridae, order Nidovirales).	Human coronavirus OC43	Betacoronavirus
parent taxon	Scarlett's duck (Malacorhynchus scarletti) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which was closely related to the Australian pink-eared duck (Malacorhynchus membranaceus).	Scarlett's duck	Malacorhynchus
parent taxon	Pleurostomophora is a genus of fungi in the family Pleurostomataceae containing 3 species.	Pleurostomophora	Pleurostomataceae
parent taxon	Eoscopus is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl in the family Amphibamidae.	Eoscopus	Amphibamidae
parent taxon	Pliometanastes is an extinct genus of giant ground sloths of the family Megalonychidae endemic to North America during the Miocene epoch through very early Pliocene epoch.	Pliometanastes	Megalonychidae
parent taxon	Hemidiaptomus is a genus of freshwater copepods in the family Diaptomidae, containing the following species:	Hemidiaptomus	Diaptomidae
parent taxon	Varanidae is a family of lizards of the superfamily Varanoidea.	Varanidae	Varanoidea
parent taxon	The Tanzanian vlei rat (Otomys lacustris) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Tanzanian vlei rat	Otomys
parent taxon	The Zambezi indigobird (Vidua codringtoni), also known as the twinspot indigobird or green indigobird, is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.	Zambezi indigobird	Vidua
parent taxon	Araniella is a spider genus from the Araneidae family.	Araniella	Araneidae
parent taxon	The Waigeo rainbowfish (Melanotaenia catherinae) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Waigeo rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	The Saint Lucia warbler (Setophaga delicata) is a species of bird in the Parulidae family.	Saint Lucia warbler	Setophaga
parent taxon	Thamnochortus is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1767.	Thamnochortus	Restionaceae
parent taxon	The Asiatic toad or Chusan Island toad (Bufo gargarizans) is a species of toad endemic to East Asia.	Asiatic toad	Bufo
parent taxon	While other genera within the family Megachilidae may chew leaves or petals into fragments to build their nests, certain species within Megachile neatly cut pieces of leaves or petals, hence their common name.	Megachile	Megachilidae
parent taxon	The Senegal jack, Caranx senegallus (also known as the African jack), is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae.	Senegal jack	Caranx
parent taxon	The Round sand-eel (Bascanichthys cylindricus) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Round sand-eel	Bascanichthys
parent taxon	Protoreaster is a genus of sea stars in the family Oreasteridae from the Indo-Pacific.	Protoreaster	Oreasteridae
parent taxon	Volvatella is a genus of sea snails, bubble snails, a marine gastropod sacoglossan mollusk in the family Volvatellidae.	Volvatella	Volvatellidae
parent taxon	The Malagasy giant rat (Hypogeomys antimena), also known as the votsotsa or votsovotsa, is a nesomyid rodent found only in the Menabe region of Madagascar.	Malagasy giant rat	Hypogeomys
parent taxon	Glacicavicola bathysciodes also known as the Western Blind Cave Beetle is a species of beetle in family Leiodidae.	Glacicavicola bathysciodes	Leiodidae
parent taxon	The Somali pigeon or Somali stock dove (Columba oliviae) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Somali pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	The Príncipe sunbird (Anabathmis hartlaubii) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Príncipe sunbird	Anabathmis
parent taxon	Pteralopex is a genus of large megabats in the family Pteropodidae.	Pteralopex	Pteropodidae
parent taxon	The genus Tamarix (tamarisk, salt cedar) is composed of about 50--60 species of flowering plants in the family Tamaricaceae, native to drier areas of Eurasia and Africa.	Tamarix	Tamaricaceae
parent taxon	Dalembertia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1858.	Dalembertia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Shansisuchus (meaning ``Shansi Province crocodile'') is an extinct genus of archosauriform reptile belonging to the family Erythrosuchidae that lived during the Middle Triassic in what is now China.	Shansisuchus	Erythrosuchidae
parent taxon	Microsphaera is a genus of powdery mildew in the family Erysiphaceae.	Microsphaera	Erysiphaceae
parent taxon	Drymaeus is a genus of medium-sized air-breathing, tropical land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Bulimulidae.	Drymaeus	Bulimulidae
parent taxon	Calomela is a genus of beetles commonly called leaf beetles and in the family Chrysomelidae.	Calomela	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	The Niceforo's marsupial frog (Gastrotheca nicefori) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Niceforo's marsupial frog	Gastrotheca
parent taxon	The genus Eridacnis (Ribbontail catsharks) is a small genus of Fin-back catsharks in the family Proscylliidae.	Eridacnis	Proscylliidae
parent taxon	Acaulona is a genus of flies in the family Tachinidae, comprising three species:	Acaulona	Tachinidae
parent taxon	The Cumberland snubnose darter (Etheostoma atripinne) is a small, perciform fish found it the middle Cumberland River drainage in Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama.	Cumberland snubnose darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Polymeria is a genus in the tribe Convolvuleae in the family Convolvulaceae.	Polymeria	Convolvulaceae
parent taxon	The Hodgson's hawk-cuckoo (Hierococcyx nisicolor), also known as the northern hawk-cuckoo is a species of cuckoo found in north-eastern India, Burma, southern China, and southeast Asia.	Hodgson's hawk-cuckoo	Hierococcyx
parent taxon	Buller's pocket gopher (Pappogeomys bulleri) is a species of gopher that is endemic to Mexico.	Buller's pocket gopher	Pappogeomys
parent taxon	Gee's golden langur (Trachypithecus geei), or simply the golden langur, is an Old World monkey found in a small region of western Assam, India and in the neighboring foothills of the Black Mountains of Bhutan.	Gee's golden langur	Trachypithecus
parent taxon	Pnigomenus kuscheli is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pnigomenus.	Pnigomenus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Haloquadratum (``salt square'') is a genus of the family Halobacteriaceae.	Haloquadratum	Halobacteriaceae
parent taxon	The Chinese wren-babbler or Chinese cupwing (Pnoepyga mutica) is a species of bird in its own family, Pnoepygidae.	Chinese wren-babbler	Pnoepyga
parent taxon	The Kura loach (Oxynoemacheilus brandtii) is an Asian species of freshwater fish, occurring in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Turkey and Iran.	Kura loach	Oxynoemacheilus
parent taxon	Pterotragus lugens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pterotragus.	Pterotragus lugens	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Patiria, is a genus of starfish in the family Asterinidae from the Pacific Ocean.	Patiria	Asterinidae
parent taxon	The Jamaican laughing frog or Savanna-la-Mar tree frog, Osteopilus brunneus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Jamaica.It is found mainly inland, and lives and lays eggs in the water contained within bromeliad leaves.	Jamaican laughing frog	Osteopilus
parent taxon	The Halidae are a tiny spider family with only three described species in two genera.	Halidae	spider
parent taxon	Dinokanaga is a small genus of scorpionfly belonging to the extinct family Dinopanorpidae.	Dinokanaga	Dinopanorpidae
parent taxon	Styphlodromus bicolor is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Styphlodromus.	Styphlodromus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Hoploparia is a genus of fossil lobster belonging to the family Nephropidae.	Hoploparia	Nephropidae
parent taxon	The Medeoloideae (syn. Medeoleae) are a subfamily of monocotyledon perennial, herbaceous mainly bulbous flowering plants in the Liliaceae (Lily) family.	Medeoloideae	Liliaceae
parent taxon	Stuhlmann's starling (Poeoptera stuhlmanni) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Stuhlmann's starling	Poeoptera
parent taxon	The taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 places Omphalotrochidae in the superfamilia Euomphaloidea within the Paleozoic molluscs with anisostrophically coiled shells of uncertain position (Gastropoda?).	Omphalotrochidae	Euomphaloidea
parent taxon	The Cainarachi poison frog (Ameerega cainarachi; formerly Epipedobates cainarachi) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Peru.	Cainarachi poison frog	Ameerega
parent taxon	Furcifer antimena, also known as the Antimena chameleon, is a species of chameleon that is endemic to southwest Madagascar.	Antimena chameleon	Furcifer
parent taxon	Echinoplectanum is a genus of Monopisthocotylean Monogeneans, belonging in the family Diplectanidae.	Echinoplectanum	Diplectanidae
parent taxon	Jackson's soft-furred mouse or Jackson's praomys (Praomys jacksoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Jackson's soft-furred mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	The Petrale sole, Eopsetta jordani, is an edible flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Petrale sole	Eopsetta
parent taxon	The Colares stingray, Dasyatis colarensis, is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, native to the shallow brackish waters of the Amazon River estuary in northern Brazil.	Colares stingray	Dasyatis
parent taxon	The Georgian shemaya (Alburnus derjugini) is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Alburnus.	Georgian shemaya	Alburnus
parent taxon	Isorineloricaria spinosissima, also known as the Zucchini catfish, is a species of Loricariidae endemic to western Ecuador.	Isorineloricaria spinosissima	Loricariidae
parent taxon	Kukufeldia is within Iguanodontia a member of the Styracosterna.	Kukufeldia	Iguanodontia
parent taxon	The Chinese bamboo partridge (Bambusicola thoracicus) is a small Galliform bird.	Chinese bamboo partridge	Bambusicola
parent taxon	Antillogorgia is a genus of soft coral, sea fans in the family Gorgoniidae.	Antillogorgia	Gorgoniidae
parent taxon	The Caracas brush finch (Arremon phaeopleurus) is a species of bird in the Emberizidae family.	Caracas brush finch	Arremon
parent taxon	The Sumatran spiny rat (Maxomys hylomyoides) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sumatran spiny rat	Maxomys
parent taxon	Langat virus (LGTV) is a virus of the genus Flavivirus.	Langat virus	Flavivirus
parent taxon	The Timor stubtail (Urosphena subulata) is a species of bird in the Cettiidae family.	Timor stubtail	Urosphena
parent taxon	The Surucua trogon (Trogon surrucura) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Surucua trogon	Trogon
parent taxon	The Phycitinae are a subfamily of snout moths (family Pyralidae).	Phycitinae	Pyralidae
parent taxon	Monodilepas is a species of small sea snail, a keyhole limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Monodilepas	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	Sinotaia quadrata quadrata Sinotaia quadrata histrica (Gould, 1859) Viviparus quadratus disparis Viviparus quadratus grahami Chen, 1945	Sinotaia quadrata	Viviparus
parent taxon	The Persian sturgeon (Acipenser persicus) is a species of fish in the family Acipenseridae.	Persian sturgeon	Acipenser
parent taxon	Euplocamus is a genus of moths in the tamily Tineidae.	Euplocamus	Tineidae
parent taxon	The Midway noctuid moth (Agrotis fasciata) also known as Midway mudworm was a species of moth in the Noctuidae family.	Midway noctuid moth	Agrotis
parent taxon	Saniella is a flowering plant genus in the family Hypoxidaceae, native to South Africa and Lesotho.	Saniella	Hypoxidaceae
parent taxon	The Anambra waxbill (Estrilda poliopareia) is a species of estrildid finch found in wetter land of southern Nigeria.	Anambra waxbill	Estrilda
parent taxon	The Himantariidae are a family of centipedes in the order Geophilomorpha, found almost exclusively in the Northern Hemisphere.	Himantariidae	Geophilomorpha
parent taxon	The Magellanic woodpecker (Campephilus magellanicus) is a very large woodpecker found along the Andes of Chile and southwestern Argentina; it is resident within its range.	Magellanic woodpecker	Campephilus
parent taxon	The South American snapping turtle (Chelydra acutirostris) is a species of turtle in the family Chelydridae.	South American snapping turtle	Chelydra
parent taxon	Grylloidea is a superfamily of insects in the order Orthoptera.	Grylloidea	Orthoptera
parent taxon	Vitrinidae is a family of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Limacoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Vitrinidae	Limacoidea
parent taxon	Chthomaloporus is an extinct genus of Anteosaurian synapsid.	Chthomaloporus	synapsid
parent taxon	Diaea is a spider genus of the family Thomisidae (crab spiders).	Diaea	Thomisidae
parent taxon	The Skyros wall lizard (Podarcis gaigeae) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae.	Skyros wall lizard	Podarcis
parent taxon	Racemobambos is a genus of bamboo (tribe Bambuseae within the Poaceae) and the sole genus of its subtribe, the Racemobambodinae.	Racemobambos	Poaceae
parent taxon	Cixiinae is a planthopper subfamily in the family Cixiidae.	Cixiinae	Cixiidae
parent taxon	Bonaparte and Novas placed Abelisaurus in the newly created family Abelisauridae in 1985.	Abelisaurus	Abelisauridae
parent taxon	'Keyserlingitinae is a subfamily of the Sibiritidae, Early Triassic Ammonoidea.	Keyserlingitinae	Sibiritidae
parent taxon	Callionymus simplicicornis, the Simple-spined dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the tropical Pacific Ocean where it is known at depths of around 40 metres (130 ft).	Simple-spined dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	The genus is part of the ancient Araucariaceae family of conifers, a group once widespread during the Jurassic period, but now largely restricted to the Southern Hemisphere except for a number of extant Malesian Agathis.	Agathis	Araucariaceae
parent taxon	Hymenopodinae is a subfamily of the mantis family Hymenopodidae.	Hymenopodinae	Hymenopodidae
parent taxon	Philipomyia is a genus of 'horse fly' belonging to the family Tabanidae subfamily Tabaninae.	Philipomyia	Tabanidae
parent taxon	The Myxosporea are a class of microscopic parasites, belonging to the Myxozoa.	Myxosporea	Myxozoa
parent taxon	Eranthis (winter aconite) is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Ranunculaceae (Buttercup family), native to southern Europe and east across Asia to Japan.	Eranthis	Ranunculaceae
parent taxon	Aschisma is a genus of moss in family Pottiaceae.	Aschisma	Pottiaceae
parent taxon	The North Island snipe (Coenocorypha barrierensis), also known as the little barrier snipe or tutukiwi, is an extinct species of bird in the sandpiper family, Scolopacidae, that was endemic to New Zealand.	North Island snipe	Coenocorypha
parent taxon	Oarotrechus gracilentus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oarotrechus.	Oarotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Mayr's swiftlet (Aerodramus orientalis) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Mayr's swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Zygadenia is an extinct genus of beetles in the family Ommatidae, containing the following species:	Zygadenia	Ommatidae
parent taxon	Allioideae is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, order Asparagales.	Allioideae	Amaryllidaceae
parent taxon	The Zygopteridales is an extinct order of ferns or fern-like plants the grew primarily in the Carboniferous.	Zygopteridales	ferns
parent taxon	Loxorhynchus is a genus of crabs of the eastern Pacific Ocean in the family Epialtidae.	Loxorhynchus	Epialtidae
parent taxon	Chondrorrhina is a genus of fruit and flower chafers belonging to the family Scarabaeidae, subfamily Cetoniinae.	Chondrorrhina	Cetoniinae
parent taxon	Paraphysornis is an extinct genus of giant flightless predatory birds of the family Phorusrhacidae or ``terror birds'' within the subfamily Brontornithinae that lived in Brazil.	Paraphysornis	Brontornithinae
parent taxon	Crepidium ophrydis (syn. of Dienia ophrydis) is a member of the family Orchidaceae, endemic to the Philippines.	Crepidium ophrydis	Dienia
parent taxon	The Nihoa conehead katydid (Banza nihoa) is a species of katydid which is endemic to the Hawaiian island of Nihoa (Northwestern Hawaiian Islands).	Nihoa conehead katydid	Banza
parent taxon	Adenorandia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	Adenorandia	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Luminous hake (Steindachneria argentea) is a West Atlantic member of the Merluccidae family.	Luminous hake	Steindachneria
parent taxon	Monzonia sanmarcosana is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Monzonia.	Monzonia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Stackhousia is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the family Celastraceae that are native to Australia, New Zealand, Malesia and Micronesia.	Stackhousia	Celastraceae
parent taxon	Dodecatheon is a genus of herbaceous flowering plants in the family Primulaceae.	Dodecatheon	Primulaceae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi flying fox or Sulawesi fruit bat (Acerodon celebensis) is a species of megabat endemic to Indonesia.	Sulawesi flying fox	Acerodon
parent taxon	The Mount Lyell salamander (Hydromantes platycephalus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Mount Lyell salamander	Hydromantes
parent taxon	Nested within Eutherocephalia is a clade called Baurioidea, of which bauriids are the most derived members (baurioids that fell outside Bauriidae were traditionally all placed within a group called Scaloposauria, but the group is now thought to be a paraphyletic assemblage of basal baurioids).	Bauriidae	Baurioidea
parent taxon	Extriplex is a plant genus in the subfamily Chenopodioideae of the Amaranthaceae family.	Extriplex	Chenopodioideae
parent taxon	The Himalayan quail (Ophrysia superciliosa) or mountain quail is a medium-sized quail belonging to the pheasant family.	Himalayan quail	Ophrysia
parent taxon	The Cuban amazon (Amazona leucocephala) also known as Cuban parrot or the rose-throated parrot, is a medium-sized mainly green parrot found in woodlands and dry forests of Cuba, the Bahamas and Cayman Islands in the Caribbean.	Cuban amazon	Amazona
parent taxon	Phalangioidea is a superfamily of the harvestman suborder Eupnoi with five recognized families and more than 1,500 species.	Phalangioidea	Eupnoi
parent taxon	Otites is a genus of picture-winged fly in the family Ulidiidae.	Otites	Ulidiidae
parent taxon	Seri's sheath-tailed bat (Emballonura serii) is a species of sac-winged bat in the family Emballonuridae.	Seri's sheath-tailed bat	Emballonura
parent taxon	The Chinese hill warbler (Rhopophilus pekinensis), also known as the white-browed Chinese warbler or Chinese bush-dweller, is a species of bird in the monotypic genus Rhopophilus.	Chinese hill warbler	Rhopophilus
parent taxon	Spelaeodiscidae is a family of very small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Spelaeodiscidae	Pupilloidea
parent taxon	The Papuan seerfish (Scomberomorus multiradiatus) also called the Papuan Spanish mackerel, is a species of fish in the Scombridae family.	Papuan seerfish	Scomberomorus
parent taxon	The Jerdon's bush chat (Saxicola jerdoni) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Jerdon's bush chat	Saxicola
parent taxon	The Knysna warbler or Knysna scrub warbler (Bradypterus sylvaticus) is a very shy and cryptic warbler, endemic to the coastal regions of South Africa.	Knysna warbler	Bradypterus
parent taxon	The Sinoto's lorikeet (Vini sinotoi) is a species of parrot that became extinct 700--1300 years ago.	Sinoto's lorikeet	Vini
parent taxon	Discula is a genus of small land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Discula	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	The Moluccan cuckoo (Cacomantis heinrichi) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Moluccan cuckoo	Cacomantis
parent taxon	Brachistosternus is a scorpion genus in the Bothriuridae family.	Brachistosternus	Bothriuridae
parent taxon	Longobarditidae is a family of ceratitd ammonoids known from the early Triassic, included in the Danubitaceae.	Longobarditidae	Danubitaceae
parent taxon	Gonostemon is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1812.	Gonostemon	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Brachyphoris is a genus comprising 5 species of mitosporic fungi in the family Orbiliaceae.	Brachyphoris	Orbiliaceae
parent taxon	The Tanimbar corella (Cacatua goffiniana) also known as Goffin's cockatoo or Goffin's corella, is a species of cockatoo endemic to forests of Yamdena, Larat and Selaru, all islands in the Tanimbar Islands archipelago in Indonesia.	Tanimbar corella	Cacatua
parent taxon	Like the other members of the infra-order Epipsocetae, Epipsocidae have a labrum with two sclerotized ridges.	Epipsocidae	Epipsocetae
parent taxon	Radoceras is an extinct prehistoric nautiloid genus from the Paleozoic included in the order Discosorida	Radoceras	Discosorida
parent taxon	The Tubuai rail (Gallirallus steadmani) is an extinct species of flightless bird in the Rallidae, or rail family.	Tubuai rail	Gallirallus
parent taxon	Fraxinus nigra (black ash) is a species of ash native to much of eastern Canada and the northeastern United States, from western Newfoundland west to southeastern Manitoba, and south to Illinois and northern Virginia.	Fraxinus nigra	ash
parent taxon	Thus, Rauhut considered a sister-group relationship between Veterupristisaurus and Acrocanthosaurus within the Carcharodontosauridae.	Veterupristisaurus	Carcharodontosauridae
parent taxon	Titanocetus (``Titano whale'') is a genus of extinct cetaceans closely related to the family Cetotheriidae.	Titanocetus	Cetotheriidae
parent taxon	Fraxinus lanuginosa (Japanese Ash; Japanese: アオダモ Aodamo) is a species of ash native to Japan and to the Primorye region of eastern Russia.	Fraxinus lanuginosa	ash
parent taxon	Sympecma is a genus of damselfly in the family Lestidae.	Sympecma	Lestidae
parent taxon	Tsunyidiscus is the only genus currently attributed to the family Tsunyidiscidae.	Tsunyidiscus	Tsunyidiscidae
parent taxon	Aegisuchus is an extinct genus of giant, flat-headed crocodyliform within the family Aegyptosuchidae.	Aegisuchus	Aegyptosuchidae
parent taxon	Geoffroy's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus clivosus) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae found in Africa.	Geoffroy's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Margaritifera is a genus of freshwater mussels, aquatic bivalve molluscs in the family Margaritiferidae, the freshwater pearl mussels.	Margaritifera	Margaritiferidae
parent taxon	The Nigerian shrew (Crocidura nigeriae) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Nigerian shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Cyrtonota is a genus of leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Cyrtonota	Chrysomelidae
parent taxon	Asopinae are a subfamily of stink bugs (family Pentatomidae).	Asopinae	Pentatomidae
parent taxon	Wolffsohn's viscacha (Lagidium wolffsohni) is a rare species of rodent in the family Chinchillidae.	Wolffsohn's viscacha	Lagidium
parent taxon	Leucogyrophana is a genus of fungi in the family Hygrophoropsidaceae (suborder Coniophorineae of the order Boletales).	Leucogyrophana	Hygrophoropsidaceae
parent taxon	Crivadiatherium is an extinct genus of Arsinoitheriidae, which fossil remains - teeth and mandible fragments - has been discovered in the Crivadia site in the Hateg depression, Romania.	Crivadiatherium	Arsinoitheriidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan wood rail (Canirallus kioloides), also known as the kioloides rail, is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Madagascan wood rail	Canirallus
parent taxon	The Euphyes is genus of North American butterfly of the Hesperiidae family (skippers), subfamily Hesperiinae (grass skippers).	Euphyes	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Campomanesia is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1794.	Campomanesia	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Uinta chipmunk, or hidden forest chipmunk (Neotamias umbrinus), is a species of chipmunk, in the family Sciuridae.	Uinta chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	Clemathada is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	Clemathada	Noctuidae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Methanopyri are a class of the Euryarchaeota.	Methanopyri	Euryarchaeota
parent taxon	Chalcangium longipenne is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Chalcangium.	Chalcangium	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Pataeta carbo is a moth of the Noctuidae family and the only member of the Pataeta genus.	Pataeta	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Gangshanoceras is a fossil nautiloid cephalopod genus included in the orthocerid family Proteoceratidae.	Gangshanoceras	Proteoceratidae
parent taxon	The Mongolian finch (Bucanetes mongolicus), also known as the Mongolian trumpeter finch, is a small passerine bird in the finch family Fringillidae.	Mongolian finch	Bucanetes
parent taxon	The Azurio tuskfin or scarbreast tuskfin, Choerodon azurio, is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific, where it occurs off the coasts of eastern Asia.	Azurio tuskfin	Choerodon
parent taxon	The Jamaican monarch (Danaus cleophile) is a species of milkweed butterfly in the nymphalid Danainae subfamily.	Jamaican monarch	Danaus
parent taxon	Under the older Cronquist system the order contained these four ``core Malvales'' families plus the Elaeocarpaceae and was placed among the Dilleniidae.	Malvales	Dilleniidae
parent taxon	Rhynchocyon is a genus of elephant shrew (or sengi) in the family Macroscelididae.	Rhynchocyon	Macroscelididae
parent taxon	Omalocephala is a genus of lantern flies belonging to the family Fulgoridae.	Omalocephala	Fulgoridae
parent taxon	Cyclodomus is a genus of fungi within the order Phyllachorales.	Cyclodomus	Phyllachorales
parent taxon	Ceratogomphus, commonly known as thorntails, is a small genus of dragonfly in the family Gomphidae found in southern Africa.	Ceratogomphus	Gomphidae
parent taxon	The Chinese softshell turtle (Pelodiscus sinensis) is a species of turtle that was first described by Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann in 1835 as Trionyx (Aspidonectes ) sinensis.	Chinese softshell turtle	Pelodiscus
parent taxon	Paeromopus is now recognized as a member of the family Paeromopodidae in the order Julida, while Spirobolus proper belongs to the family Spirobolidae of the order Spirobolida.	Paeromopus	Paeromopodidae
parent taxon	The Blyth's reed warbler (Acrocephalus dumetorum) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus.	Blyth's reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	Creataloum is a genus of tiger moths in the Erebidae family.	Creataloum	Erebidae
parent taxon	Emarginula is a genus of small keyhole limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Fissurellidae.	Emarginula	Fissurellidae
parent taxon	The Ralstoniaceae are a family of Gram-negative bacteria included in the order Burkholderiales.	Ralstoniaceae	Burkholderiales
parent taxon	Phthirusa is a South American genus of parasitic shrub in the Loranthaceae family.	Phthirusa	Loranthaceae
parent taxon	Bison antiquus, sometimes called the ``ancient bison'', was the most common large herbivore of the North American continent for over 10,000 years, and is a direct ancestor of the living American bison.	Bison antiquus	bison
parent taxon	Gokushovirinae is a subfamily of viruses in the family Microviridae.	Gokushovirinae	Microviridae
parent taxon	Hyopsodus is a genus of extinct odd-toed ungulate mammal of the family Hyopsodontidae.	Hyopsodus	Hyopsodontidae
parent taxon	Nepovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Secoviridae, in the subfamily Comovirinae.	Nepovirus	Comovirinae
parent taxon	Inflatozaena inflata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Inflatozaena.	Inflatozaena	Carabidae
parent taxon	Beudanticeras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Cretaceous period belonging to the ammonoid subclass and included in the family Desmoceratidae.	Beudanticeras	Desmoceratidae
parent taxon	Myxopyreae is a tribe of flowering plants in the olive family, Oleaceae.	Myxopyreae	Oleaceae
parent taxon	Chevrolatella tripunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Chevrolatella.	Chevrolatella	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Gmelin's white-toothed shrew (Crocidura gmelini) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Gmelin's white-toothed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Acanthoclinus is a genus of roundheads of the Plesiopidae.	Acanthoclinus	Plesiopidae
parent taxon	Fumaria occidentalis, the western ramping-fumitory, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Fumaria that is endemic to Cornwall.	Fumaria occidentalis	fumitory
parent taxon	The Indian roofed turtle (Pangshura tecta), is a species of turtle in the Geoemydidae family.	Indian roofed turtle	Pangshura
parent taxon	The Persian onager (Equus hemionus onager), also called the Persian wild ass or Persian zebra, is a subspecies of onager (Asiatic wild ass) native to Iran.	Persian onager	Equus
parent taxon	The Amazonian black tyrant (Knipolegus poecilocercus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Amazonian black tyrant	Knipolegus
parent taxon	The Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon (Brookesia tuberculata) is a diminutive chameleon from far northern Madagascar.	Mount d'Ambre leaf chameleon	Brookesia
parent taxon	Mustelirallus is a genus of bird in the family Rallidae.	Mustelirallus	Rallidae
parent taxon	Caryodaphnopsis is a genus of 15 species belonging to the family Lauraceae of flowering plants.	Caryodaphnopsis	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Odonteus is a genus of beetles in the family Bolboceratidae, formerly known by the name Bolboceras.	Odonteus	Bolboceratidae
parent taxon	The Carpathian wisent (Bison bonasus hungarorum) was a subspecies of European bison that inhabited the Carpathian Mountains, Moldavia, and Transylvania.	Carpathian wisent	European bison
parent taxon	Europelta was by its describers placed in the Nodosauridae, forming a smaller clade Struthiosaurinae together with the European nodosaurids Anoplosaurus, Hungarosaurus and Struthiosaurus.	Europelta	Struthiosaurinae
parent taxon	Pedaliaceae (pedalium family or sesame family) is a flowering plant family classified in the order Scrophulariales in the Cronquist system and Lamiales in the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group system.	Pedaliaceae	Scrophulariales	Lamiales
parent taxon	The Gansu pika (Ochotona cansus) is a species of mammal in the pika family, Ochotonidae.	Gansu pika	Ochotona
parent taxon	Gasteranthus is a genus of 35 species of herbs and soft-stemmed subshrubs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae.	Gasteranthus	Gesneriaceae
parent taxon	Libralces was a genus of Eurasian deer that lived during the Pliocene period.	Libralces	deer
parent taxon	Leptolalax is a genus of frogs (order Anura) in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax	Megophryidae
parent taxon	Sinometrius turnai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Sinometrius.	Sinometrius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand smooth skate, Dipturus innominatus, is a skate of the genus Dipturus, found around New Zealand at depths of between 15 and 1,300 m. Their length is up to 2.4 m.	New Zealand smooth skate	Dipturus
parent taxon	Archicolpodes fukiensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Archicolpodes.	Archicolpodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Labichthys is a genus of eels in the snipe-eel family Nemichthyidae.	Labichthys	snipe-eel
parent taxon	Canary grass is a plant, Phalaris canariensis, belonging to the family Poaceae.	Canary grass	Phalaris
parent taxon	Hemerobius is a genus of lacewings in the family Hemerobiidae.	Hemerobius	Hemerobiidae
parent taxon	Manzanellidae is a fossil family of bivalves, in the order Solemyoida.	Manzanellidae	Solemyoida
parent taxon	The Malagasy white-eye (Zosterops maderaspatanus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Malagasy white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Tapirus californicus, sometimes called the California tapir, is an extinct species of tapir that inhabited North America during the Pleistocene era.	Tapirus californicus	tapir
parent taxon	Spelaeoecia is a genus of crustacean in the family Thaumatocyprididae.	Spelaeoecia	Thaumatocyprididae
parent taxon	Pbunalikevirus (synonym: Pb1likevirus) is a genus of viruses in the order Caudovirales, in the family Myoviridae.	Pbunalikevirus	Myoviridae
parent taxon	Deeringothamnus (known as ``false pawpaw'') is a genus of flowering plants with two species, belonging to the Annonaceae family.	Deeringothamnus	Annonaceae
parent taxon	The Giant Visayan frog (Limnonectes visayanus) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Giant Visayan frog	Limnonectes
parent taxon	Strachey's mountain vole (Alticola stracheyi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Strachey's mountain vole	Alticola
parent taxon	The Balkan pond turtle or western Caspian turtle (Mauremys rivulata) is a species of turtles in the family Geoemydidae.	Balkan pond turtle	Mauremys
parent taxon	The Australian ghostshark, Callorhinchus milii, is a cartilaginous fish (Chondrichthyes) belonging to the subclass Holocephali (chimaera).	Australian ghostshark	Callorhinchus
parent taxon	Anasillus crinitus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Anasillus.	Anasillus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Bonneville cisco (Prosopium gemmifer) is a species of cisco endemic to Bear Lake along the Utah-Idaho border, USA.	Bonneville cisco	Prosopium
parent taxon	The Bahian mouse-colored tapaculo or Boa Nova tapaculo (Scytalopus gonzagai) is a species of passerine bird native to Bahia, Brazil.	Bahian mouse-colored tapaculo	Scytalopus
parent taxon	Microtomarctus is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small terrestrial canine which inhabited most of North America during the Whitneyan stage (20.6 Mya) of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Barstovian stage (13.6 Mya) of the Middle Miocene subepoch.	Microtomarctus	Borophaginae
parent taxon	Monodontomerus is a genus of wasps in the family Torymidae.	Monodontomerus	Torymidae
parent taxon	The Yosemite toad (Anaxyrus canorus, formerly Bufo canorus) is a species of true toad in the family Bufonidae.	Yosemite toad	Anaxyrus	Bufo
parent taxon	Myrosmodes inaequalis (synonym: Aa inaequalis) is a species of orchid in the genus Aa.	Myrosmodes inaequalis	Aa
parent taxon	Anapachydiscus is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Upper Cretaceous, Coniacian - Maastrichtian of Europe, Africa, Madagascar, S.India, N Z, Calif. Mexico, Argentina, and the Antarctic belonging to the ammonoid family Pachydiscidae.	Anapachydiscus	Pachydiscidae
parent taxon	Penicillium carneum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium Penicillium roqueforti var. carneum was reclassified to Penicillium carneum Penicillium carneum was isolated from spoiled meat products, silage, rye bread, water, beer, cheese, mouldy barkers yeast and cork Penicillium carneum produces patulin, penicillic acid, penitrem A, mycophenolic acid roquefortines	Penicillium carneum	Penicillium Penicillium
parent taxon	Syringodium is a genus in the family Cymodoceaceae described as a genus in 1860.	Syringodium	Cymodoceaceae
parent taxon	Soyedina is a genus of stoneflies belonging to the family Nemouridae.	Soyedina	Nemouridae
parent taxon	Maoripamborus fairburni is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only described species in the genus, though there are some reports of an additional undescribed species.	Maoripamborus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Ischnodemus is a genus in the true bug family Blissidae,.	Ischnodemus	Blissidae
parent taxon	Stone moroko (also known as topmouth gudgeon), Pseudorasbora parva, is a fish belonging to the Cyprinid family, native to Asia, but introduced and now considered an invasive species in Europe.	Stone moroko	Pseudorasbora
parent taxon	The Rotoitidae are a very small family of rare, relictual parasitic wasps in the superfamily Chalcidoidea.	Rotoitidae	Chalcidoidea
parent taxon	Lethenteron is a genus of Lamprey in the Petromyzontidae family.	Lethenteron	Petromyzontidae
parent taxon	In 2001, David Hibbett and Manfred Binder established the membership of Limnoperdon incarnatum in the euagarics clade, a phylogenetically related group of species traditionally forming the order Agaricales.	Limnoperdon	Agaricales
parent taxon	The Bougainville naked-tailed rat (Solomys salebrosus) or Bougainville giant rat is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Bougainville naked-tailed rat	Solomys
parent taxon	The African yellow bat (Scotophilus dinganii) is a species of bat in the family Vespertilionidae, the vesper bats.	African yellow bat	Scotophilus
parent taxon	Stomatella is a genus of small to medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae, the top snails and their allies.	Stomatella	Trochidae
parent taxon	Valentinni's sharpnose puffer (Canthigaster valentini), also known as the saddled puffer or black saddled toby, is a demersal Marine fish belonging to the family Tetraodontidae.	Valentinni's sharpnose puffer	Canthigaster
parent taxon	Monard's dormouse (Graphiurus monardi) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.	Monard's dormouse	Graphiurus
parent taxon	Ellesmeroceras is the type genus for the Ellesmeroceratidae, a family of primitive nautiloid cephalopods, that is characterized by its small, generally compressed, gradually expanded, orthoconic shell, found in Lower Ordovician marine sediments.	Ellesmeroceras	Ellesmeroceratidae
parent taxon	The Great Basin collared lizard (Crotaphytus bicinctores), also known as the desert collared lizard or the Mohave black collared lizard is a species of lizard of the Western United States.	Great Basin collared lizard	Crotaphytus
parent taxon	Jackson's climbing salamander (Bolitoglossa jacksoni) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Jackson's climbing salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Coronaster is a genus of the Asteriidae family of starfish.	Coronaster	Asteriidae
parent taxon	Lang's crag lizard or Lang's girdled lizard (Pseudocordylus langi ) is a species of African lizard in the family Cordylidae.	Lang's crag lizard	Pseudocordylus
parent taxon	Lutilodix is a genus of air-breathing land snails or semislugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.	Lutilodix	Helicarionidae
parent taxon	Home's hinge-back tortoise (Kinixys homeana) is a species of turtle in the family Testudinidae.	Home's hinge-back tortoise	Kinixys
parent taxon	Shrimpfish, also called razorfish, are five small species of marine fishes in the subfamily Centriscinae of the family Centriscidae.	Shrimpfish	Centriscidae
parent taxon	The Vietnamese pond turtle or Annam leaf turtle (Mauremys annamensis) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae.	Vietnamese pond turtle	Mauremys
parent taxon	Bandtail puffer, Sphoeroides spengleri, is a species in the family Tetraodontidae, or pufferfishes.	Bandtail puffer	Sphoeroides
parent taxon	Eosomichelinoceras is an extinct genus from the actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be Asia and South America during the Ordovician from 468--449 mya, existing for approximately 19 million years.	Eosomichelinoceras	Baltoceratidae
parent taxon	Phlycticeratinae is a subfamily included in the Oppeliidae established for the genus Phlycticeras.	Phlycticeratinae	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Machadoe's girdled lizard (Cordylus machadoi) is a flattened girdled lizard from southwestern Angola and northwestern Namibia.	Machadoe's girdled lizard	Cordylus
parent taxon	The Pacific jack mackerel (Trachurus symmetricus) (also known as the Californian jack mackerel or simply jack mackerel), is an abundant species of pelagic marine fish in the jack family, Carangidae.	Pacific jack mackerel	Trachurus
parent taxon	Devincenzia pozzi is an extinct giant flightless predatory bird in the family Phorusrhacidae or ``terror birds'' that lived from 7 until 5 million years ago in Argentina and Uruguay during the late Miocene and early Pliocene.	Devincenzia	Phorusrhacidae
parent taxon	Tetraplasandra is an obsolete genus of flowering plants in the ivy family, Araliaceae.	Tetraplasandra	Araliaceae
parent taxon	Selinum is a genus of flowering plant in the family Apiaceae.	Selinum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Although morphological evidence continues to support the position of paenungulates with the ungulates, the molecular evidence suggests that Paenungulata is part of the cohort Afrotheria, an ancient assemblage of mainly African mammals of great diversity.	Paenungulata	Afrotheria
parent taxon	Aphis is a genus of insects in the family Aphididae containing about 400 species of aphids.	Aphis	Aphididae
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Volvocales, also known as Chlamydomonadales, are an order of flagellate or pseudociliate green algae, specifically of the Chlorophyceae.	Volvocales	Chlorophyceae
parent taxon	Sibuyan striped shrew rat (Chrotomys sibuyanensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sibuyan striped shrew rat	Chrotomys
parent taxon	Cystoporida is an extinct order of Stenolaemata bryozoan.	Cystoporida	Stenolaemata
parent taxon	Pristine mustached bat Pteronotus (Phyllodia) pristinus is an extinct Late Quaternary species of bat in the endemic Neotropical family Mormoopidae.	Pristine mustached bat	Phyllodia
parent taxon	Hyalea is a genus of large moths of the Crambidae family.	Hyalea	Crambidae
parent taxon	Within the monocots Pandanales are grouped in the lilioid monocots where they are in a sister group relationship with the Dioscoreales.	Pandanales	monocots
parent taxon	The Sturgeon poacher (Podothecus accipenserinus, also known as the Sturgeon-like sea-poacher in Canada) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers).	Sturgeon poacher	Podothecus
parent taxon	The Urrao antpitta or Fenwick's antpitta (Grallaria urraoensis or fenwickorum) is a highly threatened species of bird found in the understory of cloud forest in the Andean highlands of Colombia.	Urrao antpitta	Grallaria
parent taxon	Paraphaenops breuilianus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Paraphaenops.	Paraphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Anidiops is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in Australia.	Anidiops	Idiopidae
parent taxon	Based on the structure of its vertebrae, Eorasaurus is almost certainly a member of a clade of reptiles called Archosauromorpha, which includes crocodilians and birds as modern representatives.	Eorasaurus	Archosauromorpha
parent taxon	The Mongalla gazelle (Eudorcas albonotata) is a species of gazelle found in the floodplain and savanna of South Sudan.	Mongalla gazelle	Eudorcas
parent taxon	Pseudorhicnoessa is a genus of beach flies in the family Canacidae (formally Tethinidae).	Pseudorhicnoessa	Canacidae
parent taxon	The Eurasian reed warbler, or just reed warbler (Acrocephalus scirpaceus) is an Old World warbler in the genus Acrocephalus.	Eurasian reed warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	The Saint Helena plover (Charadrius sanctaehelenae), locally known as the wirebird due to its thin legs, is a small wader endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the mid-Atlantic.	Saint Helena plover	Charadrius
parent taxon	Pseudanthus is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae.	Pseudanthus	Picrodendraceae
parent taxon	Isotomiella is a genus of springtails (Collembola) in the family Isotomidae.	Isotomiella	Isotomidae
parent taxon	Eobaataridae is a family of fossil mammal within the order Multituberculata.	Eobaataridae	Multituberculata
parent taxon	Pandoraea is a genus of Gram-negative, nonspore-forming, motile bacteria with a single polar flagellum, of the family Burkholderiaceae and class Betaproteobacteria.	Pandoraea	Burkholderiaceae
parent taxon	Acronema is a genus of 25 species of plants in the Apiaceae family found in the Sino-Himalayan region.	Acronema	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Coeliadinae is a subfamily of the skipper butterfly family (Hesperiidae).	Coeliadinae	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The China rockfish (Sebastes nebulosus) is a rockfish of the Pacific coast found from Kachemak Bay in the northern Gulf of Alaska to Redondo Beach and San Nicolas Island in southern California.	China rockfish	Sebastes
parent taxon	The Cocos cuckoo (Coccyzus ferrugineus) is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Cocos cuckoo	Coccyzus
parent taxon	Megapedetes is a genus of fossil rodents related to the springhare and other species of the genus Pedetes, with which it forms the family Pedetidae.	Megapedetes	Pedetidae
parent taxon	Infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus (IHNV), is a negative-sense single-stranded, bullet-shaped RNA virus that is a member of the Rhabdoviridae family, and from the genus Novirhabdovirus.	Infectious hematopoietic necrosis virus	Novirhabdovirus
parent taxon	The Halmahera blossom bat (Syconycteris carolinae) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Halmahera blossom bat	Syconycteris
parent taxon	Pristis is a genus of sawfish of the family Pristidae.	Pristis	Pristidae
parent taxon	S. feisti is no longer considered to be a species of Saniwa, but a more primitive member of the family Varanidae.	Saniwa	Varanidae
parent taxon	The Swannanoa darter (Etheostoma swannanoa) is a species of ray-finned fish in the perch family.	Swannanoa darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Crocker's sea snake (Laticauda crockeri ) is a species of venomous snake in the subfamily Hydrophiinae.	Crocker's sea snake	Laticauda
parent taxon	Amaryllidoideae (Amaryllidaceae s.s., amaryllids) is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Amaryllidaceae, order Asparagales.	Amaryllidoideae	Amaryllidaceae
parent taxon	The New Zealand bittern (Ixobrychus novaezelandiae) is an extinct and enigmatic species of heron in the family Ardeidae.	New Zealand bittern	Ixobrychus
parent taxon	Byrrhidae, the pill beetles, is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea.	Byrrhidae	Byrrhoidea
parent taxon	The Zenker's honeyguide (Melignomon zenkeri) is a species of bird in the Indicatoridae family.	Zenker's honeyguide	Melignomon
parent taxon	Anictis is an extinct species of carnivorous cat-like mammal belonging to the superfamily Aeluroidea, endemic to Europe living from the Oligocene 33.9--28.4 Ma, existing for approximately 5.4 million years.	Anictis	Aeluroidea
parent taxon	Spotted thicklip loach (Triplophysa strauchii) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Triplophysa.	Spotted thicklip loach	Triplophysa
parent taxon	The Kuala Lumpur caecilian, Caudacaecilia nigroflava, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Malaysia.	Kuala Lumpur caecilian	Caudacaecilia
parent taxon	Laccosternus grouvellei is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Laccosternus.	Laccosternus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Porcellionidae is a terrestrial family of the order Isopoda.	Porcellionidae	Isopoda
parent taxon	Calliphara is a genus of insect in the family Scutelleridae (Hemiptera).	Calliphara	Scutelleridae
parent taxon	Berriasella is a discoidal evolute perisphinctacean ammonite, and type genus for the neocomitid subfamily Berriasellinae.	Berriasella	Berriasellinae
parent taxon	The Jabily or ``elephant tree'' (Operculicarya decaryi) is a thick stemmed succulent plant species in the family Anacardiaceae, named after the botanical collector Raymond Decary.	Jabily	Operculicarya
parent taxon	Susannah Maidment in 2008 even listed Chialingosaurus kuani among the invalid stegosaur taxa in her phylogeny of Stegosauria.	Chialingosaurus	Stegosauria
parent taxon	Dichondra is a small genus of flowering plants in the morning glory family, Convolvulaceae.	Dichondra	Convolvulaceae
parent taxon	The Luzon flameback (Chrysocolaptes haematribon) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Luzon flameback	Chrysocolaptes
parent taxon	Père David's vole (Eothenomys melanogaster) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Père David's vole	Eothenomys
parent taxon	Along with the subfamily Urocordylinae, Sauropleurinae is part of the family Urocordylidae.	Sauropleurinae	Urocordylidae
parent taxon	The Kanadi kingfish (Scomberomorus plurilineatus) is a species of ray-finned bony fish in the family Scombridae, the mackerel family.	Kanadi kingfish	Scomberomorus
parent taxon	Archaeocindis johnbeckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Archaeocindis.	Archaeocindis	Carabidae
parent taxon	Sinea is a New World genus of assassin bugs, in the subfamily Harpactorinae.	Sinea	Harpactorinae
parent taxon	It has been theorized that Puumala virus, unlike other members of the genus Hantavirus, may also have lethal effects on its rodent host.	Puumala virus	Hantavirus
parent taxon	Based on 16S rRNA sequence analysis, Pedomicrobium is a bacterium that belongs to the family Hyphomicrobiaceae, within the order of Rhizobiales under the class of alphaproteobacteria, in the phylum Proteobacteria (Garrity et al., 2001).	Pedomicrobium	Hyphomicrobiaceae
parent taxon	The Cabalian frog or Leyte slender stream frog (Hylarana albotuberculata) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Cabalian frog	Hylarana
parent taxon	The Dartford warbler (Sylvia undata) is a typical warbler from the warmer parts of western Europe and northwestern Africa.	Dartford warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	Bulbine is a genus of plants in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae and subfamily Asphodeloideae, named for the bulb-shaped tuber of many species.	Bulbine	Asphodeloideae
parent taxon	Aspidopleura is an extinct monotypic genus of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae subfamily Neanastatinae and at present, it contains the single species Aspidopleura baltica.	Aspidopleura	Eupelmidae
parent taxon	Anisomeria bistriata is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Anisomeria.	Anisomeria	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Allen's chipmunk (Neotamias senex) is a species of chipmunk.	Allen's chipmunk	Neotamias
parent taxon	The Walnut elimia, scientific name Elimia bellula, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.	Walnut elimia	Elimia
parent taxon	Deroceras is a taxonomic genus of small to medium sized air-breathing land slugs in the family Agriolimacidae.	Deroceras	Agriolimacidae
parent taxon	The Angola river frog or common river frog (Amietia angolensis) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Angola river frog	Amietia
parent taxon	Böhme's mountain gecko, Alsophylax boehmei, is a species of gekkonid lizard endemic to South Asia.	Böhme's mountain gecko	Alsophylax
parent taxon	Argent and sable moths or Rheumaptera hastata are day flying moths of the Geometridae family, with distinctive black and white colourings.	Argent and sable	Rheumaptera
parent taxon	The Bean's sawtooth eel (Serrivomer beanii, also known commonly as the longfin sawpalate, the saw-tooth snipe eel, the sawtooth eel, the shortnosed snipe eel, and the stout sawpalate) is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae (snipe eels).	Bean's sawtooth eel	Serrivomer
parent taxon	Leptosporangiate ferns are the largest group of living ferns, including some 11000 species worldwide.	Leptosporangiate fern	ferns
parent taxon	The Anatolian vole (Microtus anatolicus) is a species of vole found in Turkey, specifically Konya Province.	Anatolian vole	Microtus
parent taxon	Abacops rugipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Abacops.	Abacops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Przewalski's steppe lemming (Eolagurus przewalskii) is a species of rodents in the family Cricetidae.	Przewalski's steppe lemming	Eolagurus
parent taxon	Mormyrops is a genus of weakly electric fish in the family Mormyridae from freshwater in Africa.	Mormyrops	Mormyridae
parent taxon	Duguetia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the plant family Annonaceae with approximately 90 species in central and South America, and four species in west Africa.	Duguetia	Annonaceae
parent taxon	Phormoestes is a genus of moths in the Choreutidae family, containing only one species, Phormoestes palmettovora, which is known from Florida, United States.	Phormoestes	Choreutidae
parent taxon	The Clarke's weaver (Ploceus golandi) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Clarke's weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	Taheitia is a genus of very small land snails that have an operculum and live very near saltwater, maritime terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Truncatellidae.	Taheitia	Truncatellidae
parent taxon	The Kachin red-backed vole (Eothenomys cachinus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Kachin red-backed vole	Eothenomys
parent taxon	Carychiinae is part of the family Ellobiidae according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Carychiinae	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Coprophanaeoides is a genus of Scarabaeidae, or scarab beetles, in the superfamily, Scarabaeoidea.	Coprophanaeoides	Scarabaeidae
parent taxon	In 1982, Evans concluded that Hemiodoecus was, of known genera, the earliest evolved Australian genus of the Peloridiidae, based upon morphology and distribution.	Hemiodoecus	Peloridiidae
parent taxon	Parastenomordella is a genus of South American beetles in the family Mordellidae, containing the following species:	Parastenomordella	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Strioturbonilla is a small genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies, and the subfamily Chrysallidinae, a large taxon of minute marine gastropods with an intorted protoconch.	Strioturbonilla	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Parajulidae is a family of millipedes in the order Julida, occurring predominantly in North America but also in Central America and East Asia.	Parajulidae	Julida
parent taxon	The Spanish mole (Talpa occidentalis) is a species of mammal in the family Talpidae.	Spanish mole	Talpa
parent taxon	The Maracaibo wood turtle (Rhinoclemmys diademata or Rhinoclemmys dademata) is a species of turtles belonging to the Rhinoclemmys genus of the family Geoemydida found in Colombia and Venezuela.	Maracaibo wood turtle	Rhinoclemmys
parent taxon	The Wongai ningaui (Ningaui ridei), also known as the Inland ningaui, is a small carnivorous marsupial native to Australia.	Wongai ningaui	Ningaui
parent taxon	Amphigyra is a genus of air-breathing freshwater snail, an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Amphigyra	Planorbidae
parent taxon	The Allodapini is a tribe of bees in the subfamily Xylocopinae, family Apidae.	Allodapini	Xylocopinae
parent taxon	King crabs are generally thought to be derived from hermit crab-like ancestors, which may explain the asymmetry still found in the adult forms.	King crab	hermit crab
parent taxon	Xenerpestes is the genus of greytails, birds in the family Furnariidae.	Xenerpestes	Furnariidae
parent taxon	Paradactylodon is a genus of salamanders, known as the mountain salamanders or Middle Eastern stream salamanders, in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Iran and Afghanistan.	Paradactylodon	Hynobiidae
parent taxon	Hemerocallidoideae is the botanical name of a subfamily of flowering plants, part of the family Xanthorrhoeaceae sensu lato in the monocot order Asparagales according to the APG system of 2009.	Hemerocallidoideae	Xanthorrhoeaceae
parent taxon	The Mount Kahuzi climbing mouse (Dendromus kahuziensis) is a rodent found only in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Mount Kahuzi climbing mouse	Dendromus
parent taxon	Mixodectidae or mixodectids (from Greek μιξο, mixo, ``mixed'', and δεκτες, dektes ``biter'') is an extinct family of insectivore, placental mammals in the order Dermoptera.	Mixodectidae	Dermoptera
parent taxon	The Maryland darter (Etheostoma sellare) is considered one of the rarest freshwater fish species in the world, due in part to its incredibly limited geographic range and difficulty of detection.	Maryland darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005 simply included the Anomphalidae in ``basal taxa that are certainly Gastropoda''.	Anomphalidae	Gastropoda
parent taxon	Beecroft's flying squirrel or Beecroft's scaly-tailed squirrel (Anomalurus beecrofti) is a species of rodent in the family Anomaluridae.	Beecroft's flying squirrel	Anomalurus
parent taxon	Westcottia amorpha is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Westcottia.	Westcottia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Koa Tao Island caecilian, Ichthyophis kohtaoensis, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family found in Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Thailand, and Vietnam.	Koa Tao Island caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	The Taiwan saddled carpetshark, Cirrhoscyllium formosanum, is a carpetshark of the family Parascylliidae found around Taiwan, between latitudes 28°N and 21°N, at depths to 110 m. Its length is up to 39 cm. Reproduction is oviparous.	Taiwan saddled carpetshark	Cirrhoscyllium
parent taxon	The Indian peafowl or blue peafowl (Pavo cristatus), a large and brightly coloured bird, is a species of peafowl native to South Asia, but introduced in many other parts of the world.	Indian peafowl	Pavo
parent taxon	The Coldwater elimia, scientific name Elimia modesta, is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Coldwater elimia	Elimia
parent taxon	Thompsonella is a genus of family Crassulaceae.	Thompsonella	Crassulaceae
parent taxon	Lasaeidae is a family of very small saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the superfamily Galeommatoidea.	Lasaeidae	Galeommatoidea
parent taxon	Alphacoronaviruses are the first of the four genera, alpha-, beta-, gamma-, and delta-coronavirus in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae.	Alphacoronavirus	Coronavirinae
parent taxon	Sarcophrynium is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae indigenous to tropical Africa.	Sarcophrynium	Marantaceae
parent taxon	Pseudolarix is a monotypic genus of conifer in the family Pinaceae.	Pseudolarix	Pinaceae
parent taxon	Burnup's hunter slug (Chlamydephorus burnupi) is a species of land slug in the family Chlamydephoridae.	Burnup's hunter slug	Chlamydephorus
parent taxon	Microcosmus is a genus of tunicates in the family Pyuridae, containing the following species:	Microcosmus	Pyuridae
parent taxon	Chrysidea is a genus of cuckoo wasps belonging to the family Chrysididae.	Chrysidea	Chrysididae
parent taxon	The Bermuda flightless duck (Anas pachyscelus) is an extinct species of flightless duck which was endemic to the island of Bermuda in the North Atlantic Ocean.	Bermuda flightless duck	Anas
parent taxon	Petrophytum cinerascens (orth. var. Petrophyton cinerascens) is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names halfshrub rockmat and Chelan rockmat.	Petrophytum cinerascens	Petrophyton
parent taxon	Pleuragramma antarcticum, the Antarctic silverfish, is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean.	Antarctic silverfish	Pleuragramma
parent taxon	The Maloideae C.Weber was the apple subfamily, a grouping used by some taxonomists within the rose family, Rosaceae.	Maloideae	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Hubert's multimammate mouse, or Hubert's mastomys (Mastomys huberti) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Burkina Faso, Gambia, Mali, Mauritania, Nigeria, and Senegal, and possibly Guinea, Guinea-Bissau, and Niger.	Hubert's multimammate mouse	Mastomys
parent taxon	Margarornis is the genus of treerunners, birds in the family Furnariidae.	Margarornis	Furnariidae
parent taxon	Therasea was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Tarache.	Therasea	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Seychelles house snake (Lamprophis geometricus) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Seychelles house snake	Lamprophis
parent taxon	Cynophalla is a genus of flowering plants in the caper family, Capparaceae, of about 20 species that are shrubs, trees, or vines.	Cynophalla	Capparaceae
parent taxon	The Pemba flying fox (Pteropus voeltzkowi) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae.	Pemba flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Teuchophorus is a known genus of fly in the family Dolichopodidae.	Teuchophorus	Dolichopodidae
parent taxon	The Laboulbeniales is an order of Fungi within the class Laboulbeniomycetes.	Laboulbeniales	Laboulbeniomycetes
parent taxon	The American lobster, Homarus americanus, is a species of lobster found on the Atlantic coast of North America, chiefly from Labrador to New Jersey.	American lobster	Homarus
parent taxon	The Eucla cod, Euclichthys polynemus, is a deepwater marine fish belonging to the cod order (Gadiformes).	Eucla cod	Euclichthys
parent taxon	The Mayotte sunbird (Cinnyris coquerellii) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Mayotte sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	The African emerald cuckoo (Chrysococcyx cupreus) is a species of cuckoo.	African emerald cuckoo	Chrysococcyx
parent taxon	Vidrioceratinae is one of two subfamilies of the Vidrioceratidae Family.	Vidrioceratinae	Vidrioceratidae
parent taxon	Exocarpos is a genus of flowering shrubs and small trees in the sandalwood family, Santalaceae.	Exocarpos	Santalaceae
parent taxon	Membras is a genus of fish, Neotropical silversides, from freshwater, brackish water and marine habitats along the Atlantic coast of the Americas.	Membras	Neotropical silversides
parent taxon	Urocyclidae is a family of air-breathing land snails and semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicarionoidea, (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Urocyclidae	Helicarionoidea
parent taxon	Helena's tree frog, Hyla helenae, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guyana.	Helena's tree frog	Hyla
parent taxon	The Carpathian newt, or Montadon's newt, (Lissotriton montandoni) is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae found in Czech Republic, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, and Ukraine.	Carpathian newt	Lissotriton
parent taxon	The Arnhem Land rock rat (Zyzomys maini) also known as the Arnhem Rock-rat and by the Indigenous Australian name of Kodjperr is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Arnhem Land rock rat	Zyzomys
parent taxon	The family name derives from tupai, the Malay word for treeshrew and also for squirrel which the Tupaiidae superficially resemble.	Tupaiidae	treeshrew
parent taxon	The Mauritian wood pigeon (Columba thiriouxi) is an extinct species of the pigeon genus Columba which was endemic to Mauritius.	Mauritian wood pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	Actinostemon is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1841.	Actinostemon	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Agulhas long-billed lark (Certhilauda brevirostris) is a small passerine bird.	Agulhas long-billed lark	Certhilauda
parent taxon	The Prespa spirlin, Alburnoides prespensis, is a fish species of Cyprinidae family.	Prespa spirlin	Alburnoides
parent taxon	Rhizopogonaceae are a family of fungi in the order Boletales.	Rhizopogonaceae	Boletales
parent taxon	Burton's gerbil, Gerbillus burtoni is distributed mainly in Darfur, Sudan.	Burton's gerbil	Gerbillus
parent taxon	Ascophora is an infraorder under order Cheilostomata of the Bryozoa.	Ascophora	Cheilostomata
parent taxon	Allantospermum is a genus of trees up to 90 m tall in family Ixonanthaceae.	Allantospermum	Ixonanthaceae
parent taxon	Austroicetes is a genus in the subfamily Oedipodinae and family Acrididae.	Austroicetes	Acrididae
parent taxon	Doryichthys, river pipefish, is a genus of Asian freshwater pipefishes.	Doryichthys	pipefish
parent taxon	Hexanodes vulgata is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Hexanodes.	Hexanodes	Dermestidae
parent taxon	Knipowitschia longecaudata, the Longtail dwarf goby, is a species of goby native to the Black Sea, Sea of Azov, and the Caspian Sea where it is mostly found in areas of brackish water over sand or amongst weeds where it feeds on small invertebrates.	Longtail dwarf goby	Knipowitschia
parent taxon	Rissoina is a large genus of minute sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Rissoinidae.	Rissoina	Rissoinidae
parent taxon	Anemone parviflora (Northern anemone, Small-flowered anemone) is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Anemone and family Ranunculaceae.	Anemone parviflora	anemone
parent taxon	Yokenella is a genus of bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.	Yokenella	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	Basilewskyana villiersi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Basilewskyana.	Basilewskyana	Carabidae
parent taxon	Stypandra is a small genus of rhizomatous perennials in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae, subfamily Hemerocallidoideae.	Stypandra	Hemerocallidoideae
parent taxon	Romanogobio vladykovi, also called Danube whitefin gudgeon, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Danube whitefin gudgeon	Romanogobio
parent taxon	A phylogenetic analysis of Gronausaurus indicates that it is most closely related to Brancasaurus and that both fall within the family Leptocleididae.	Gronausaurus	Leptocleididae
parent taxon	Metopium is a genus of flowering plants in the sumac family, Anacardiaceae.	Metopium	Anacardiaceae
parent taxon	Gammacoronaviruses are one of the four genera, alpha, beta, gamma, and delta in the subfamily Coronavirinae of the family Coronaviridae.	Gammacoronavirus	Coronavirinae
participant of	Orazio Fagone (born November 13, 1968 in Catania) is an Italian sledge hockey player and former short track speed skater who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics, 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Orazio Fagone	1988 Winter Olympics	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Joanne Brown (born 7 April 1972 in Canberra) is a former softball catcher and outfielder from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Joanne Brown	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Václav Bečvář (born 5 July 1957 in Chomutov) is a Czech sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Václav Bečvář	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vera Bitanji (born 21 April 1969) is an Albanian triple jumper who represented her country in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Vera Bitanji	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Maier (born July 11, 1916) was a Dutch water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Hans Maier	1936 Summer Olympics
performer	``Let the Music Heal Your Soul'' was released as a single by the Bravo All Stars on May 18, 1998.	Let the Music Heal Your Soul	Bravo All Stars
performer	Gloomy Lights is the first full album of the Japanese metal band Gallhammer.	Gloomy Lights	Gallhammer
performer	Long Distance Swimmer is the fourth studio album released by Irish singer-songwriter Adrian Crowley.	Long Distance Swimmer	Adrian Crowley
performer	Subdigitals is an album released by MoonScoop featuring songs by the fictional musicians The Subdigitals (formerly The Subsonics) in the French animated television series Code Lyoko.	Subdigitals	Code Lyoko
performer	Born Is the King is the third Christmas worship album of Christian Contemporary music composed of Christmas music led by the Hillsong Church.	Born Is the King	Hillsong Church
place of death	Prince Birabongse Bhanudej Bhanubandh (born 15 July 1914 in Bangkok, Thailand; died 23 December 1985 in Barons Court Station, London), better known as Prince Bira of Siam (now Thailand) or by his nom de course B. Bira, was the only Thai racecar driver to race in Formula One.	Birabongse Bhanudej	London
place of death	Georg Theodor Schreiber (13 May 1848, Strehla -- 13 March 1913, Leipzig) was a German archaeologist and art historian.	Theodor Schreiber	Leipzig
place of death	Hans Mayer (March 19, 1907 in Cologne -- May 19, 2001 in Tübingen) was a German literary scholar.	Hans Mayer	Tübingen
place of death	Marshall Grant died at the age of 83 on August 7, 2011 while in Jonesboro, Arkansas attending a festival to restore the childhood home of Johnny Cash.	Marshall Grant	Jonesboro
place of death	Count Tivadar Batthyány de Németújvár (February 23, 1859 in Zalaszentgrót, Zala County -- February 2, 1931 in Budapest) son of Count Zsigmond Batthyány de Német-Ujvar, and Johanna Nepomucena Justina Maria Goberta Erdödy.	Tivadar Batthyány	Budapest
place of death	Carmen Kurtz (Barcelona, 18 September 1911 -- 5 February 1999) was a Catalan writer, who wrote under the name of her husband, Pedro Kurtz, in Spanish.	Carmen Kurtz	Barcelona
place of death	Bertha von Marenholtz-Bülow (born 5 March 1810 in Brunswick; died 9 January 1893 in Dresden) was a German educator noted for her work in spreading the kindergarten concept through Europe.	Bertha von Marenholtz-Bülow	Dresden
place of death	Charles Fuller Baker (March 22, 1872, Lansing, Michigan -- July 22, 1927, Manila) was an American entomologist, botanist, agronomist and plant collector.	Charles Fuller Baker	Manila
place of death	Hans Kundt (28 February 1869, Neustrelitz, Mecklenburg-Strelitz -- 30 August 1939, Lugano, Switzerland) was a German military officer from a family of military officers.	Hans Kundt	Lugano
place of death	Václav Hrabě (June 13, 1940, Příbram, Czechoslovakia -- March 5, 1965, Prague, Czechoslovakia) was a Czech poet and writer, and the most important member of the Beat Generation in former Czechoslovakia.	Václav Hrabě	Prague
place of death	Now very ill, Theodor Haubach was put to death on 23 January 1945 along with Helmuth James Graf von Moltke at Plötzensee Prison in Berlin.	Theodor Haubach	Plötzensee Prison
place of death	Cheetah-Mike (also known as Org), a male chimpanzee owned by Suncoast Primate Sanctuary after being donated from Noell's Chimp Farm in Palm Harbor, FL.	Cheeta	Palm Harbor
place of death	Pedro Cieza de León (Llerena, Spain c. 1520 -- Seville, Spain 1554) was a Spanish conquistador and chronicler of Peru.	Pedro Cieza de León	Seville
place of death	Elias Hasket Derby (August 16, 1739 -- September 8, 1799) was among the wealthiest and most celebrated of post-Revolutionary merchants in Salem, Massachusetts, and owner of the Grand Turk, the first New England vessel to trade directly with China.	Elias Hasket Derby	Salem
place of death	Carlo Michelstaedter was born in Gorizia, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian County of Gorizia and Gradisca, as the youngest of four children of Albert and Emma Michelstaedter Coen Luzzatto.	Carlo Michelstaedter	Gorizia
place of death	Victor Kugler (5 June 1900, Hohenelbe/Vrchlabí -- 16 December 1981, Toronto) was one of the people who helped hide Anne Frank and her family and friends during the Nazi occupation of the Netherlands.	Victor Kugler	Toronto
place of death	Paolo De Poli (Padua, August 1, 1905 - Padua, September 21, 1996) was an Italian enameller and painter.	Paolo De Poli	Padua
place of death	Samuel Swan (1771, near Scotch Plains, New Jersey -- August 24, 1844, Bound Brook, New Jersey), was a five-term U.S. Congressman and medical doctor.	Samuel Swan	Bound Brook, New Jersey
place of death	Harriet Hosmer was born on October 9, 1830 at Watertown, Massachusetts, and completed a course of study at Sedgewick School in Lenox, Massachusetts.	Harriet Hosmer	Watertown
place of death	Heinz Barwich (22 July 1911 in Berlin -- 10 April 1966 in Cologne) was a German nuclear physicist.	Heinz Barwich	Cologne
place of death	Günther Ruprecht (17 February 1898 in Göttingen - 17 March 2001 in Göttingen) was a German publisher.	Günther Ruprecht	Göttingen
place of death	Johann Friedrich von Meyer (12 September 1772 -- 28 January 1849) was a senator of Frankfurt, who published a translation of the Bible in 1819 (Die heilige Schrift in berichtigter Übersetzung mit kurzen Anmerkungen; 2nd ed. 1823; 3rd ed., 1855).	Johann Friedrich von Meyer	Frankfurt
place of death	Mark Lasky (1954 -- July 31, 1983 in New York City) was an American cartoonist known for having succeeded Ernie Bushmiller on Nancy.	Mark Lasky	New York City
place of death	Martim Francisco Ribeiro de Andrada (21 February 1928 in Barbacena (MG) -- 22 June 1982 in Belo Horizonte (MG)) was a Brazilian association football coach.	Martim Francisco	Belo Horizonte
place of death	Otto Perutz (27 July 1847, Teplice, Bohemia - 18 January 1922, Munich Germany) was an Austrian-German chemist.	Otto Perutz	Munich
place of death	Albert Edmunds Cahlan, aka A.E. Cahlan or Al Cahlan (April 8, 1899-- June 1968) was an American Newspaper publisher,and prominent Civic leader during the-mid 20th century in the forming of Las Vegas.	Albert Edmunds Cahlan	Las Vegas
place of death	Paul Zatkovich died in Brooklyn, New York on October 8, 1916 and was buried in Pottsville, Pennsylvania.	Paul Zatkovich	Brooklyn
place of death	Mario Bezzi (1868, Milan -- 1927, Turin) was an Italian professor of zoology at the University of Turin.	Mario Bezzi	Turin
place of death	Bernard Pumfrey (May 1873 -- 18 July 1930) was an English professional footballer who made 132 appearances in the Football League playing for Small Heath and Gainsborough Trinity.	Bernard Pumfrey	Gainsborough
place of death	Vittorio Pozzo (Italian pronunciation: (vitˈtɔːrjo ˈpottso); 2 March 1886 in Turin, Italy -- 21 December 1968 in Ponderano (Biella)) was an Italian football coach and journalist.	Vittorio Pozzo	Ponderano
place of death	Pedro Velarde y Santillán (October 25, 1779 -- May 2, 1808) was a Spanish artillery captain famous for his heroic death in the Dos de Mayo uprisings against the French occupation of Madrid.	Pedro Velarde y Santillán	Madrid
place of death	Richard Kiepert studied geography and history in Berlin and Heidelberg.	Richard Kiepert	Berlin
place of death	Maria Rosa Coccia was born in Rome and studied with Sante Pesci.	Maria Rosa Coccia	Rome
place of death	Sławomir Maciej Bittner (codename: Maciek, Kajman Wojak; born 21 July 1923, Warsaw - died 28 February 1944, Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish scoutmaster (podharcmistrz) and second lieutenant of the Armia Krajowa.	Sławomir Maciej Bittner	Warsaw
place of death	Louis Wolfson succumbed to Alzheimer's disease and colon cancer on December 30, 2007, in Bal Harbour, Florida.	Louis Wolfson	Bal Harbour, Florida
place of death	Christoph Haberland (Latvian: Kristofs Hāberlands) was a Baltic German architect, chief architect of Riga and is considered one of the brightest masters of classicism architecture in Latvian history.	Christoph Haberland	Riga
place of death	Annibale Caccavello (1515--1595) was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance, active in his native city of Naples.	Annibale Caccavello	Naples
place of death	Antonio Allegretti (1840 --1918) was an Italian sculptor He was born in Cuneo in the Piedmont, and died in Carrara.	Antonio Allegretti	Carrara
place of death	Bruno Bartoletti (Sesto Fiorentino, 10 June 1926 -- Florence, 9 June 2013) was an Italian operatic conductor.	Bruno Bartoletti	Florence
place of death	Philibert Mees (13 May 1929, in Mechelen -- 29 June 2006, in Mechelen) was a Flemish composer and pianist.	Philibert Mees	Mechelen
place of death	Louis Joxe died, aged, 89, in Paris.	Louis Joxe	Paris
place of death	Michael Shurtleff (born July 3, 1920, Oak Park, Illinois -- died January 28, 2007, Los Angeles, California) was a major force in casting on Broadway during the 1960s and 1970s.	Michael Shurtleff	Los Angeles
place of death	He made his final film in 1959, when he played a habitual criminal in Anatomy of a Murder Jimmy Conlin died in Encino, California on May 7, 1962 at the age of 77.	Jimmy Conlin	Encino
place of death	Frieda Inescort (29 June 1901 in Edinburgh, Scotland -- 26 February 1976 in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California) was a Scottish-born actress best known for creating the role of Sorel Bliss in Noël Coward's play Hay Fever.	Frieda Inescort	Los Angeles
place of death	Michał Sokolnicki (1760, Wierzeja - 1816, Warsaw) was a Polish nobleman (of Nowina coat of arms), general, military engineer, politician, and writer.	Michał Sokolnicki	Warsaw
place of death	Beata Sabina Straas (or Strass) (year of birth unknown, died 1773), known also as Madame Åberg following her marriage, was the first professional native actress in Sweden and a member of the first pioneer troupe in the first Swedish national theatre of 1737.	Beata Sabina Straas	Sweden
place of death	Jean-François Oeben, or Johann Franz Oeben (9 October 1721 Heinsberg near Aachen -- Paris 21 January 1763) was a French ébéniste (cabinetmaker) whose career was spent in Paris.	Jean-François Oeben	Paris
place of death	Joseph Perl (also Josef Perl; November 10, 1773, Ternopil -- October 1, 1839, Ternopil), was an Ashkenazi Jewish educator and writer, a scion of the Haskalah or Jewish Enlightenment.	Joseph Perl	Ternopil
place of death	Jean-Yves Bigras (May 19, 1919 in Ottawa, Ontario -- August 17, 1966 in Montreal, Quebec) was a Canadian film director and film editor, considered a pioneer in Quebec cinema.	Jean-Yves Bigras	Montreal
place of death	Newton Estape Vila (Santa Clara, 2 May 1913 - Havana, 22 November 1980) was a prominent Cuban photographer and journalist.	Newton Estape Vila	Havana
place of death	Karl Friedrich Canstatt (July 11, 1807, Regensburg--March 10, 1850, Erlangen) was a German physician and medical author.	Karl Friedrich Canstatt	Erlangen
place of death	Manuel Ray Rivero (1924 -- November 12, 2013) was a Cuban born engineer, politician and revolutionary, who was later involved in civic and professional actitivities in Puerto Rico.	Manuel Ray Rivero	Puerto Rico
place of death	Carl Joachim Andersen (April 29, 1847 -- May 7, 1909) was a Danish flutist, conductor and composer born in Copenhagen, son of the flutist Christian Joachim Andersen.	Joachim Andersen	Copenhagen
place of death	Francisco Pérez de Valenzuela (14 November 1528 in Andújar, Spain -- 27 December 1599 in Valdivia, Chile), was a Nobleman of the Kingdom of Spain.	Francisco Pérez de Valenzuela	Valdivia
place of death	Cardinal Andrea della Valle (29 November 1463, Rome -- 3 August 1534) was an Italian clergyman and art collector.	Andrea della Valle	Rome
place of death	Vic Legley (18 June 1915 in Hazebrouck -- 28 November 1994 in Ostend) was a Belgian violist and composer of classical music, of French birth.	Vic Legley	Ostend
place of death	Hans Thirring (March 23, 1888 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary - March 22, 1976 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian theoretical physicist, professor, and father of the physicist Walter Thirring.	Hans Thirring	Vienna
place of death	Heinz Ludwig Arnold (29 March 1940 in Essen -- 1 November 2011 in Göttingen) was a German literary journalist and publisher.	Heinz Ludwig Arnold	Göttingen
place of death	Alexandre Moret (French: (mɔʁɛ); 19 September 1868, Aix-les-Bains -- 2 February 1938, Paris) was a French Egyptologist.	Alexandre Moret	Paris
place of death	Jiří Baum (20 September 1900 -- 1944, Warsaw) was a Czech zoologist, museum curator, explorer and writer.	Jiří Baum	Warsaw
place of death	Adolph Nehrkorn (29 December 1841, in Riddagshausen, today part of Braunschweig - 8 April 1916, in Braunschweig) was a German ornithologist and collector of bird eggs.	Adolph Nehrkorn	Braunschweig
place of death	Heinrich Brunn (January 23, 1822, Wörlitz -- July 23, 1894, Josephstal near Schliersee, Upper Bavaria) was a German archaeologist.	Heinrich Brunn	Schliersee
place of death	Sebastian Hofmeister (1476, Schaffhausen, Switzerland -- June 26, 1533, Zofingen), known in writing as Oeconomus or Oikonomos, was a Swiss monk and religious Reformer who was prominent in early debates of the Reformation.	Sebastian Hofmeister	Zofingen
place of death	Giovanni Ghizzolo (Brescia ca. 1580--Novara ca. 1625) was a composer of motets and madrigals.	Giovanni Ghizzolo	Novara
place of death	Henry S. Tyler (September 20, 1851 - January 14, 1896) was Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1891 to 1896.	Henry S. Tyler	Louisville
place of death	Peter Duryea was the head of a non-profit society called Guiding Hands Recreation Society which hosted a peaceful getaway called the Tipi Camp, located in the West Kootenay area of British Columbia, Canada.	Peter Duryea	British Columbia
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Cotelier or Cotelerius (born December, 1629, Nîmes; died 19 August 1686, Paris) was a Patristic scholar and Catholic theologian.	Jean-Baptiste Cotelier	Paris
place of death	Josef Bachmeier survived the war and died on the 4 February 1971 in Sarstedt near Hanover.	Josef Bachmeier	Sarstedt
place of death	Wladimiro Panizza (Fagnano Olona, 5 June 1945 -- Cassano Magnago, 21 May 2002) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer.	Wladimiro Panizza	Cassano Magnago
place of death	Emil Reisch (28 September 1863, Vienna -- 13 December 1933, Vienna) was an Austrian classical philologist and archaeologist.	Emil Reisch	Vienna
place of death	Among a number of other schools named for Stevens, the Thaddeus Stevens Elementary School in Washington, D.C. was founded in 1868 as the first school built for African-American children there.	Thaddeus Stevens	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Giovanni Battista Natali was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active in his natal city of Piacenza, but also Savona, Lucca, and Naples, and finally Genoa in 1736.	Giovanni Battista Natali	Piacenza
place of death	Leandro Bisiach (1864 -- 1 December 1945) was an Italian violin maker, who was born in Casale Monferrato and died in 1945 at Venegono Superiore near Varese.	Leandro Bisiach	Venegono Superiore
place of death	Nikiforos Lytras (Greek: Νικηφόρος Λύτρας; 1832, Pyrgos, Tinos -- June 13, 1904, Athens) was a nineteenth-century Greek painter.	Nikiforos Lytras	Athens
place of death	Hugo Gräf (born Rehestädt 10 October 1892: died Gotha 23 October 1958) was a German Communist politician.	Hugo Gräf	Gotha
place of death	Robert Bodanzky, also known as Danton (born 18 March 1879 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary as Isidor Bodanskie, died 2 November 1923 in Berlin, Germany), was an Austrian journalist, playwright, poet and artist.	Robert Bodanzky	Berlin
place of death	Johann V of Nassau-Vianden-Dietz (Breda, 9 November 1455 -- Dillenburg, 30 July 1516) was count of Nassau (in Siegen, Dillenburg, Hadamar and Herborn), Vianden and Diez, and Lord of Breda.	Johann V of Nassau-Vianden-Dietz	Dillenburg
place of death	Born in Beijing in January 1655, Nalan Xingde came from a powerful Manchu family that not only belonged to the Plain Yellow Banner of the Eight Banners, but was also related to royalty.	Nalan Xingde	Beijing
place of death	Hermann Potschka was wounded during the Battle of Berlin and died in hospital on the 1 May 1945.	Hermann Potschka	Berlin
place of death	Camilo García de Polavieja y del Castillo-Negrete, Marques de Polavieja (1838--1914) was a Spanish general born in Madrid on July 13, 1838, in a family of merchants.	Camilo García de Polavieja	Madrid
place of death	Paine Wingate (May 14, 1739 -- March 7, 1838) was an American preacher, farmer, and statesman from Stratham, New Hampshire.	Paine Wingate	Stratham
place of death	Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla died in 1566 in Arcos de la Llana, near Burgos.	Francisco Mendoza de Bobadilla	Arcos de la Llana
place of death	Gilbert Dean (August 14, 1819 Pleasant Valley, Dutchess County, New York -- October 12, 1870 Poughkeepsie, New York, Dutchess Co., NY) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Gilbert Dean	Poughkeepsie
place of death	Evaristo Carriego (Paraná, May 7, 1883 -- Buenos Aires, October 13, 1912), was an Argentine poet, best known for the biography written about him by Jorge Luis Borges.	Evaristo Carriego	Buenos Aires
place of death	Rinaldo Cuneo (July 2, 1877 -- December 27, 1939), dubbed the Painter of San Francisco, was an American artist known for his landscape paintings and murals.	Rinaldo Cuneo	San Francisco
place of death	Claude François Chauveau-Lagarde (Chartres 1756 -- Paris 1841) came into the public spotlight in the early stages of the French Revolution.	Claude François Chauveau-Lagarde	Paris
place of death	Simone di Filippo Benvenuti, known as Simone dei Crocifissi or Simone da Bologna, (Bologna, about 1330 - Bologna, 1399), was an Italian painter.	Simone dei Crocifissi	Bologna
place of death	Some historians believe that the Jianwen Emperor had indeed survived and escaped from Nanjing, but the official histories of the Ming dynasty were modified later during the Qing dynasty to please the Manchu rulers.	Jianwen Emperor	Nanjing
place of death	Piero Sraffa (/ˈsræfə/; 5 August 1898 -- 3 September 1983) was an influential Italian economist, who served as lecturer of economics at the University of Cambridge.	Piero Sraffa	Cambridge
place of death	Pentti Aalto (July 22, 1917 -- November 30, 1998) was a Finnish linguist who was the University of Helsinki Docent of Comparative Linguistics 1958--1980.	Pentti Aalto	Helsinki
place of death	Marco Cornaro (c. 1286 -- 13 January 1368), also known as Marco Corner, was the 59th doge of Venice, ruling between 1365 and 1368.	Marco Cornaro	Venice
place of death	Carlotta Patti died of cancer in Paris on 27 June 1889.	Carlotta Patti	Paris
place of death	Otto Stoll (December 29, 1849 in Frauenfeld -- August 18, 1922 in Zürich) was a Swiss linguist and ethnologist.	Otto Stoll	Zürich
place of death	Helen Van Pelt Wilson died in Wilton, Connecticut, on September 30, 2003.	Helen Van Pelt Wilson	Wilton
place of death	Ivan Triesault (born as Johann Constantin Treisalt; 13 July (O.S. 1 July) 1898 in Reval (now Tallinn) -- January 3, 1980 in Los Angeles) was an Estonian-born American actor.	Ivan Triesault	Los Angeles
place of death	Alfredo D'Ambrosio (Naples, 13 June 1871 -- Nice, 29 December 1914 (or Paris, 31 December 1914)) was an Italian composer and violinist.	Alfredo D'Ambrosio	Nice
place of death	Carlo Karges (31 July 1951 in Hamburg -- 30 January 2002 in Hamburg) was a German musician who became a guitarist and songwriter for the rock band, Nena.	Carlo Karges	Hamburg
place of death	Daniel Webster Marsh (August 15, 1838 -- June 27, 1916) was a businessman and mayor of Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Daniel Webster Marsh	Calgary
place of death	Adrien Marquet (6 October 1885 -- 3 February 1955) was a socialist mayor of Bordeaux who turned to the far right.	Adrien Marquet	Bordeaux
place of death	Iskandar Khatloni (Persian: اسکندر ختلانی‎; October 1954 -- September 22, 2000) was a journalist from Tajikistan who worked for Radio Free Europe and was murdered in Moscow, Russia while covering the Second Chechen War.	Iskandar Khatloni	Moscow
place of death	Marius Canard (Dracy-Saint-Loup, 26 December 1888 -- Paris, September 1982) was a French Orientalist and historian.	Marius Canard	Paris
place of death	Hannah Ocuish (March 1774-December 1786) was executed at the age of twelve years and nine months, being hanged on 20 December 1786, in New London, Connecticut.	Hannah Ocuish	New London
place of death	Colard Mansion was a central figure in the early printing industry in Bruges.	Colard Mansion	Bruges
place of death	Bernhard Christoph Breitkopf (2 March 1695 in Clausthal, now Clausthal-Zellerfeld -- 26 March 1777 in Leipzig) was a German printer and publisher, and founder of the publisher that became Breitkopf & Härtel.	Bernhard Christoph Breitkopf	Leipzig
place of death	Pietro Mocenigo (1406--1476) was doge of Venice from 1474 to 1476.	Pietro Mocenigo	Venice
place of death	Born in Dublin in 1917, Kevin Boland was the son of Gerald Boland, a founder-member of Fianna Fáil, and the nephew of Harry Boland.	Kevin Boland	Dublin
place of death	Titia Brongersma (Dokkum, Friesland, 1650 -- Groningen, 1700) was a Frisian poet of the late 17th century.	Titia Brongersma	Groningen
place of death	Donald Douglas Lamond, Jr. (August 18, 1920, Oklahoma City - December 23, 2003, Orlando, Florida), better known as Don Lamond, was an American jazz drummer.	Don Lamond	Orlando
place of death	Georg Faber (5 April 1877, Kaiserslautern, Germany -- 7 March 1966, Munich, Germany) was a German mathematician who introduced Faber polynomials, Faber series, Lévy C curve, and Faber--	Georg Faber	Munich
place of death	Ferdinand Avenarius (20 December 1856 in Berlin -- 22 September 1923 in Kampen) was a lyric poet, a leading representative of the culture reform movement of his time and the first popularizer of Sylt.	Ferdinand Avenarius	Kampen
place of death	Raphael Sealey (14 August 1927, Middlesbrough, England -- 29 November 2013, Berkeley, California) was a classical scholar and ancient historian.	Raphael Sealey	Berkeley, California
place of death	Alexandre Arsène Girault (/ʒiːˈroʊ/ zhee-ROW; 9 January 1884, Annapolis -- 2 May 1941, Brisbane) was an American entomologist specialising in the study of chalcid wasps.	Alexandre Arsène Girault	Brisbane
place of death	Nikolay Milyutin was born in Moscow on June 6, 1818, the scion of an influential, but impoverished, aristocratic Russian family.	Nikolay Milyutin	Moscow
place of death	Vilém Kurz (1872, Německý Brod (Havlíčkův Brod), Bohemia -- 1945) was a Czech pianist and piano teacher, a professor at the State Conservatory in Lwów and Vienna, and Prague Conservatory.	Vilém Kurz	Prague
place of death	Abu al-Wafa Ali Ibn Aqil ibn Ahmad al-Baghdadi (1040--1119) was an Islamic theologian from Baghdad, Iraq.	Ibn Aqil	Baghdad
place of death	Michael Maestlin (also Mästlin, Möstlin, or Moestlin) (30 September 1550, Göppingen -- 20 October 1631, Tübingen) was a German astronomer and mathematician, known for being the mentor of Johannes Kepler.	Michael Maestlin	Tübingen
place of death	Johannes Hermanus Koekkoek, (Veere, 17 August 1778 -- Amsterdam, 9 January 1851) was a Dutch painter and draughtsman.	Johannes Hermanus Koekkoek	Amsterdam
place of death	The Wanli Emperor died in 1620 and was buried in the Dingling Mausoleum among the Ming tombs on the outskirts of Beijing.	Wanli Emperor	Beijing
place of death	After a brief illness Primo Riccitelli died on the 27th of March, 1941 in Giulianova where he is now buried.	Primo Riccitelli	Giulianova
place of death	Zsigmond Vincze (Hungarian: Vincze Zsigmond) (1 July 1874 in Zombor -- 30 June 1935 in Budapest) was a Hungarian pianist, conductor and composer who wrote several very successful operettas.	Zsigmond Vincze	Budapest
place of death	Doreen Norton, OBE, FRCN (1 May 1922, Dartford, Kent -- 30 December 2007, Worthing, West Sussex) was an English nurse, in the 1950s she used research to show that the best treatment and prevention of bedsores was removing the pressure by turning the patient.	Doreen Norton	Worthing
place of death	Siaosi Tupou II, King of Tonga (George Tupou II in English) (17 July 1874 -- 17 July 1918) was the King of Tonga from 18 February 1893 until his death.	George Tupou II	Tonga
place of death	Ira Levin was born in Manhattan, New York City, on 27 August 1929, and grew up in Manhattan and the Bronx.	Ira Levin	New York City
place of death	Llorenç Villalonga i Pons (Palma de Mallorca, March 1, 1897 -- January 27, 1980) was a Spanish writer and psychiatrist.	Llorenç Villalonga i Pons	Palma
place of death	Antonio Abbondi generally known as Scarpagnino (died 1549) was an Italian architect of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Venice.	Antonio Abbondi	Venice
place of death	Elov Persson died in his native Gävleborg County's Torsåker Parish, one day before his 76th birthday.	Elov Persson	Torsåker
place of death	King Kolax (November 6, 1912, Kansas City, Missouri -- December 18, 1991, Chicago, Illinois) was a United States jazz trumpeter.	King Kolax	Chicago
place of death	Zacharie Astruc (20 February 1833, Angers -- 24 May 1907, Paris) was a French sculptor, painter, poet, and art critic.	Zacharie Astruc	Paris
place of death	Aleksander Arulaid (24 May 1924, Tallinn -- 8 July 1995, Tallinn) was an Estonian chess player, who three times won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Aleksander Arulaid	Tallinn
place of death	Hendrik Enno Boeke (12 September 1881, Wormerveer -- 6 December 1918, Frankfurt am Main) was a Dutch mineralogist and petrographer.	Hendrik Enno Boeke	Frankfurt
place of death	Kurt Schlosser (18 October 1900 -- 16 August 1944 in Dresden) was German cabinet-maker, climber, and an active Communist.	Kurt Schlosser	Dresden
place of death	Juozas Maniušis (15 December 1910 in Mogilev Governorate -- 17 March 1987 in Vilnius) was a communist politician in the Lithuanian SSR specializing in areas of industry, construction, and engineering.	Juozas Maniušis	Vilnius
place of death	Robert Erickson (March 7, 1917 in Marquette, Michigan -- April 24, 1997 in San Diego, California) was an American composer.	Robert Erickson	San Diego
place of death	Jack Sangster died in Belgravia, London, from cancer on 26 March 1977.	Jack Sangster	Belgravia
place of death	Princess Romanework Haile Selassie, sometimes spelt as Romane Work Haile Selassie (died in Turin on 14 October 1940), was the eldest child of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia by his first wife, Woizero Altayech.	Princess Romanework	Turin
place of death	Wiesław Adam Berger (6 June 1926 in Ostrava-Přívoz -- 15 January 1998 in Ostrava) was a Polish writer connected with the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia.	Wiesław Adam Berger	Ostrava
place of death	Vladimir Firm (5 June 1923, Zagreb -- 27 November 1996, Zagreb) was a Croatian football player.	Vladimir Firm	Zagreb
place of death	Bernart de Panassac (Occitan pronunciation: (berˈnard de panaˈsak)) (fl. 1323--1333) was the minor lord (donzel et seigneur) of Arrouède and one of the last troubadours.	Bernart de Panassac	Arrouède
place of death	Ah Lum (before 1909--1925) was a gold miner and store owner in Arrowtown, New Zealand.	Ah Lum	Arrowtown
place of death	Nicolas-Auguste Hesse (28 August 1795, Paris - 14 June 1869, Paris) was a French painter and artist.	Nicolas-Auguste Hesse	Paris
place of death	Martin Jacoby (12 April 1842, Altona -- 24 December 1907), London was an entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera, especially Chrysomelidae (formerly known as Phytophaga).	Martin Jacoby	London
place of death	John James Hattstaedt (pronounced HATT-stedt; b. 29 Dec. 1851 Monroe, Michigan; d. 30 Nov 1931 Chicago) founded the American Conservatory of Music in 1886.	John James Hattstaedt	Chicago
place of death	Christoph Daniel Ebeling (20 November 1741 near Hildesheim, Hanover -- 30 June 1817 in Hamburg) was a scholar of Germany who studied the geography and history of North America.	Christoph Daniel Ebeling	Hamburg
place of death	Sir William Forbes of Callendar (1756--1823) was a prosperous coppersmith and landowner who lived in Callendar House in Falkirk, Scotland.	William Forbes of Callendar	Falkirk
place of death	Niels Hemmingsen (Nicolaus Hemmingius) (1513 in Taagerup -- 1600 in Roskilde) was a Danish Lutheran theologian.	Niels Hemmingsen	Roskilde
place of death	Jean Giraud was born in Nogent-sur-Marne, Val-de-Marne, in the suburbs of Paris, on 8 May 1938.	Jean Giraud	Paris
place of death	Juan Rogelio García García, better known as Juan Orol (August 4, 1897 in Lalín, Pontevedra, Spain -- May 26, 1988 in Mexico City, Mexico) was a Mexican-Spanish actor, producer, screenwriter and film director.	Juan Orol	Mexico City
place of death	Pedro Adolfo de Castro was a twentieth-century architect from San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Pedro Adolfo de Castro	San Juan
place of death	Jerrold Robertshaw (28 March 1866 in Allerton, West Riding of Yorkshire -- died 14 February 1941 in London) was a British stage and film actor of the silent era.	Jerrold Robertshaw	London
place of death	Joseph Inguimberty (18 January 1896 in Marseille -- 8 October 1971 in Menton) was a French painter, and teacher at the École des Beaux-Arts de l'Indochine (EBAI) in Hanoi 1926--1945.	Joseph Inguimberty	Marseille
place of death	Francisco Javier Muñiz was born in San Isidro, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina on 21 December 1795.	Francisco Javier Muñiz	Buenos Aires
place of death	Philip Locke (29 March 1928, London -- 19 April 2004, Dedham, Essex) was an English actor.	Philip Locke	Dedham
place of death	Enrique Ballesté (Mexico City, October 10, 1946 -- September 19, 2015) was a Mexican actor, playwright, composer and theatrical producer.	Enrique Ballesté	Mexico City
place of death	Major Lewis Ginter (April 24, 1824 -- October 1, 1897) was a prominent businessman, military officer, real estate developer, and philanthropist centered in Richmond, Virginia.	Lewis Ginter	Richmond
place of death	Ettore Tolomei (16 August 1865 in Rovereto -- 25 May 1952 in Rome) was an Italian nationalist and fascist.	Ettore Tolomei	Rome
place of death	Danica Seleskovitch died in Cahors (France) on April 17, 2001, in her 80th year.	Danica Seleskovitch	Cahors
place of death	Charles-Georges Le Roy or Leroy (22 January 1723, Paris -- 11 November 1789, Paris) was a French man of letters during the Age of Enlightenment and the author of one of the first books on animal behavior.	Charles-Georges Le Roy	Paris
place of death	William J. Diehl (January 22, 1845 -- September 22, 1929), served as Mayor of Pittsburgh from 1899 to 1901.	William J. Diehl	Pittsburgh
place of death	Hermann von Mallinckrodt attended the gymnasium at Aachen and studied law at Berlin and Bonn.	Hermann von Mallinckrodt	Berlin
place of death	Gyula Czimra (Budapest,1901- Budapest,1966) was a Hungarian painter, with works in the collection of Hungarian National Gallery, the Tornyai Museum of Hódmezővásárhely, the Rákospalota Museum and the Kiscell Museum.	Gyula Czimra	Budapest
place of death	Peter Faneuil (June 20, 1700 -- March 3, 1743) was a wealthy American colonial merchant, slave trader, and philanthropist who donated Faneuil Hall to Boston.	Peter Faneuil	Boston
place of death	Donald B. Steinaker (1922--1942) was a United States Marine Corps private first class who received a posthumous Navy Cross for his actions in the Guadalcanal campaign during World War II. Donald Baur Steinaker was born at Syracuse, New York, on 15 September 1922.	Donald B. Steinaker	Guadalcanal
place of death	Gustav Nikolaus Tiedemann (February 17, 1808 Landshut, Bavaria - August 11, 1849 Rastatt) was a German soldier who joined the revolutionaries during the Revolutions of 1848 in Germany, eventually becoming the commander of the last holdout of the revolution, the fortress at Rastatt.	Gustav Nikolaus Tiedemann	Rastatt
place of death	Keith Alfred Hindwood (1904-1971) was a Sydney-based Australian businessman and amateur ornithologist.	Keith Alfred Hindwood	Sydney
place of death	Alvise I Mocenigo (26 October 1507 -- 4 June 1577) was doge of Venice from 1570 to 1577.	Alvise I Mocenigo	Venice
place of death	Gerasimos Pitsamanos or Pitzamanos (Greek: Γεράσιμος Πιτσαμάνος/Πιτζαμάνος; 6 March 1787, Argostoli - 5 December 1825, Corfu) was a Greek architect and portrait painter.	Gerasimos Pitsamanos	Corfu
place of death	Earl Baldwin (January 11, 1901 in Newark, New Jersey -- October 9, 1970 in Hollywood, California, age 69) was an American screenwriter.	Earl Baldwin	Hollywood
place of death	Frederick IV, Landgrave of Thuringia, nicknamed Frederick the Peaceful or Frederick the Simple, the peaceful one, and the Fool (before 30 November 1384 -- 7 May 1440 at Runneburg Castle in Weißensee) was a member of the House of Wettin and was Margrave of Meissen and Landgrave of Thuringia.	Frederick IV, Landgrave of Thuringia	Weißensee
place of death	Max Pallenberg (born December 18, 1877, as Max Pollack in Vienna - June 26, 1934, in Karlovy Vary) was an Austrian singer, actor and comedian.	Max Pallenberg	Karlovy Vary
place of death	Piermassimiliano Dotto, also known as Piero Dotto (Treviso, 28 February 1970 - Volpago del Montello, 25 October 2012), was an Italian rugby union player.	Piermassimiliano Dotto	Volpago del Montello
place of death	Cao Pi (187 -- 29 June 226), courtesy name Zihuan, was the first emperor of the state of Cao Wei in the Three Kingdoms period.	Cao Pi	Cao Wei
place of death	John H. Eastman (September 23, 1861 -- November 14, 1938) was a businessman who served from 1910--1914 as the mayor of Shreveport, the third largest city in Louisiana and the largest in the northwestern section of the state.	John H. Eastman	Shreveport
place of death	Rudolf Bredow (born 2 November 1909 in Berlin, died 17 November 1973 in Bremen), German post-expressionist painter, draughtsman and art teacher.	Rudolf Bredow	Bremen
place of death	Enric Sagnier i Villavecchia (Catalan pronunciation: (ənˈrik səŋniˈe); Barcelona, 1858--1931) was a Catalan architect.	Enric Sagnier	Barcelona
place of death	Frederik van Valckenborch (1566, Antwerp --1623, Nuremberg) was a Flemish painter and draughtsman known for his imaginary landscapes with figures executed in a late Mannerist style.	Frederik van Valckenborch	Nuremberg
place of death	Gisella Grosz, originally Gizella Grosz (26 November 1875, Szilágysomlyó, Austria-Hungary -- 1942, Riga Ghetto, Latvia) was a Hungarian classical pianist.	Gisella Grosz	Riga
place of death	Charles Henri Ford (February 10, 1908 -- September 27, 2002) was an American poet, novelist, filmmaker, photographer, and collage artist best known for his editorship of the Surrealist magazine View (1940--1947) in New York City, and as the partner of the artist Pavel Tchelitchew.	Charles Henri Ford	New York City
place of death	Samuel Crompton was born at 10 Firwood Fold, Bolton, Lancashire to George and Betty Crompton (née Elizabeth Holt of Turton).	Samuel Crompton	Bolton
place of death	Since 1920, Sose Mayrig lived in Constantinople, then in Alexandria (Egypt), where she died in 1953.	Sose Mayrig	Alexandria
place of death	In 1980 Fritz Eisel moved north, relocating to Langen Brütz near Schwerin.	Fritz Eisel	Langen Brütz
place of death	Bartolomeo Montagna (1450--1523) was an Italian painter and architect who worked in Vicenza and Venice.	Bartolomeo Montagna	Vicenza
place of death	Sebastián de Vivanco (Ávila, ca. 1551 -- Salamanca, October 26, 1622) was a Spanish priest and composer of the Renaissance.	Sebastián de Vivanco	Salamanca
place of death	Wojciech Jastrzębowski (born on 19 April 1799 in Szczepkowo-Giewarty, Janowiec Kościelny parish, near Mława; died on 30 December 1882 in Warsaw) was a Polish scientist, naturalist and inventor, professor of botanic, physics, zoology and horticulture at Instytut Rolniczo-Leśny in Marymont in Warsaw.	Wojciech Jastrzębowski	Warsaw
place of death	Renato Bodini (October 1, 1909 in Cremona -- August 23, 1974 in Rome) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Renato Bodini	Rome
place of death	Andreas Gottlob Rudelbach was a Dano-German neo-Lutheran theologian; born at Copenhagen September 29, 1792; died at Slagelse (50 m. s.w. of Copenhagen), Zealand, March 3, 1862.	Andreas Gottlob Rudelbach	Slagelse
place of death	Michele Pane (Adami of Decollatura, March 11, 1876 -- Chicago, April 18, 1953) was an Italian American symbolist poet and journalist who wrote in northern Calabrese.	Michele Pane	Chicago
place of death	Alessandro Maggiolini (July 15, 1931 -- November 11, 2008) was the Roman Catholic Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Como, Italy.	Alessandro Maggiolini	Como
place of death	Franz Josef Popp (January 14, 1886 in Vienna -- July 29, 1954 in Stuttgart) was one of three men responsible for the founding of BMW AG and the First General Director of BMW AG from 1922 to 1942.	Franz Josef Popp	Stuttgart
place of death	Pedro Pérez Delgado (1881, Ospino, Estado Portuguesa, Venezuela - 7 November 1924, Puerto Cabello, Venezuela), better known as Maisanta, was a nineteenth-century Venezuelan revolutionary and politician.	Pedro Pérez Delgado	Puerto Cabello
place of death	Cándido López (29 August 1840, Buenos Aires - 31 December 1902, Baradero) was an Argentinian photographer, soldier and painter, who worked in the Naïve style.	Cándido López	Buenos Aires
place of death	Ray Linn (born October 20, 1920 in Chicago, Illinois - died November 1996 in Columbus, Ohio) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Ray Linn	Columbus
place of death	Theophil Großgebauer (24 November 1627, Ilmenau -- 8 July 1661, Rostock) was a German Lutheran theologian active at the University of Rostock, most notable for his work Wächterstimme aus dem verwüsteten Zion.	Theophil Großgebauer	Rostock
place of death	Ernst Erwin Oehme (18 September 1831, in Dresden -- 10 October 1907, Blasewitz) was a German painter.	Ernst Erwin Oehme	Blasewitz
place of death	Juan de Grijalva (born around 1489 in Cuéllar, Crown of Castille - 21 January 1527 in Nicaragua) was a Spanish conquistador, and relation of Diego Velázquez.	Juan de Grijalva	Nicaragua
place of death	Wealthy industrialist George Benjamin Thorneycroft (20 August 1791 -- 28 April 1851) was a successful ironmaster and Tory supporter who became the first Mayor of Wolverhampton, after the Borough was incorporated, in 1848.	George Benjamin Thorneycroft	Wolverhampton
place of death	Carlo Alberto Conelli, count de Prosperi, best known as Caberto Conelli (Born in Belgirate, Piedmont 28 August 1889 -- 25 August 1974) was a sometime Italian racecar driver.	Caberto Conelli	Belgirate
place of death	Jean Colombe (b. Bourges ca. 1430; d. ca. 1493) was a French miniature painter and illuminator of manuscripts.	Jean Colombe	Bourges
place of death	Tommaso Martini (Bivongi, Calabria, 1688 -- 5 January 1755) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period.	Tommaso Martini	Bivongi
place of death	Rocco Valenti (born in 1895, date of death unknown) was a New York City gangster and prominent member of the Camorra in New York during the early 1910s.	Rocco Valenti	New York City
place of death	Lotte Laserstein (November 28, 1898 in Preussisch Holland, German Empire -- January 21, 1993 in Kalmar, Sweden) was a German-Swedish painter and portraitist.	Lotte Laserstein	Kalmar
place of death	Bijan Jazani (Persian: بیژن جزنی‎‎; 1938, Tehran -- April 19, 1975) is a major figure among modern Iranian Socialist intellectuals.	Bijan Jazani	Tehran
place of death	Lillian Kemble-Cooper (March 21, 1892 in London, England -- May 4, 1977 in Los Angeles, USA) was a British actress.	Lillian Kemble-Cooper	Los Angeles
place of death	Antonio Quarracino (8 August 1923 -- 28 February 1998) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church of Argentina and the Archbishop of Buenos Aires between 1990 and 1998.	Antonio Quarracino	Buenos Aires
place of death	Charles Nègre (French: (nɛɡʁ); 9 May 1820 -- 16 January 1880) was a pioneering photographer, born in Grasse, France.	Charles Nègre	Grasse
place of death	Joseph Sokolsky (Bulgarian: Йосиф Соколски, Gabrovo, 1786 -- died on Kiev, now Ukraine September 30, 1879) was the first Bulgarian clergyman to convert to Catholicism and a pioneer of the Bulgarian Uniat Church.	Joseph Sokolsky	Kiev
place of death	Born in Rödeby, a southern Sweden locality in Blekinge County's Karlskrona Municipality, Georg Årlin died in Lövestad at the age of 75.	Georg Årlin	Lövestad
place of death	Jean-Louis-Félix Potin was born in 1820 in Arpajon, in what is today the Île-de-France region surrounding Paris.	Félix Potin	Paris
place of death	Diego von Bergen died on October 7, 1944, in Wiesbaden, Germany; his death was announced ten days later in L'Osservatore Romano, in an obituary which called him ``highly esteemed and unanimously liked''.	Diego von Bergen	Wiesbaden
place of death	Countess Anna Fridrica Wilhelmina von Hallwyl, née Kempe (1 October 1844 − 25 July 1930) was a Swedish collector and donor whose accumulation of art and other objects constitute the current Hallwyl Museum in Stockholm.	Wilhelmina von Hallwyl	Stockholm
place of death	Giovanni Pietro Perti or Peretti (1648 in Muggio, Switzerland -- 1714 in Vilnius, Lithuania) was an Italian Baroque sculptor and architect, regarded as one of the leading European sculptors on the verge of the 18th century.	Pietro Perti	Vilnius
place of death	Louis Joseph Troost (17 October 1825, Paris -- September 30, 1911) was a French chemist.	Louis Joseph Troost	Paris
place of death	Johann Eduard Karsen (10 March 1860, Amsterdam - 31 October 1941, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Post-impressionist painter, known for his moody scenes featuring villages and farmhouses; usually containing a solitary figure.	Eduard Karsen	Amsterdam
place of death	Julius Ebbinghaus (9 November 1885, Berlin -- 16 June 1981, Marburg an der Lahn) was a German philosopher, one of the closest followers of Immanuel Kant active in the twentieth century.	Julius Ebbinghaus	Marburg
place of death	Ladislav František Čelakovský (December 3, 1863 -- December 31, 1916) was a Czech mycologist and botanist born in Prague.	Ladislav František Čelakovský	Prague
place of death	Konstantin Bogaevsky was born in the Eastern Crimean city of Feodosiya (currently Ukraine) to an old Italian-German family of the Genoese extraction on 24 January (O.S. 12 January) 1872.	Konstantin Bogaevsky	Feodosiya
place of death	Berthold Englisch (9 July 1851, Osoblaha -- 19 October 1897, Vienna) was a leading Austrian chess master.	Berthold Englisch	Vienna
place of death	Luigi Ruffo-Scilla JUD (25 August 1750 -- 17 November 1832) was a Cardinal of the Holy Roman Church who served as Apostolic Nuncio to Austria and Archbishop of Naples.	Luigi Ruffo-Scilla	Naples
place of death	Joseph Paneth (6 October 1857 -- 4 January 1890) was an Austrian physiologist born in Vienna.	Joseph Paneth	Vienna
place of death	Ali Suat Hayri Ürgüplü (13 August 1903, Damascus, Ottoman Empire -- 26 December 1981, Istanbul, Turkey) was a Turkish political figure.	Suat Hayri Ürgüplü	Istanbul
place of death	Rev. Dr. Hermann Gundert (Stuttgart, 4 February 1814 -- 25 April 1893 in Calw, Germany) was a German missionary, scholar, and linguist, as well as the grandfather of German novelist and Nobel laureate Hermann Hesse.	Hermann Gundert	Calw
place of death	Hostilian remained in Rome due to his inexperience, and empress Herennia was named regent.	Hostilian	Rome
place of death	Rudolph Friedrich Wasmann (8 August 1805, Hamburg - 10 May 1886, Merano) was a German-born painter in the Biedermeier style.	Friedrich Wasmann	Merano
place of death	Alessandro Serpieri (31 October 1823, San Giovanni in Marignano, near Rimini, -- 22 February 1885, Fiesole) was an Italian scientist known for work in astronomy and seismology.	Alessandro Serpieri	Fiesole
place of death	Tivadar Zemplényi (1864, Eperjes -- 1917, Budapest) was a Hungarian painter, noted for his realism.	Tivadar Zemplényi	Budapest
place of death	Edna Maison (17 August 1892 San Francisco - 11 January 1946 Hollywood, California) was an American silent film actress.	Edna Maison	Hollywood
place of death	Asahel Bush (1824--1913) was an American newspaper publisher and businessman in Salem, Oregon.	Asahel Bush	Salem
place of death	Miriam Lichtheim (3 May 1914, Istanbul -- 27 March 2004, Jerusalem) was an Israeli translator of ancient Egyptian texts whose translations are still widely used.	Miriam Lichtheim	Jerusalem
place of death	Robert Kienböck (11 January 1871 -- 8 September 1953) was an Austrian radiologist who was a native of Vienna.	Robert Kienböck	Vienna
place of death	Milo Dor (born 7 March 1923 as Milutin Doroslovac in Budapest; died 5 December 2005 in Vienna) was a writer and translator.	Milo Dor	Vienna
place of death	Jakob Jonas Björnståhl (born January 23, 1731, in Rotarbo, died July 11, 1779, in Thessaloniki), Swedish orientalist and Greek philologist from the Lund University.	Jakob Jonas Björnståhl	Thessaloniki
place of death	Léonard Gaultier, or, as he sometimes signs himself, Galter, a French engraver, was born at Mainz about 1561, and died in Paris in 1641.	Léonard Gaultier	Paris
place of death	William Jackson Bean (26 May 1863 in Yorkshire -- 19 April 1947 in Kew, Surrey) was a British botanist and plantsman, who was curator of Kew Gardens from 1922 to 1929.	William Jackson Bean	Surrey
place of death	Adolf Lindenbaum (June 12, 1904 in Warsaw, Kingdom of Poland, Russian Empire (now Poland) -- 1941 in Paneriai), was a Polish logician and mathematician.	Adolf Lindenbaum	Paneriai
place of death	Karl Gerok (January 30, 1815 Vaihingen - January 14, 1890 Stuttgart) was a German preacher and religious poet.	Karl Gerok	Stuttgart
place of death	Johannes Abromeit (17 February 1857 Paschleitschen, East Prussia--19 January 1946 Jena, Germany) was a German botanist and teacher.	Johannes Abromeit	Jena
place of death	Ernst Hechler died on 23 October 1965 aged 57 in Alzey, Federal Republic of Germany.	Ernst Hechler	Alzey
place of death	Norman O. Houston was a prominent Los Angeles-based businessman and president of Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company, which at one time was the largest black-owned business west of the Mississippi.	Norman O. Houston	Los Angeles
place of death	Petras Kubiliūnas (May 16, 1894 in Totoriškiai (now Švedukalnis), near Skapiškis -- August 22, 1946 in Moscow) was a Lithuanian Lieutenant General and Chief of Lithuanian General staff in 1929--1934.	Petras Kubiliūnas	Moscow
place of death	André-Joseph Lafitte-Clavé, also André-Joseph de Lafitte (1740, Clavé (a mansion of Moncrabeau)--1794, Perpignan) was a French Army engineering officer.	André-Joseph Lafitte-Clavé	Perpignan
place of death	Enrique Olivera (9 February 1940 -- 4 November 2014) was an Argentine politician who served as Chief of Government of the City of Buenos Aires from December 1999 to August 2000.	Enrique Olivera	Buenos Aires
place of death	Bertram Wyatt-Brown (born Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on March 19, 1932; died in Baltimore, Maryland, on November 5, 2012) was a noted historian of the South in the United States.	Bertram Wyatt-Brown	Baltimore
place of death	Joan Lamote de Grignon was born and died in Barcelona, the son of parents of French descent Lluis Lamote de Grignon and Elena Bocquet.	Joan Lamote de Grignon	Barcelona
place of death	Robert de Beaumont, Count of Meulan (c. 1142 -- 1204, Poitiers, France), was the son of Waleran IV de Beaumont and Agnes de Montfort.	Robert de Beaumont, Count of Meulan	Poitiers
place of death	In 1962, Monguito moved to New York City, and began singing with Orquesta Broadway.	Monguito	New York City
place of death	Johannes Stöffler was born on 10 December 1452, in Justingen near Blaubeuren on the Swabian Alb.	Johannes Stöffler	Blaubeuren
place of death	Karl Bolle was born in Berlin on 20 June 1893, to a family owning a well-known dairy.	Karl Bolle	Berlin
place of death	Rudolfine Steindling (September 10, 1934 -- October 27, 2012 in Tel Aviv) was an Austrian manager and political activist with close ties to Communist organizations.	Rudolfine Steindling	Tel Aviv
place of death	Johann Friedrich Judeich (27 January 1828, Dresden -- 28 March 1894, Tharandt) was a German forester.	Johann Friedrich Judeich	Tharandt
place of death	Irán Eory died in Mexico City on March 10, 2002 of embolism.	Irán Eory	Mexico City
place of death	Rinaldo Botti (Florence, 1658 -- Florence, March 31, 1740) was an Italian painter active in the Baroque period.	Rinaldo Botti	Florence
place of death	Vladimír List (June 4, 1877 in Prague - May 27, 1971 in Brno) was a Czech electrical engineer, scientist and university teacher active in area of technical standardization.	Vladimír List	Brno
place of death	Joseph Friedrich Hummel (born 14 August 1841, Innsbruck -- 29 August 1919, Salzburg) was an Austrian choral conductor, composer and music teacher.	Joseph Friedrich Hummel	Salzburg
place of death	Émile Munier was born in Paris on 2 June 1840 and lived with his family at 66 rue des Fossés, St. Marcel.	Émile Munier	Paris
place of death	Nellie Mae Rowe (July 4, 1900 -- October 18, 1982) was an African-American self-taught artist from Fayette, Georgia.	Nellie Mae Rowe	Georgia
place of death	Hugo Mac Dougall, born Hugo Mascías (9 December 1901 -- 15 May 1976 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine writer, screenwriter, and journalist.	Hugo Mac Dougall	Buenos Aires
place of death	Rudolf Beckmann (20 February 1910 in Osnabrück -- 14 October 1943 in Sobibor) was a German SS-Oberscharführer in the Sobibór extermination camp.	Rudolf Beckmann	Sobibór extermination camp
place of death	Diedrich Uhlhorn (* 3 June 1764 in Bockhorn; 1837 in Grevenbroich) was a German engineer.	Diedrich Uhlhorn	Grevenbroich
place of death	Placidus Braun, OSB (11 February 1756, Peiting near Schongau, Upper Bavaria -- 23 October 1829, in Augsburg, Germany) was a Bavarian Benedictine priest, historian and archivist.	Placidus Braun	Augsburg
place of death	Beatrice Gray died of natural causes in Los Angeles, California, on November 25, 2009, at the age of 98.	Beatrice Gray	Los Angeles
place of death	Aleksandar Nikolić died on 12 March 2000, in Belgrade, He is buried in the Alley of the Greats, in Belgrade, Novo Groblje (``New Cemetery'').	Aleksandar Nikolić	Belgrade
place of death	Red McKenzie (William McKenzie) (October 14, 1899, St. Louis, Missouri - February 7, 1948, New York City) was an American jazz musician.	Red McKenzie	New York City
place of death	Francis van Bossuit (1635, Brussels -- 1692, Amsterdam), was a Flemish sculptor, working mostly in terracotta, wood, and ivory.	Francis van Bossuit	Amsterdam
place of death	Adolf Grabowsky (August 31, 1880, Berlin - August 23, 1969, Arlesheim, Switzerland) was a German political scientist and author of several books about geopolitics and political theory, including ``Democracy and Dictatorship'' (1949).	Adolf Grabowsky	Arlesheim
place of death	Eneas Perdomo died at the Military Hospital located in the city of Caracas, after a long illness.	Eneas Perdomo	Caracas
place of death	Professor Nadav Safran (Arabic: نداف صفران‎ , Hebrew: נדב ספרן‎, August 25, 1925, Cairo -- July 5, 2003, State College, PA) was an expert in Arab and Middle East politics and a director of Harvard's Center for Middle Eastern Studies.	Nadav Safran	State College
place of death	Born in Belo Horizonte, capital of the state of Minas Gerais, Roberto Batata started his professional career playing for América-MG, leaving the club to join Cruzeiro in 1969.	Roberto Batata	Belo Horizonte
place of death	Velibor Jonić (Serbian Cyrillic: Велибор Јонић; 12 February 1892 -- 17 July 1946) was a Serbian fascist politician and government minister in the Territory of the Military Commander in Serbia during World War II. He taught at the Military Academy in Belgrade and at the Yugoslav royal court before the war.	Velibor Jonić	Belgrade
place of death	Mary Toft (née Denyer; c. 1701--1763), also spelled Tofts, was an English woman from Godalming, Surrey, who in 1726 became the subject of considerable controversy when she tricked doctors into believing that she had given birth to rabbits.	Mary Toft	Godalming
place of death	Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski (30 December 1888 in Kraków -- 22 August 1974 in Kraków) was a Polish politician and economist, Deputy Prime Minister of Poland, government minister and manager of the Second Polish Republic.	Eugeniusz Kwiatkowski	Kraków
place of death	Boris Goldstein (Busya Goldshtein) (25 of December 1922, Odessa - 8 of November 1987, Hanover, Germany) was a Soviet violinist whose career was greatly hindered by the political situation in the USSR.	Boris Goldstein	Hanover
place of death	Joaquín Albareda y Ramoneda was born in Barcelona to Vicente Albareda and his wife María Ramoneda.	Joaquín Albareda y Ramoneda	Barcelona
place of death	Hüseyin Avni Zaimler (1877, Bitola -- March 10, 1930, Adana), known as Huseyin Avni Bey or Huseyin Avni Pasha, was an officer of the Ottoman Army and a general of the Turkish Army.	Hüseyin Avni Zaimler	Adana
place of death	Jules Brévié died at the age of 84 on 28 July 1964 in the village of Pierrefitte near Talizat, Cantal.	Jules Brévié	Talizat
place of death	An institute in Wrocław, Poland called the Włodzimierz Trzebiatowski Institute of Low Temperature and Structure Research is named after him.	Włodzimierz Trzebiatowski	Wrocław
place of death	Gregg G. Tallas (Greek: Γκρέκ Τάλλας, born Γρηγόρης Θαλασσινός, Grigoris Thalassinos; January 25, 1909, Athens -- February 1, 1993, Athens) was a film director from Greece.	Gregg G. Tallas	Athens
place of death	Paul Barrière was born on 8 June 1920 in Espéraza and died on 29 May 2008 in Biarritz, aged 88.	Paul Barrière	Biarritz
place of death	Jacques Barbeu-Dubourg (12 February 1709, Mayenne -- 14 December 1779, Paris) was a French physician, botanist, writer, translator and publisher known for translating Benjamin Franklin's work into French and for inventing a gentlemen's umbrella fitted with a lightning conductor.	Jacques Barbeu-Dubourg	Paris
place of death	Olivier Gendebien died in 1998 at his home in Les Baux-de-Provence in southern France.	Olivier Gendebien	Les Baux-de-Provence
place of death	Julius Leopold Pagel (29 May 1851, Pollnow -- 30 January 1912, Berlin) was a German physician and historian of medicine.	Julius Leopold Pagel	Berlin
place of death	Count August Zamoyski (June 28, 1893 in Jabłoń, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland -- May 19, 1970 in Saint-Clar-de-Rivière, France) was a Polish sculptor, member of groups Bunt and Formiści.	August Zamoyski	Saint-Clar-de-Rivière
place of death	Valentin Weigel (or Weichel; 7 August 1533, in Hayn -- 10 June 1588, in Zschopau) was a German theologian, philosopher and mystical writer, from Saxony, and an important precursor of later theosophy.	Valentin Weigel	Zschopau
place of death	Volkert Simon Maarten van der Willigen (Rockanje, 9 May 1822 -- Haarlem, 19 February 1878), sometimes referred to as Volcardus Simon Martinus van der Willigen, was a Dutch mathematician, physicist and professor.	Volkert Simon Maarten van der Willigen	Haarlem
place of death	Charles-Frédéric Soehnée (Born 3. November 1789 in Landau in der Pfalz as Carl-Friederich Söhne; died 1. May 1878 in Le Pré-Saint-Gervais in Paris) was a French painter.	Charles-Frédéric Soehnée	Le Pré-Saint-Gervais
place of death	Géraud de Cordemoy (6 October 1626, Paris -- 15 October 1684, Paris) was a French philosopher, historian and lawyer.	Géraud de Cordemoy	Paris
place of death	Alekos Sakellarios (Greek: Αλέκος Σακελλάριος, 7 November 1913 in Athens -- 28 August 1991 in Athens) was a Greek writer and a director.	Alekos Sakellarios	Athens
place of death	John Frowen (11 October 1931 -- 28 August 2011) was a professional footballer who played for Cardiff City, Bristol Rovers and Newport County.	John Frowen	Newport
place of death	Hans H. Indorf (died March 10, 1989 in Fairfax, Virginia) was an academic professor and international advisor in political science.	Hans H. Indorf	Fairfax
place of death	Stanislovas Kęsgaila was the Elder of Samogitia (1486--1522), Grand Hetman of Lithuania (1501--1502), castellan of Trakai (1499--1522) and Vilnius (1522--1526).	Stanislovas Kęsgaila	Vilnius
place of death	Despite being only being thirty years old when he retired, Zhang Honggen would eventually move to management with Beijing Youth Team in 1970.	Zhang Honggen	Beijing
place of death	Alejandro Rodríguez de Valcárcel y Nebreda, 1st Count of Rodríguez de Valcárcel (25 December 1917 in Burgos -- 22 November 1976 in Madrid) was a Francoist Spanish politician, who served in important positions under Francisco Franco.	Alejandro Rodríguez de Valcárcel	Madrid
place of death	Max Švabinský (1873--1962) was a Czech painter, draughtsman, graphic artist, and professor in Academy of Graphic Arts in Prague.	Max Švabinský	Prague
place of death	Virgil von Graben (15th century -- 1507) was an Austrian noble and knight, who was stadtholder of Lienz and East Tyrol and Regent (captain) and stadtholder of Görz.	Virgil von Graben	Lienz
place of death	Sir Harold Spencer Jones KBE FRS (29 March 1890 Kensington, London -- 3 November 1960) was an English astronomer.	Harold Spencer Jones	London
place of death	Marcellus Hartley Dodge Jr. (July 29, 1908 -- August 29, 1930) was the heir to the Remington-Rockefeller fortune who died in a car accident in France.	Marcellus Hartley Dodge Jr.	France
place of death	Marcel Samuel-Rousseau (18 August 1882 Paris -- 11 June 1955 Paris) was a French composer, organist, and opera director.	Marcel Samuel-Rousseau	Paris
place of death	Pierre-Georges Castex (20 June 1915 at Toulouse -- 9 December 1995 at Paris) was a French academic, literary critic and author.	Pierre-Georges Castex	Paris
place of death	James Nutcombe Gould (known as Nutcombe Gould) (24 February 1849 in Stoke-in-Teignhead, Devon -- 10 October 1899 in Paddington) was an English stage actor.	James Nutcombe Gould	Paddington
place of death	Jacob Bjerknes lectured at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during the 1933-1934 school year and emigrated to the United States in 1940 where he headed a government-sponsored meteorology annex for weather forecasting, at the department of physics of the University of California, Los Angeles.	Jacob Bjerknes	Los Angeles
place of death	Don Manuel Carrillo Tablas was a philanthropist and served as mayor of Orizaba, Veracruz, Mexico.	Manuel Carrillo Tablas	Orizaba
place of death	Edwin Hatch (September 4, 1835 Derby, England -- November 10, 1889 Oxford, England) was an English theologian.	Edwin Hatch	Oxford
place of death	Joseph A. McDonough (20 October 1896 - 11 May 1944) was an assistant director in Hollywood, perhaps most noted for working often with James Whale, even after Whale left Universal Studios.	Joseph A. McDonough	Hollywood
place of death	Somdetch Brhat-Anya Fa Ladhuraniya Sri Sadhana Kanayudha Maharaja Brhat Rajadharana Sri Chudhana Negara better known as Fa Ngum (Laotian: ຝ້າງູ່ມ (fȁːŋum); 1316 -- 1393, born in Muang Sua, died in Nan) established the Lao kingdom of Lan Xang in 1354.	Fa Ngum	Nan
place of death	Ekrem Bora, né Ekrem Şerif Uçak (7 March 1934 Ankara -- 1 April 2012 Istanbul) was a Turkish film actor.	Ekrem Bora	Istanbul
place of death	Ulysses Kay (January 7, 1917, Tucson, Arizona -- May 20, 1995, Englewood, New Jersey) was an African-American composer.	Ulysses Kay	Englewood
place of death	Kazimierz Rudzki (born January 6, 1911 in Warsaw - died February 2, 1976 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish stage and film actor, theatre director.	Kazimierz Rudzki	Warsaw
place of death	Leonardo Conti, MD (24 August 1900 in Lugano -- 6 October 1945 in Nuremberg) was the Reich Health Leader (German: Reichsgesundheitsführer) in Nazi Germany.	Leonardo Conti	Nuremberg
place of death	Gratien Le Père (Versailles, 2 June 1769 - Poitiers, 1 August 1826) was a French civil engineer.	Gratien Le Père	Poitiers
place of death	Ilya Livykou or Ilia Livykou (Greek: Ίλυα Λιβυκού; 1919 in Heraklio -- September 6, 2002 in Athens, Greece) was a Greek actress, a partner with Vassilis Logothetidis.	Ilya Livykou	Athens
place of death	Emanuel Chvála (January 1, 1851, Prague -- October 28, 1924, Prague) was a Czech composer and music critic.	Emanuel Chvála	Prague
place of death	Karl-Gustav Kaisla (4 October 1943 in Helsinki -- 21 September 2012 in Helsinki) was a Finnish ice hockey referee.	Karl-Gustav Kaisla	Helsinki
place of death	Fran Gerbič (5 October 1840, Cerknica -- 29 March 1917, Ljubljana) was a Slovenian composer and operatic tenor.	Fran Gerbič	Ljubljana
place of death	Derek Waring died from cancer at Petworth Cottage Hospital in West Sussex in 2007, aged 79.	Derek Waring	Petworth
place of death	Sylvia Fine Kaye died of emphysema at the age of 78 in her Manhattan apartment in 1991.	Sylvia Fine	Manhattan
place of death	Piero Camporesi (Forlì, 15 February 1926 -- Bologna, 1997) was an Italian historian of literature and an anthropologist.	Piero Camporesi	Bologna
place of death	His family's summer home at Talcottville, New York, known as Edmund Wilson House, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.	Edmund Wilson	Talcottville, New York
place of death	Francesc Xavier Bultó Marquès (Barcelona, 17 May 1912 -- Barcelona, 3 August 1998), popularly known as Paco Bultó, was a Catalan businessman, founder of Montesa Honda (along with Peter Permanyer) and Bultaco.	Francesc Xavier Bultó	Barcelona
place of death	Auguste Gougeard (15 November 1827 -- 10 March 1886, Paris) was a French counsellor, naval officer and politician.	Auguste Gougeard	Paris
place of death	Ludwig Thoma (21 January 1867, Oberammergau -- 26 August 1921, Tegernsee) was a German author, publisher and editor, who gained popularity through his partially exaggerated description of everyday Bavarian life.	Ludwig Thoma	Tegernsee
place of death	Paul Dungler (Thann, Haut-Rhin, 1902 - Colmar, 1974) was a French industrialist, royalist militant and Resistance worker.	Paul Dungler	Colmar
place of death	Willard Hall (December 24, 1780 - May 10, 1875), was an American lawyer and politician from Wilmington, in New Castle County, Delaware.	Willard Hall	Wilmington
place of death	Dienekes or Dieneces (Greek: Διηνέκης) was a Spartan soldier who fought and was killed at the Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BC. He was acclaimed the bravest of all the Greeks who fought in that battle.	Dienekes	Thermopylae
place of death	Heinrich Brandt (8 November 1886, Feudingen - 9 October 1954, Halle, Saxony-Anhalt) was a German mathematician who was the first to develop the concept of a groupoid.	Heinrich Brandt	Halle
place of death	Oldřich František Korte (26 April 1926; Šaľa, Slovakia -- 10 September 2014; Prague) was a Czech composer, pianist, publicist and writer.	Oldřich František Korte	Prague
place of death	Camille Sée died in Paris at the age of 71.	Camille Sée	Paris
place of death	Jan Kunc (27 March 1883, Doubravice nad Svitavou -- 11 September 1976, Brno) was a Czech composer, teacher, and writer.	Jan Kunc	Brno
place of death	In 2013, a street in the Canberra suburb of Casey was named Kingsland Parade in Richard Kingsland's honour.	Richard Kingsland	Canberra
place of death	Anton Laurids Johannes Dorph, usually known as Anton Dorph (15 February 1831, Horsens - 12 January 1914, Copenhagen) was a Danish painter who is remembered for his altarpieces and his paintings of fishermen.	Anton Dorph	Copenhagen
place of death	Carl Ashby (1914--2004) was an American abstract expressionist artist who lived and worked in New York City.	Carl Ashby	New York City
place of death	Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel (30 May 1783, Esslingen am Neckar -- 12 May 1856) was a German physician and an authority on grasses.	Ernst Gottlieb von Steudel	Esslingen am Neckar
place of death	John Hannum III (1744 -- February 2, 1799), also known as Col. John Hannum was a politician, businessman and colonial militiaman in Chester County, Pennsylvania influential in the establishment of West Chester, Pennsylvania as the county seat.	John Hannum III	West Chester
place of death	Johann Conrad Beissel (March 1, 1691 -- July 6, 1768) was the German-born religious leader who in 1732 founded the Ephrata Community in Pennsylvania, USA.	Conrad Beissel	Ephrata
place of death	Eudoxe Marcille (20 April 1814, Chartres - 7 April 1890, Chécy) was a French painter, museum director, art school director and art collector.	Eudoxe Marcille	Chécy
place of death	George Sylvester Viereck (December 31, 1884, Munich, Germany -- died March 18, 1962, Holyoke, Massachusetts) was a German-American poet, writer, and pro-Nazi propagandist.	George Sylvester Viereck	Holyoke
place of death	Attila Szekrényessy (born 20 January 1913 in Budapest, Hungary; died February 1995 in Gyöngyös) was a Hungarian pair skater who competed with his sister Piroska Szekrényessy.	Attila Szekrényessy	Gyöngyös
place of death	Moyshe Altman (Yiddish: משה אַלטמאַן‎; Russian: Моисей Элевич Альтман) (May 7, 1890, Lipcani, Bessarabia - October 21, 1981, Chernivtsi, USSR) was a Yiddish writer.	Moyshe Altman	Chernivtsi
place of death	Reinhard Opitz died of cancer in Cologne, where he had lived for twenty years.	Reinhard Opitz	Cologne
place of death	Johann Friedrich Peter (sometimes John Frederick Peter) (born Heerendijk, May 19, 1746 - died Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, July 13, 1813) was an American composer of German origin.	Johann Friedrich Peter	Bethlehem
place of death	Dr. Cecilio Báez González was born in Asunción, capital of Paraguay on February 1, 1862.	Cecilio Báez	Asunción
place of death	Loni Heuser (January 22, 1908 in Düsseldorf -- March 6, 1999 in Berlin) was a German film actress.	Loni Heuser	Berlin
place of death	Patric Doonan (b. 18 April 1925, Derby, Derbyshire - d. 10 March 1958, London) was a British stage and screen actor.	Patric Doonan	London
place of death	Marcello Creti (born in Rome on 16 April 1922; died in Sutri on 1 January 2000) was an Italian inventor, gem prospector, and reported healer who for a time led a group in a farm called Sapientia.	Marcello Creti	Sutri
place of death	Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt died in Holm, Pinneberg, West Germany, in 1973.	Hans Schmidt-Isserstedt	Holm
place of death	Allan Macfadyen (26 May 1860 in Glasgow -- 1 March 1907 in Hampstead, London) was a Scottish bacteriologist, a pioneer in immunization against bacterial infection.	Allan Macfadyen	Hampstead
place of death	Guilhèm Adèr (in French language Guilhem Ader ; Gimont ?, 1567 ? - Gimont, 1638) was an Occitan language writer from Gascony.	Guilhèm Adèr	Gimont
place of death	Willy Hellpach (February 26, 1877 in Oels, Silesia - July 6, 1955 in Heidelberg) was the sixth State President of Baden.	Willy Hellpach	Heidelberg
place of death	After the destruction of Mingxing's studio by Japanese bombing during the 1937 Battle of Shanghai, Zhang Shichuan made films for the China United Film Production Company (Zhonglian) in Japanese-occupied Shanghai, which led to accusations of treason after the surrender of Japan in 1945.	Zhang Shichuan	Shanghai
place of death	Arno Holz (Rastenburg, 26 April 1863 -- 24 October 1929, Berlin) was a German naturalist poet and dramatist.	Arno Holz	Berlin
place of death	Margarete Hilferding, born Hönigsberg (June 20, 1871, Hernals, Vienna -- September 23, 1942; died on the transport between Theresienstadt concentration camp and Maly Trostenets extermination camp), was an Austrian Jewish teacher, doctor, individual psychologist.	Margarete Hilferding	Maly Trostenets extermination camp
place of death	Piet van de Kamp (December 26, 1901 in Kampen -- May 18, 1995 in Amsterdam), known as Peter van de Kamp in the United States, was a Dutch astronomer who lived most of his life in the United States.	Peter van de Kamp	Amsterdam
place of death	Missak Kouyumjian (Armenian: Միսաք Գույումճյան; September 8, 1877 Caesarea, Ankara Vilayet, Ottoman Empire - September 13, 1913 Adana, Ottoman Turkey), better known by his pen name Arandzar (Armenian: Առանձար), is a famed Armenian short story writer, poet, and principal.	Arandzar	Adana
place of death	The Rev Dr Alexander Crombie (17 July 1762 Aberdeen -- 11 June 1840, York Terrace, Regent's Park, London, England) was a Presbyterian minister, schoolmaster and philosopher.	Alexander Crombie	Regent's Park
place of death	Antonio Alberti was an Italian painter, active mainly in the 15th century in his native city of Ferrara, as well as Bologna and Urbino.	Antonio Alberti	Urbino
place of death	At 5 p.m. July 3, 1904, in Edlach, a village inside Reichenau an der Rax, Lower Austria, Theodor Herzl, having been diagnosed with a heart issue earlier in the year, died of cardiac sclerosis.	Theodor Herzl	Reichenau an der Rax
place of death	Jakob Aleksič (Obrež, Slovenia, 30.5.1897 - 2.10.1980, Ljubljana) was a Slovenian theologian.	Jakob Aleksič	Ljubljana
place of death	Claude Garamont (ca. 1505 -- 1561), known commonly as Claude Garamond, was a French type designer, publisher and punch-cutter from Paris.	Claude Garamond	Paris
place of death	Hermann Ludwig Kutzschbach (30 August 1875, Meissen -- 9 February 1938, Dresden) was a German conductor whose career was principally at Dresden.	Hermann Ludwig Kutzschbach	Dresden
place of death	Kazimierz Brodziński (8 March 1791 in Królówka -- 10 October 1835 in Dresden) was an important Polish Romantic poet.	Kazimierz Brodziński	Dresden
place of death	Jan Appel (pseudonyms: Max Hempel, Jan Arndt, Jan Voß; 1890, Mecklenburg -- 4 May 1985, Maastricht) was a German revolutionary who participated in the German Revolution.	Jan Appel	Maastricht
place of death	John Peter Zenger (October 26, 1697 -- July 28, 1746) was a German American printer and journalist in New York City.	John Peter Zenger	New York City
place of death	Paul Hermann (30 June 1646, Halle -- 29 January 1695, Leiden) was a German born physician and botanist who for 15 years was director of the Hortus Botanicus Leiden.	Paul Hermann	Leiden
place of death	Theobald Schrems (17 February 1893 -- 15 November 1963) was the founder of the Musikgymnasium der Regensburger Domspatzen, a musical gymnasium for the boys' choir Regensburger Domspatzen at the Regensburg Cathedral.	Theobald Schrems	Regensburg
place of death	Jorge Enrique Adoum (Ambato, June 29, 1926 -- Quito, July 3, 2009) was an Ecuadorian writer, poet, politician, and diplomat.	Jorge Enrique Adoum	Quito
place of death	Dmitry Zubarev was born in Moscow in the family of an engineer.	Dmitry Zubarev	Moscow
place of death	Jehangir Hormusjee Ruttonjee (1880--1960) (Chinese: 律敦治) was a Parsee in Hong Kong.	Jehangir Hormusjee Ruttonjee	Hong Kong
place of death	Wolfgang Katzheimer the elder (German: Wolfgang Katzheimer der Ältere; c. 1430 -- 1508, Bamberg) was a German painter, draftsman, and designer.	Wolfgang Katzheimer	Bamberg
place of death	Danny Barker (January 13, 1909 -- March 13, 1994), born Daniel Moses Barker, was a jazz banjoist, singer, guitarist, songwriter, ukulele player and author from New Orleans.	Danny Barker	New Orleans
place of death	Luigi Firpo (1915 in Turin -- 1989 in Turin) was an Italian historian and politician.	Luigi Firpo	Turin
place of death	On September 1, 2009, Moumin Bahdon Farah died in Paris.	Moumin Bahdon Farah	Paris
place of death	Jimmy Mills (born 1 July 1894 in Dundee, Scotland; died 8 October 1990 in Sebring, Florida) was a Scottish-American soccer wing-half and coach.	Jimmy Mills	Sebring
place of death	Lieven Gevaert (Antwerp, 28 May 1868 -- The Hague, 2 February 1935) was a Flemish industrialist.	Lieven Gevaert	The Hague
place of death	Reinhold Quaatz (born 8 May 1876 in Berlin - died 15 August 1953 in West Berlin) was a German conservative politician active during the Weimar Republic.	Reinhold Quaatz	Berlin
place of death	Max Gold (born Vienna, Austria; died Tehran, Iran) was an early twentieth century Austrian football (soccer) right full back who played professionally in Austria and the United States.	Max Gold	Tehran
place of death	Andrija Paltašić (Italian: Andrea Paltasichi Latin Andreas de Paltasichis; Kotor 1440 -- Venice 1500) was a Venetian printer and publisher who was active from 1476 to 1492.	Andrija Paltašić	Venice
place of death	Eleonore of Fürstenberg (11 October 1523 -- 23 June 1544 in Bouxwiller) was a daughter of Count Frederick III of Fürstenberg.	Eleonore of Fürstenberg	Bouxwiller
place of death	Natale Battezzati (1818--1882) was a printer and publishing house owner in Milan, Italy in the mid- and late 1880s.	Natale Battezzati	Milan
place of death	Mahmut Atalay (March 30, 1934, Çorum -- December 4, 2004, Ankara) was a renowned Turkish World champion and Olympic medalist sports wrestler in the Welterweight class (73 kg until 1961, 78 kg from 1961 on) and a trainer who was born in Corum, Turkey.	Mahmut Atalay	Ankara
place of death	James Pounder Whitney (30 November 1857, Marsden, West Yorkshire -- 17 June 1939, Cambridge) was a British ecclesiastical historian.	James Pounder Whitney	Cambridge
place of death	Camille Libar (27 December 1917 -- 10 October 1991) in Dudelange) is a former football player and manager from Luxembourg.	Camille Libar	Luxembourg
place of death	Hans Siemsen (Pseudonym: Pfarrer Silesius, 27 March 1891, Hamm - 23. June 1969, Essen) was a German wrietr and journalist.	Hans Siemsen	Essen
place of death	Jorge Loring Martinez (Malaga, Spain, October 12, 1889 -- Madrid, Spain, September 22, 1936) was a Spanish engineer and entrepreneur, pioneer of civil aviation in that country, and considered by the Spanish Patent Office one of their great inventors.	Jorge Loring Martinez	Madrid
place of death	Arsène Darmesteter (5 January 1846, Château-Salins, Moselle -- 16 November 1888, Paris) was a distinguished French philologist and man of letters.	Arsène Darmesteter	Paris
place of death	Magdalene Sibylle of Holstein-Gottorp (also spelled Magdalena Sibylla; 1631 at Gottorp Castle -- 1719 in Güstrow) was a Duchess of Hostein-Gottorp by birth and by marriage Duchess of Mecklenburg-Güstrow.	Magdalene Sibylle of Holstein-Gottorp	Güstrow
place of death	Iosif Papp-Szilágyi de Illyésfalva (Romanian: Iosif Pop Sliaghi de Illyésfalva; 13 April 1813--5 August 1873) was the Bishop of the Diocese of Oradea Mare of the Romanian Greek-Catholic Church from 1863 to 1872.	Iosif Papp-Szilágyi	Oradea
place of death	Cardinal Bernard Maciejowski, Ciołek coat of arms (born 1548 -- died 19 January 1608 in Kraków), Polish nobleman, starosta, royal standard bearer, statesman and Catholic Church leader;	Bernard Maciejowski	Kraków
place of death	Michelangelo Ricci was born on 30 January 1619 in Rome, then capital of the Papal States, to a family of low social standing that originated in Bergamo.	Michelangelo Ricci	Rome
place of death	Iisakki Vihtori Kosola (10 July 1884 -- 14 December 1936) was the leader of the Finnish right-wing radical Lapua Movement.	Vihtori Kosola	Lapua
place of death	Marta Abba (25 June 1900 in Milan, Italy -- 24 June 1988 in Milan) was an Italian actress.	Marta Abba	Milan
place of death	Thomas Hutchins (Monmouth County, NJ 1730 -- April 18, 1789, Pittsburgh) was an American military engineer, cartographer, geographer and surveyor.	Thomas Hutchins	Pittsburgh
place of death	Marinus Robyn van der Goes (alternative names: Marinus Robin van der Goes, Ignatius Cornelis Marinus, Ignatius Cornelis Marinus) (Goes or London?, 1599 - Antwerp, 1639) was a Flemish engraver.	Marinus Robyn van der Goes	Antwerp
place of death	Juan de Leyva de la Cerda, conde de Baños y marqués de Leyva y de Ladrada (February 2, 1604, Alcalá de Henares -- March 27, 1678, Guadalajara, Spain) was a Spanish nobleman and viceroy of New Spain from September 16, 1660 to June 28, 1664.	Juan de Leyva de la Cerda, conde de Baños	Guadalajara
place of death	(Sophie Dorothea) Friederike Krüger, alias August Lübeck or Auguste Krüger (8 October 1789, Friedland, Mecklenburg - 31 May 1848, Templin) was a soldier in the Prussian army.	Friederike Krüger	Templin
place of death	Simon Oakland died of cancer, one day after his 68th birthday (29 August 1983), in Cathedral City, California.	Simon Oakland	Cathedral City, California
place of death	Baron Vaea died at his residence, 'Tali ki Ha'apai', in Houma, Tongatapu, Tonga, on 7 June 2009, at approximately 10 pm He was 88 years old.	Baron Vaea	Tongatapu
place of death	Marah Roesli was born in Padang, West Sumatra on August 7, 1889, and died in Bandung, West Java on January 17, 1968.	Marah Roesli	Bandung
place of death	John Mavrocordatos (Greek: Ιωάννης Μαυροκορδάτος, Romanian: Ioan A. Mavrocordat), born in Constantinople on 23 July 1684 and dead in Bucharest on 23 February 1719, was caimacam of Moldavia (7 October 1711 -- 16 November 1711) and Prince of Wallachia between 2 December 1716 and 23 February 1719.	John Mavrocordatos	Bucharest
place of death	Pier Ugo Calzolari (11 March 1938 -- 11 October 2012) was an Italian engineer and professor of Applied Electronics at the University of Bologna since 1969.	Pier Ugo Calzolari	Bologna
place of death	Teofil Adamecki (1886 in Bielsko-Biała -- 1969) was a Polish lawyer and activist.	Teofil Adamecki	Bielsko-Biała
place of death	Peter Schenk the Younger (born 15 February 1693 in Amsterdam; died: 14 January 1775) was a Dutch engraver and map publisher active in Leipzig.	Peter Schenk the Younger	Amsterdam
place of death	Francesco De Rocchi (Saronno (Varese), 1902 -- Milan, 1978) was an Italian painter.	Francesco De Rocchi	Milan
place of death	Zimbert Jenisch (born 1587 in Augsburg, died 28 November 1645 in Hamburg) was a German merchant and patrician.	Zimbert Jenisch	Hamburg
place of death	Nikolay Lanceray (Russian: Николай Евгеньевич Лансере, April 26, 1879 in Saint Petersburg -- May 6, 1942 in Saratov) was a Russian architect, preservationist, illustrator of books and historian of neoclassical art, biographer of Charles Cameron, Vincenzo Brenna and Andreyan Zakharov.	Nikolay Lanceray	Saratov
place of death	George Kirke Spoor (December 18, 1871 -- 24 November 1953) was an early film pioneer who, with Gilbert M. ``Broncho Billy'' Anderson, founded Essanay Studios in Chicago in 1907.	George Kirke Spoor	Chicago
place of death	James Anson Campbell (September 11, 1854 -- September 20, 1933) was an American business leader known for his role as chairman of Youngstown Sheet and Tube Company, one of the largest regional steel-production firms in the United States.	James Anson Campbell	Youngstown
place of death	Wilhelm Adam (28 March 1893 in Eichen, now a part of Nidderau -- 24 November 1978 in Dresden) was a career military officer who served in three German Armies and later became an East German politician.	Wilhelm Adam	Dresden
place of death	Marieluise Fleißer (German pronunciation: (maˌʁiːluˈiːzə ˈflaɪsɐ); 23 November 1901, Ingolstadt -- 2 February 1974, Ingolstadt) was a German author and playwright.	Marieluise Fleißer	Ingolstadt
place of death	Vilhelm Lundstrøm (1893, Copenhagen -- 1950) was one of Denmark's most successful modernist painters.	Vilhelm Lundstrøm	Copenhagen
place of death	Pierre Deniker (16 February 1917, Paris -- 17 August 1998) was involved, jointly with Jean Delay and J. M. Harl, in the introduction of chlorpromazine (Thorazine), the first antipsychotic used in the treatment of schizophrenia, in the 1950s.	Pierre Deniker	Paris
place of death	John B. Clymer (March 6, 1887 - May 24, 1937) was a Hollywood film screenwriter.	John B. Clymer	Hollywood
place of death	John Smybert (or Smibert) (1688--1751) was a Scottish American artist, who was born in Edinburgh, Scotland and died in Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	John Smybert	Boston
place of death	Andreas Rett (January 2, 1924 in Fürth, Bavaria -- April 25, 1997 in Vienna) was an Austrian neurologist and author.	Andreas Rett	Vienna
place of death	Josef Allram (Schrems, November 22, 1860- Mödling, December 29, 1941) was an Austrian writer and teacher.	Josef Allram	Mödling
place of death	Hans Heinrich Schmid (22 October 1937 in Winterthur, Canton of Zürich--4 October 2014) was a Swiss Protestant Reformed theologian, University Professor and University Rector.	Hans Heinrich Schmid	Zürich
place of death	Nicolangelo Carnimeo (Bari 6 July 1887 - Naples 1965) was an Italian lieutenant-general; later a legal-administrative judge and then a member of Parliament of the Italian Republic.	Nicolangelo Carnimeo	Naples
place of death	Mohamed Jamoussi (Arabic: محمد الجموسي‎) (born July 12, 1910 in Sfax and died on January 3, 1982) was a Tunisian singer, composer, and poet.	Mohamed Jamoussi	Sfax
place of death	Jaro Procházka (April 22, 1886 in Prague, Vyšehrad -- September 30, 1949 in Prague) was a Czech painter specializing in cities and landscapes.	Jaro Procházka	Prague
place of death	Jean-Victor Schnetz (April 14, 1787, Versailles - March 15, 1870, Paris) was a French academic painter well regarded for his historical and genre paintings.	Jean-Victor Schnetz	Paris
place of death	Juan Carlos Altavista (January 4, 1929 in Buenos Aires -- July 20, 1989) was an Argentine actor and comedian.	Juan Carlos Altavista	Buenos Aires
place of death	Mladen III Šubić (Croatian: Mladen III. Šubić) (c. 1315 -- Trogir, 1 May 1348) was a member of the Croatian Šubić noble family, who ruled from Klis Fortress.	Mladen III Šubić	Trogir
place of death	Václav Hladík (August 22, 1868 in Prague - April 29, 1913 in Prague) was a Czech novelist, journalist and translator.	Václav Hladík	Prague
place of death	Gladys Castelvecchi (born November 26, 1922 in Rocha, Uruguay and died on May 28, 2008 in Montevideo) was an Uruguayan poet and literature professor.	Gladys Castelvecchi	Montevideo
place of death	Pilot Colonel Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz (Totonicapán, 16 August 1901 -- Guatemala City, 28 September 1929) was one of the aviation pioneers in Guatemala.	Jacinto Rodríguez Díaz	Guatemala City
place of death	Claude Barrett (5 December 1907 -- 3 August 1976) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Bradford Park Avenue, Port Vale and York City.	Claude Barrett	Bradford
place of death	Prince Pavel Yengalychev or Engalytshev (Russian: Павел Николаевич Енгалычев; 25 March 1864 -- 12 August 1944, Lausanne) was a Russian prince and general.	Pavel Yengalychev	Lausanne
place of death	Mohan Bhandari (died 24 September 2015) was an India actor who featured in several popular TV serials such as Saat Phere.	Mohan Bhandari	India
place of death	Hans Imhoff (March 12, 1922 -- December 21, 2007) was a German chocolate producer and founder of the Imhoff-Schokoladenmuseum (Imhoff Chocolate Museum) in Cologne, Germany.	Hans Imhoff	Cologne
place of death	Gaspard Dughet (15 June 1615 -- 27 May 1675), also known as Gaspard Poussin, was a French painter born in Rome.	Gaspard Dughet	Rome
place of death	Alastair Reid (Whithorn, 22 March 1926 -- Manhattan, 21 September 2014) was a Scottish poet and a scholar of South American literature.	Alastair Reid	Manhattan
place of death	Kazimierz Jelski (1782 -- March 1867 in Vilnius, Lithuania) was a Polish Classicist architect and sculptor active in Lithuania.	Kazimierz Jelski	Vilnius
place of death	Horace Chapin Henry (October, 6 1844--June 28, 1928) was an early Seattle businessman and founder of the Henry Art Gallery and Firland Tuberculosis Hospital.	Horace Chapin Henry	Seattle
place of death	Oluf Braren was born in Oldsum on Föhr in North Frisia.	Oluf Braren	Oldsum
place of death	Felice Nazzaro (4 December 1881 - 21 March 1940) was an Italian racecar driver, a native of Turin.	Felice Nazzaro	Turin
place of death	Pietro Perna (1519 -- August 16, 1582) was an Italian printer, the leading printer of Late Renaissance Basel, the Erasmian crossroads between Italian Renaissance humanism and the Protestant Reformation.	Pietro Perna	Basel
place of death	Pavel Wonka (January 21, 1953 in Vrchlabí -- April 24, 1988 in Hradec Králové) was a Czechoslovak dissident of partly German origin and a victim of communist terror.	Pavel Wonka	Hradec Králové
place of death	Joyce McDougall (/məkˈduːɡəl/; 26 April 1920, Dunedin, New Zealand -- 24 August 2011, London, UK) was a New Zealand-French psychoanalyst.	Joyce McDougall	London
place of death	William Fell Giles (April 8, 1807 in Harford County, Maryland -- March 21, 1879 in Baltimore, Maryland) was a U.S. Representative from Maryland and later a United States federal judge.	William Fell Giles	Baltimore
place of death	Anton Kaindl (July 14, 1902, Munich, Kingdom of Bavaria -- 1948 in Vorkuta) was an SS-Standartenführer and commandant of the Sachsenhausen concentration camp from 1942-1945.	Anton Kaindl	Vorkuta
place of death	Nicola Fergola (1753-1824) was a mathematician from Italy professor in the university of Naples.	Nicola Fergola	Naples
place of death	Georg Christian August Kestner (28 November 1777 in Hanover; 5 March 1853 in Rome) was a German diplomat and art collector.	August Kestner	Rome
place of death	Dieter Noll died in the night of February 6 of cancer in Zeuthen.	Dieter Noll	Zeuthen
place of death	Earl Irvin West (May 18, 1920, Carmel, Indiana -- February 4, 2011, Memphis, Tennessee) was a historian of the Restoration Movement.	Earl Irvin West	Memphis
place of death	Carlos Pau y Español (1857, Segorbe, Spain -- 1937, Segorbe) was a Spanish botanist.	Carlos Pau y Español	Segorbe
place of death	Violet Mersereau died on November 12, 1975 in Plymouth, Massachusetts, at the age of 83.	Violet Mersereau	Plymouth
place of death	Mathieu Matégot died at Angers, France in February 2001.	Mathieu Matégot	Angers
place of death	Edward Joseph Kelly (May 1, 1876 -- October 20, 1950) served as chief engineer of the Chicago Sanitary District in the 1920s, and later as mayor of Chicago, Illinois (1933--1947); he was a Democrat.	Edward Joseph Kelly	Chicago
place of death	Abbé Joseph-Antoine Boullan (Saint-Porquier, Tarn-et-Garonne, 18 February 1824 -- 4 January 1893, Lyon) was a French Roman Catholic priest and later a laicized priest, who is often accused of being a Satanist although he continued to defend his status as a Christian.	Joseph-Antoine Boullan	Lyon
place of death	Ivan Stodola (10 March 1888 in Liptovský Svätý Mikuláš -- 26 March 1977 in Piešťany) was Slovak dramatist and writer.	Ivan Stodola	Piešťany
place of death	Piero Bellugi (14 July 1924 -- 10 June 2012) was an Italian conductor from Florence.	Piero Bellugi	Florence
place of death	Friedrich Noack, who wrote under the pseudonym F. Idus, (20 April 1858, Gießen -- 1 February 1930, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German cultural historian and author, who wrote several articles for the Künstlerlexikon (arts dictionary) Thieme-Becker.	Friedrich Noack	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Sadek Boukhalfa (born August 25, 1934 in Azzaba, French Algeria - died July 3, 2009 in Nantes, France) was a former Algerian international football player.	Sadek Boukhalfa	Nantes
place of death	Paul Henry Lang (August 28, 1901, Budapest -- September 21, 1991, Lakeville, Connecticut) was a Hungarian-American musicologist and music critic.	Paul Henry Lang	Lakeville
place of death	Johann Schicht (March 8, 1855, Rynoltice (Ringelshain) - June 3, 1907, Ústí nad Labem (Aussig)) was a German Bohemian entrepreneur, owner of a large soap-making plant.	Johann Schicht	Ústí nad Labem
place of death	Dr Ján Ladislav Nádaši-Jégé (* 12 February 1866, Dolný Kubín -- † 2 July 1940, Dolný Kubín) was a Slovak writer, literary critic and doctor.	Ladislav Nádaši-Jégé	Dolný Kubín
place of death	John Christian of Brieg (Polish: Jan Chrystian Brzeski; German: Johann Christian von Brieg; Ohlau, 28 August 1591 -- Osterode in Ostpreußen (today Ostróda), 25 December 1639), was a Duke of Brzeg--	John Christian of Brieg	Ostróda
place of death	Teodoro Bronzini (October 10, 1888 -- August 20, 1981) was an Argentine politician, affiliated with the Socialist Party, who served as Mayor of Mar del Plata for four periods, from the 1920s to the 1960s.	Teodoro Bronzini	Mar del Plata
place of death	Marius Lavet (Clermont-Ferrand, February 8, 1894 - Paris, February 14, 1980) was a French engineer who invented in 1936 the principle of stepper motor.	Marius Lavet	Paris
place of death	In the 1830s, Jakob Heine opened an orthopaedic institution in Cannstatt near Stuttgart and served as director there until 1865.	Jakob Heine	Stuttgart
place of death	Franz Joseph Emil Fischer (19 March 1877 in Freiburg im Breisgau -- 1 December 1947 in Munich) was a German chemist and father to Artur Fischer and Siegfried Fischer.	Franz Joseph Emil Fischer	Munich
place of death	Francesc de Borja Moll i Casasnovas (Ciutadella, Minorca, 1903 - Palma, Majorca, 1991) was a Catalan language linguist.	Francesc de Borja Moll i Casasnovas	Palma
place of death	Pier Francesco Mola, called Il Ticinese (9 February 1612 -- 13 May 1666) was an Italian painter of the High Baroque, mainly active around Rome.	Pier Francesco Mola	Rome
place of death	František Graus (14 December 1921, Brno--1 May 1989, Basel) was a Czech historian whose work focused on the social and economic history of medieval Europe, particularly the history of social movements and of ethnic and religious minorities.	František Graus	Basel
place of death	Dmytro Vitovsky (Ukrainian: Дмитро Вітовський) (8 November 1887, Medukha, Stanislau powiat, Galicia and Lodomeria, Austro-Hungary -- 8 July 1919, Racibórz, Silesia, Germany) was a Ukrainian politician and military leader.	Dmytro Vitovsky	Racibórz
place of death	Sergio Méndez Arceo (1907 in Tlalpan -- 1992 in Morelos) was a Mexican Bishop, activist and human rights supporter.	Sergio Méndez Arceo	Morelos
place of death	Franz Xaver Wagenschön (1726, Littisch (aka Littitsch, Liticze, Czech: Litíč), near Jaroměř, north-eastern Bohemia -- 1790, Vienna) was a German Bohemian painter of the Rococo and Neoclassical styles.	Franz Xaver Wagenschön	Vienna
place of death	Henri Joseph Thomas (1878 - 1972) was a Belgian genre, portrait and still life painter, sculptor and etcher from the Belgian School, Brussels, Belgium.	Henri Joseph Thomas	Brussels
place of death	In January 1917 Emma Miller travelled to Toowoomba for several weeks rest.	Emma Miller	Toowoomba
place of death	Amedeo Bocchi (August 24, 1883 -- December 16, 1976) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Rome.	Amedeo Bocchi	Rome
place of death	Domenico Cavalca (Vicopisano, c. 1270 -- Pisa, October 1342) was an Italian writer.	Domenico Cavalca	Pisa
place of death	Wolfgang Müller-Wiener (Friedrichswerth, Thuringia, 17 May 1923 - Istanbul, Turkey, 25 March 1991) was a German architecture historian, archaeologist and Byzantinist.	Wolfgang Müller-Wiener	Istanbul
place of death	Franca Helg (21 February 1920 Milan -- 4 June 1989 Milan) was an Italian designer and architect.	Franca Helg	Milan
place of death	Aribo, Archbishop of Mainz, had a church built over Heimerad's grave on the Hasunger Berg two years after his death, in 1021, which served as the nucleus of Hasungen Abbey, founded in 1074.	Heimerad	Hasungen Abbey
place of death	Anton Geiss, German spelling Anton Geiß (11 August 1858 in Rettenbach -- 3 March 1944 in Schriesheim) was a German politician in the Republic of Baden.	Anton Geiss	Schriesheim
place of death	Benoit Turretin (1588--1631), the son of Francesco Turretini, a native of Lucca, who settled in Geneva in 1579, was born at Zurich in November 1588.	Benoit Turretin	Geneva
place of death	Eduard Bornhöhe (pen name), born Eduard Brunberg (17 February 1862 (O.S. 5 February 1862) in Kullaaru, Rakvere Parish, Lääne-Viru County -- 17 November 1923 in Tallinn), was an Estonian writer.	Eduard Bornhöhe	Tallinn
place of death	Bruno Franz Leopold Liebermann (b. at Molsheim in Alsace, 12 October 1759; d. at Strasbourg, 11 November 1844) was a German Catholic theologian.	Bruno Franz Leopold Liebermann	Strasbourg
place of death	Marijan Lipovšek (Ljubljana 26 January 1910 -- 25 December 1995) was a Slovenian composer, pianist, and teacher.	Marijan Lipovšek	Ljubljana
place of death	Ephraim Webster (June 30, 1762 - October 16, 1824) was the first white settler in Central New York when he arrived in 1786 to an area later named Syracuse.	Ephraim Webster	Syracuse
place of death	Hugo Huppert (5 June 1902 in Bielitz, Silesia (now Bielsko) - 25 March 1982 in Vienna) was an Austrian poet, translator and writer.	Hugo Huppert	Vienna
place of death	Matthew Linn Bruce (October 1, 1860, Mercersburg, Franklin County, Pennsylvania -- February 26, 1936, Albany, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Matthew Linn Bruce	Albany
place of death	Michel Hénon (French: (enɔ̃); 1931, Paris -- 7 April 2013, Nice) was a French mathematician and astronomer.	Michel Hénon	Nice
place of death	Tad Dorgan and his wife, Izole M., lived in a Great Neck, New York house valued at $75,000.	Tad Dorgan	Great Neck
place of death	They reached France on 2 July 1802 and, on 25 August, Toussaint Louverture was sent to the jail in Fort-de-Joux in the Doubs.	Toussaint Louverture	Fort-de-Joux
place of death	Laurens Theodorus Gronovius (June 1, 1730 -- August 8, 1777), also known as Laurentius Theodorus Gronovius or as Laurens Theodore Gronow, was a Dutch naturalist born in Leiden.	Laurens Theodorus Gronovius	Leiden
place of death	Alemdar Mustafa Pasha was buried in the courtyard of the Zeynep Sultan Mosque in Istanbul.	Alemdar Mustafa Pasha	Istanbul
place of death	José Manuel Joly Braga Santos, ComSE (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒɔˈli ˈbɾaɡɐ ˈsɐ̃tuʃ); May 14, 1924 -- July 18, 1988) was a Portuguese composer and conductor, who was born and died in Lisbon.	Joly Braga Santos	Lisbon
place of death	Joachim Ringelnatz is the pen name of the German author and painter Hans Bötticher (7 August 1883, Wurzen, Saxony -- 17 November 1934, Berlin).	Joachim Ringelnatz	Berlin
place of death	Matthias Eberhard (born 15 November 1815, at Trier, Germany, d. there 30 May 1876) was a German Roman Catholic Bishop of Trier.	Matthias Eberhard	Trier
place of death	Antoninus agreed, and soon afterward Hadrian died at Baiae.	Hadrian	Baiae
place of death	Egidio Viganò (born in Sondrio, Italy on June 29, 1920, died in Rome on January 23, 1995) was a Roman Catholic Priest of the Salesians of Don Bosco, who was the 7th Rector Major of that Order from 1977 until his death in 1995.	Egidio Viganò	Rome
place of death	Gaetano Gandolfi (31 August 1734 -- 20 June 1802) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque and early Neoclassic period, active in Bologna.	Gaetano Gandolfi	Bologna
place of death	Douglas Payne (born 1875 in England - died 3 August 1965 in London, England) was a British actor of the silent era.	Douglas Payne	London
place of death	Ludwig von Buhl (January 4, 1816 -- July 30, 1880) was a German pathologist born in Munich.	Ludwig von Buhl	Munich
place of death	Temple Moore died at his home in Hampstead in 1920, and was buried at St John's Church, Hampstead.	Temple Moore	Hampstead
place of death	Blanche Sewell (born October 27, 1898, Oklahoma - d. February 2, 1949, Burbank, California) was an American film editor.	Blanche Sewell	Burbank
place of death	Henri Lucien Jumelle (25 November 1866 in Dreux, Eure-et-Loir Department France -- 6 December 1935 in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône Department, France) was a French botanist.	Henri Lucien Jumelle	Marseille
place of death	Baghdasar Arzoumanian (1916 - 2001) (Armenian: Բաղդասար Արզումանյան, also Bagdasar, Paghtasar, Paghtassar, Baghdik, Bagdik, Arzumanian, Arzoumanyan, Arzumanyan) was an Armenian architect and designer based in Yerevan, Armenia.	Baghdasar Arzoumanian	Yerevan
place of death	Franz Xaver Stöber (20 February 1795, Vienna - 11 April 1858, Vienna) was an Austrian engraver and etcher.	Franz Xaver Stöber	Vienna
place of death	Jane Henson died on April 2, 2013, from cancer at the family home in Greenwich, Connecticut.	Jane Henson	Greenwich
place of death	Frank W. Cyr died at the age of 95 in Stamford, New York in 1995.	Frank W. Cyr	Stamford, New York
place of death	Jan Preisler (17 February 1872, Králův Dvůr -- 27 April 1918, Prague) was a Czech painter and art professor.	Jan Preisler	Prague
place of death	Walter Scheller was killed at Brest-Litovisk on 21 July 1944, during the Lublin--	Walter Scheller	Brest
place of death	Charles Vaurie (7 July 1906, Beaulieu-sur-Dordogne, France -- 13 May 1975, Reading, Pennsylvania) was a French-born American ornithologist.	Charles Vaurie	Reading
place of death	Karl Ferdinand Ranke (26 May 1802, Wiehe -- 29 March 1876, Berlin) was a German educator and classical philologist.	Karl Ferdinand Ranke	Berlin
place of death	Józef Padewski (18 February 1894 in Antoniów Masovian Voivodeship -- 10 May 1951 in Warsaw) was the bishop of the Polish Diocese of the Polish National Catholic Church (PNCC) (a church based in the United States).	Józef Padewski	Warsaw
place of death	Jane Joseph was born on 31 May 1894 at 23 Clanricarde Gardens, in the Notting Hill district of the Borough of Kensington, London, to a prosperous Jewish family.	Jane Joseph	London
place of death	Alexey Eisner (Russian: Алексе́й Влади́мирович Э́йснер; IPA: (ɐlʲɪkˈsʲej vlɐˈdʲimʲɪrəvʲɪtɕ ˈejsʲnʲɪr); 5 October 1905 in St. Petersburg -- 30 November 1984 in Moscow), was a Russian poet, translator and writer.	Alexey Eisner	Moscow
place of death	Stephenson built the Benjamin Stephenson House in Edwardsville, Illinois.	Benjamin Stephenson	Edwardsville
place of death	Jacinto Lara (Carora, 5 June 1777 - Barquisimeto, 25 February 1859), was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.	Jacinto Lara	Barquisimeto
place of death	Abraham van der Hart (1747 or 1757, Amsterdam -- 1820, Amsterdam) was an 18th-century architect from the Northern Netherlands.	Abraham van der Hart	Amsterdam
place of death	Giuseppe Concone (1801 Turin - 1861 Turin) was an Italian vocal teacher.	Giuseppe Concone	Turin
place of death	Elias van den Broeck (1649, Antwerp -- buried 6 February 1708, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age flower painter.	Elias van den Broeck	Amsterdam
place of death	Izaak Enschedé (16 April 1681 in Haarlem -- 1 May 1761 in Haarlem) was the founder of the printing company Royal Joh.	Izaak Enschedé	Haarlem
place of death	Rudolph Anders (December 17, 1902 in Germany -- March 27, 1987 in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California, USA) was a German character actor who came to the United States after the rise of Hitler, and appeared in numerous American films in the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s.	Rudolph Anders	Woodland Hills
place of death	Birger Hønningstad (17 September 1904 in Ås, Akershus, Norway -- 2 April 1976 in Oslo, Norway) was a Norwegian engineer and aircraft designer.	Birger Hønningstad	Oslo
place of death	Giovanni Morelli (Verona 25 February 1816 -- 28 February 1891 Milan) was an Italian art critic and political figure.	Giovanni Morelli	Milan
place of death	Charles Jean-Baptiste Amyot (23 September 1799 Vendreeuv - 13 October 1866 Paris) was a French lawyer and entomologist especially interested in the Hemiptera.	Charles Jean-Baptiste Amyot	Paris
place of death	Sir Crisp Gascoyne (1700 -- 28 December 1761) was an English businessman who became Lord Mayor of London.	Crisp Gascoyne	London
place of death	Bonaldo Stringher (Udine, 18 December 1854 -- Rome, 24 December 1930) was an Italian banker, economist and politician.	Bonaldo Stringher	Rome
place of death	Ernst Küster (18 June 1874 in Breslau -- 6 July 1953 in Gießen) was a German botanist known for his work in plant cell research.	Ernst Küster	Gießen
place of death	Johann Michael Sailer (Aresing, 17 October 1751 - Regensburg, 20 May 1832) was a German Jesuit professor of theology and Bishop of Regensburg.	Johann Michael Sailer	Regensburg
place of death	Friedrich Bassler (21 June 1909, Karlsruhe - 7 September 1992, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German hydraulic engineer.	Friedrich Bassler	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Paolo Enriques (17 August 1878, Leghorn -- 26 December 1932, Rome) was an Italian zoologist.	Paolo Enriques	Rome
position held	Saint Gratus of Oloron (French: Grat d'Oloron; Catalan: Grat d'Auloron; also known, from his place of birth, as Grat de Lichos) (born 5th century; died after 506) was a bishop of Oloron.	Gratus of Oloron	bishop
position held	Giuseppe Agostino Orsi (1692, Florence - 1761) was a cardinal, theologian, and ecclesiastical historian.	Giuseppe Agostino Orsi	cardinal
position held	Liemar (unknown -- 16 May 1101, in Bremen) was archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen from 1072 to 1101, and an important figure of the early Investiture Contest.	Liemar	archbishop
position held	David Giuliano (born May 16, 1960) was the Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 2006 to 2009.	David Giuliano	Moderator of the United Church of Canada
position held	Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi Efendi (died 1732), also Mehmed Efendi (sometimes spelled Mehemet Effendi in France), was a Ottoman statesman who was delegated as ambassador by the Sultan Ahmed III to Louis XV's France in 1720.	Yirmisekiz Mehmed Çelebi	ambassador
position held	Hubert Patrick O'Connor (1928 -- 24 July 2007) was a Canadian Roman Catholic bishop of Prince George in British Columbia who was forced to resign following sex abuse charges being filed against him.	Hubert Patrick O'Connor	bishop
position held	Mary Wright Plummer (March 8, 1856 in Richmond, Indiana -- September 21, 1916 in Dixon, Illinois) was a prominent American librarian who became the second female president of the American Library Association (1915--1916).	Mary Wright Plummer	president
position held	Giambattista Spinola (20 September 1615--4 January 1704) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church and an Archbishop of Genoa.	Giambattista Spinola	cardinal
position held	Hyacinthe Sigismond Gerdil, C.R.S.P. (20 June 1718 -- 12 August 1802) was an Italian theologian, bishop and cardinal, who was a significant figure in the response of the papacy to the assault on the Catholic Church by the upheavals caused by the French Revolution.	Hyacinthe Sigismond Gerdil	cardinal
position held	James McDowell (October 13, 1795 -- August 24, 1851) was 29th Governor of Virginia from 1843 to 1846 and was a U.S. Congressman from 1846 to 1851.	James McDowell	Governor of Virginia
position held	Zail Singh was elected as a Congress Chief Minister of Punjab in 1972.	Zail Singh	Chief Minister of Punjab
position held	Mario Sturzo (Caltagirone, November 2, 1861 - Piazza Armerina, November 12, 1941) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop.	Mario Sturzo	bishop
position held	Hans Aumeier (20 August 1906 -- 28 January 1948) was an SS-Sturmbannführer (major), the deputy commandant of Auschwitz concentration camp and a Nazi war criminal.	Hans Aumeier	Sturmbannführer
position held	Traian Băsescu (Romanian pronunciation: (traˈjan bəˈsesku); born 4 November 1951) is a Romanian politician, who served as the fourth President of Romania from 2004 to 2014.	Traian Băsescu	President of Romania
position held	Dennis Patrick O'Neil (January 16, 1940--October 17, 2003) was an auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of San Bernardino.	Dennis Patrick O'Neil	bishop
position held	Giovanni I Participazio (or Particiaco) (died 837) was the tenth (historical) or twelfth (traditional) Doge of Venice from the death of his brother in 829 to his arrest and deposition in 836.	Giovanni I Participazio	Doge of Venice
position held	Joseph Anthony Ferrario (March 3, 1926 -- December 12, 2003) was the third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu and served from 1982 to 1993.	Joseph Anthony Ferrario	bishop
position held	Peter P. Carr (August 6, 1890 - December 1, 1966) was an American grocer who served three terms as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Rock County.	Peter P. Carr	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Martha Beatriz Merino Lucero (born November 15, 1947, Peru) was the first female Prime Minister of Peru.	Beatriz Merino	Prime Minister of Peru
position held	Manuel Ávila Camacho (Spanish pronunciation: (maˈnwel ˈaβila kaˈmatʃo); 24 April 1897 -- 13 October 1955) served as the President of Mexico from 1940 to 1946.	Manuel Ávila Camacho	President of Mexico
position held	Kunga Lekpa Jungne Gyaltsen (Wylie: Kun dga legs pa'i 'byung gnas rgyal mts'an) (1308 - 1330) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor (Dishi) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty.	Kunga Lekpa Jungne Gyaltsen	Imperial Preceptor
position held	Saint Lullus (Lull or Lul) (born about 710 in Wessex, died 16 October 786 in Hersfeld) was the first permanent archbishop of Mainz, succeeding Saint Boniface, and first abbot of the Benedictine Hersfeld Abbey.	Lullus	archbishop
position held	Benjamin Stoddert (1744 -- December 18, 1813) was the first United States Secretary of the Navy from May 1, 1798 to March 31, 1801.	Benjamin Stoddert	United States Secretary of the Navy
position held	Éric Caire (born May 21, 1965 in Sorel-Tracy, Quebec) is a politician from Quebec, Canada, and the CAQ Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of La Peltrie.	Éric Caire	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Théophile Georges Kassab (5 June 1945 − 22 October 2013) was a Syrian Syriac Catholic archbishop.	Théophile Georges Kassab	archbishop
position held	Ingenuinus or Ingenuin, also Jenewein (d. c. 605), was the second historically confirmed bishop of Sabiona or Säben.	Ingenuinus	bishop
position held	Daniel Betts, Jr. (May 2, 1699 -- Jul. 10, 1783) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in 1777.	Daniel Betts, Jr.	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Frank Thomas Stanfield (25 February 1903 -- 2 July 1967) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada for the Colchester--	Frank Thomas Stanfield	member of the House of Commons of Canada
position held	Scipione Lancelotti (1527--1598) was an Italian who became a cardinal within the Roman Catholic Church.	Scipione Lancelotti	cardinal
position held	Matthew Seymour (also Matthew Seamer, and Matthew Seamore) (May 1669 -- 1735) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1712, and October 1713.	Matthew Seymour	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Yorke Allen, Jr. (28 April 1915 -- 6 April 1989) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 143rd district from 1979 to 1983.	Yorke Allen, Jr.	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Hōjō Nagatoki 北条 長時 (1227--1264) was the sixth Shikken (1256--1264) of the Kamakura Bakufu and the 4th Chief of the Rokuhara Tandai North Branch Kitakata.	Hōjō Nagatoki	Shikken
position held	Mustafa Bülent Ecevit (Turkish: (byˈlænt edʒeˈvit); 28 May 1925 -- 5 November 2006) was a Turkish politician, poet, writer, scholar, and journalist, who served as the Prime Minister of Turkey four times between 1974 and 2002.	Bülent Ecevit	Prime Minister of Turkey
position held	In December 2014, Google sued Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood in federal court, seeking to block a 79-page subpoena from Attorney General for violating First and Fourth Amendments rights.	Jim Hood	Mississippi Attorney General
position held	Pope Zephyrinus (died 20 December 217) was bishop of Rome or pope from 199 to his death in 217.	Pope Zephyrinus	pope
position held	Pat Marsh (born January 6, 1949 in Fayetteville, Tennessee) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives representing District 62 since winning the special election on October 13, 2009 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Representative Curt Cobb.	Pat Marsh	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Michael P. McAuliffe (born December 7, 1963) is a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 20th district in northwestern Chicago.	Michael P. McAuliffe	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	J. C. U. Niedermann (born 1810) was an American gardener who served one year as a National Union Party member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from the 5th Milwaukee County assembly district (the 5th Ward of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin) in 1864, succeeding Democrat Peter V. Deuster.	J. C. U. Niedermann	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Phineas Jenks (May 3, 1781 -- August 6, 1851) was a medical doctor and a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Phineas Jenks	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Arthur Koegel (May 2, 1889 -- May, 1974) was a Socialist bricklayer from Milwaukee who served five terms from 1933-1942 as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Arthur Koegel	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Miguel António do Amaral (Lisbon; 1710 -- Lisbon; 1780) was a Portuguese court painter to the House of Braganza, progressing in the years from the household of Joseph I of Portugal to that of Maria I of Portugal and finally to the household of José, Prince of Brazil.	Miguel António do Amaral	court painter
position held	Pratap Singh Shah, King of Nepal (Nepali: प्रतापसिंह शाह) (1751--1777) was the second King of Nepal.	Pratap Singh Shah	King of Nepal
position held	Pankraz Vorster (July 31, 1753, Naples -- 9 September 1829, Muri) was a Swiss abbot.	Pankraz Vorster	abbot
position held	William Earl Siebert, known as Bill Siebert (born September 22, 1947), is a businessman in San Antonio, Texas, who is a Republican former member of the Texas House of Representatives from Bexar County, having served from 1993 to 2001.	Bill Siebert	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	David Rice Atchison (August 11, 1807 -- January 26, 1886) was a mid-19th century Democratic United States Senator from Missouri.	David Rice Atchison	United States Senator
position held	Honourable Elizabeth Charlotte Knollys (c. 1835 -- 24 April 1930) was a Lady of the Bedchamber, and the first woman private secretary, to Princess Alexandra of Denmark, later Queen Alexandra of the United Kingdom, consort of Edward VII of the United Kingdom.	Charlotte Knollys	Lady of the Bedchamber
position held	Jiang Hua (August 1, 1907 -- December 24, 1999) was a Chinese politician and President of the Supreme People's Court of China.	Jiang Hua	President of the Supreme People's Court of China
position held	Saint Chrodegang (died 6 March 766) was the Frankish Bishop of Metz from 742 or 748 until his death.	Chrodegang	Bishop of Metz
position held	Nguyễn Sinh Hùng (born 18 January 1946) is a Vietnamese politician who has been Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam since 2011.	Nguyễn Sinh Hùng	Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam
position held	Donna Howard (born October 25, 1951) is a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives, representing the 48th District since her election in 2006.	Donna Howard	member of the Texas House of Representatives
position held	Pierre d'Ailly (French: (d‿aji); Latin Petrus Aliacensis, Petrus de Alliaco) (1351 -- 9 August 1420) was a French theologian, astrologer, and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Pierre d'Ailly	cardinal
position held	Marilyn Slaby (born November 19, 1939) is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, who has served the 41st District since her appointment in 2012.	Marilyn Slaby	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Khuiqer was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh known only for a limestone lintel bearing part of his royal titulary, found in Abydos by Flinders Petrie at the beginning of the 20th century, and now located at the University of Pennsylvania Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology (E 17316 A-B).	Khuiqer	pharaoh
position held	Francis Charles McMains, Jr., known as Chuck McMains (born October 14, 1948), is a Baton Rouge attorney and businessman who served as a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1992 to 2001 from District 69 in East Baton Rouge Parish.	Chuck McMains	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Fletcher D. Proctor (November 7, 1860 -- September 27, 1911) was an American businessman, a Republican politician, and the 51st Governor of Vermont, who served from 1906 to 1908.	Fletcher D. Proctor	Governor of Vermont
position held	Isidore Fattal (born 26 October 1886 in Aleppo, Syria -- died on 4 September 1961 in Aleppo) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church in Lebanon and Syria.	Isidore Fattal	bishop
position held	James Pleasants, Jr. (October 24, 1769 -- November 9, 1836) was an American politician who served in the U.S. Senate from 1819 to 1822 and was the 22nd Governor of Virginia from 1822 to 1825.	James Pleasants	Governor of Virginia
position held	Elga L. Jefferies is a Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives, representing the 26th District since her appointment in June 2006 after the death of the former Representative, Lovana ``Lou'' Jones.	Elga L. Jefferies	member of the Illinois House of Representatives
position held	Saint Cyprian of Toulon (Cyprianus Tolonensis) (476 -- October 3, 546) was bishop of Toulon during the 6th century.	Cyprian of Toulon	bishop
position held	Lena Ek (born 16 January 1958 in Mönsterås, Kalmar County) is a Swedish politician who served as Minister for the Environment from 2011 to 2014.	Lena Ek	Minister for the Environment
position held	Djedkare Shemai may have been an ancient Egyptian pharaoh during the 7th dynasty of the 1st intermediate period.	Djedkare Shemai	pharaoh
position held	Nathaniel Boileau (died 1850) was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives and served as speaker in 1808.	Nathaniel Boileau	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Joseph Dao (June 8, 1936 -- October 23, 2011) was the Burkinabé-born Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kayes, Mali.	Joseph Dao	bishop
position held	Thomas Cushing II (1694 -- April 1746) was an American merchant, lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1742 to 1745.	Thomas Cushing II	Speaker of the Massachusetts House of Representatives
position held	Alan Eggleston (born 30 December 1941) is an Australian politician, who was a Liberal member of the Australian Senate from 1996 to 2014 representing Western Australia.	Alan Eggleston	member of the Australian Senate
position held	Jean-Pierre Delville, (born 1951) is the 92nd bishop of the Diocese of Liège.	Jean-Pierre Delville	bishop
position held	Emmet O'Neal (September 23, 1853 -- September 7, 1922) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer who was the 34th Governor of Alabama from 1911 to 1915.	Emmet O'Neal	Governor of Alabama
position held	Edmund Grindal (c. 1519 -- 6 July 1583) was an English Protestant leader who successively held the posts of Bishop of London, Archbishop of York and Archbishop of Canterbury during the reign of Elizabeth I of England.	Edmund Grindal	Archbishop of York	Archbishop of Canterbury
position held	Maria Ruud (born 1961) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives who represented District 42A, which includes portions of western Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metropolitan area.	Maria Ruud	member of the Minnesota House of Representatives
position held	Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella was a consul of the Roman Republic in 81 BC, with Marcus Tullius Decula, during the dictatorship of Sulla.	Gnaeus Cornelius Dolabella	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Joe S. Carr is a former member of the Tennessee House of Representatives, and a member of the Republican Party.	Joe S. Carr	member of the Tennessee House of Representatives
position held	Alpha Oumar Konaré (born 2 February 1946) is a former President of Mali for two five-year terms (1992 to 2002), and was Chairperson of the African Union Commission from 2003 to 2008.	Alpha Oumar Konaré	Chairperson of the African Union Commission
position held	Barbara Boyd (April 24, 1942) is a former Democratic member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the 9th District from 2007 to 2014, and the same district from 1993 until 2000.	Barbara Boyd	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Nellie Cournoyea, OC (born March 4, 1940 in Aklavik, Northwest Territories) is a Canadian politician, who served as the sixth Premier of the Northwest Territories from 1991 to 1995.	Nellie Cournoyea	Premier of the Northwest Territories
position held	Duncan Gillies (January 1834 -- 12 September 1903), Australian colonial politician, was the 14th Premier of Victoria.	Duncan Gillies	Premier of Victoria
position held	Stephen Gardiner (c. 1483 -- 12 November 1555) was an English bishop and politician during the English Reformation period who served as Lord Chancellor during the reign of Queen Mary I and King Philip.	Stephen Gardiner	bishop
position held	Robert C. Kirkwood (August 30, 1909 -- May 5, 1964) served as a member of the California State Assembly representing part of Santa Clara County from 1947 until 1953, when he resigned to accept an appointment as California State Controller by Governor Earl Warren.	Robert C. Kirkwood	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Helladius of Tarsus was a Christian bishop of Tarsus.	Helladius of Tarsus	bishop
position held	Luther von Braunschweig (also known as Lothar of Brunswick; ca. 1275 -- April 18, 1335) was the 18th Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights.	Luther von Braunschweig	Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights
position held	Ramchandra Kashinath Mhalgi, also known as Rambhau Mhalgi, was an Indian politician, a member of the Lok Sabha and a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.	Rambhau Mhalgi	member of the Lok Sabha
position held	Thomas Edward Gill (March 18, 1908 -- November 11, 1973) was a Roman Catholic titular bishop of Lambaesis and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seattle.	Thomas Edward Gill	bishop
position held	Adelmann (Latin: Adelmannus Leodiensis, Italian: Adelmanno di Liegi, French: Adelman de Liège, Dutch: Adelman van Luik, German: Adelmann von Lüttich; ?, - c. 1061, Brescia) was the bishop of Brescia, in Northern Italy, during the eleventh century.	Adelmann	bishop
position held	John V Palaiologos or Palaeologus (Greek: Ίωάννης Ε' Παλαιολόγος, Iōannēs V Palaiologos; 18 June 1332 -- 16 February 1391) was a Byzantine emperor, who succeeded his father in 1341 at age eight.	John V Palaiologos	emperor
position held	Lowell Christopher Hazel, known as Chris Hazel (born January 25, 1965), is an attorney from Pineville, Louisiana, who is a Republican member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 27, which encompasses northern Rapides Parish in the central portion of his state.	Chris Hazel	member of the Louisiana House of Representatives
position held	Ernst Heinrich Lindemann (25 January 1833 in Kirchlengern -- 8 May 1900 in Düsseldorf) was German politician and mayor of Essen, Dortmund and Düsseldorf.	Ernst Heinrich Lindemann	mayor
position held	Bernardus Papiensis (pre-1150 -- 18 September 1213) was an Italian canonist and bishop of the Christian Church.	Bernardus Papiensis	bishop
position held	Gopal Swarup Pathak (24 February 1896 -- 4 October 1982) was the fourth Vice President of India from August 1969 to August 1974.	Gopal Swarup Pathak	Vice President of India
position held	Pablo Vizcaíno Prado (born June 22, 1951 in Guatemala City), is a Guatemalan bishop.	Pablo Vizcaíno Prado	bishop
position held	Ed McBroom is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives, first elected in 2010 and re-elected to a second term in 2012.	Ed McBroom	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	Prithviraj Chavan (born 17 March 1946) is an Indian Politician who was the 17th Chief Minister of Maharashtra, a state in Western India.	Prithviraj Chavan	Chief Minister of Maharashtra
position held	Annemarie Huber-Hotz (born 16 August 1948 in Baar, Zug) was Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2000 and 2007.	Annemarie Huber-Hotz	Federal Chancellor of Switzerland
position held	William O'Dwyer (July 11, 1890 -- November 24, 1964) was the 100th Mayor of New York City, holding that office from 1946 to 1950.	William O'Dwyer	Mayor of New York City
position held	Antonio Baseotto (b. Añatuya, April 4, 1932) was a Roman Catholic bishop from Argentina.	Antonio Baseotto	bishop
position held	Sir Samuel George Bonham, 1st Baronet KCB (Chinese Translated Name 文咸 or 般咸) (7 September 1803 -- 8 October 1863) was a British colonial governor, who became the 3rd Governor of Hong Kong.	George Bonham	Governor of Hong Kong
position held	John D. Thompson, Jr. is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives.	John D. Thompson, Jr.	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Benjamin Hickox (also Benjamin Hickcox) (1686--November 17, 1745) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk, Connecticut Colony in the session of May 1728.	Benjamin Hickox	member of the Connecticut House of Representatives
position held	Tesfaye Gebre Kidan (1935? -- 2 June 2004) was an Ethiopian general who was President of Ethiopia for one week in late May 1991.	Tesfaye Gebre Kidan	President of Ethiopia
position held	Rasim Musabayov, sometimes known as Rasim Musabekov, (Azerbaijani: Rasim Musabəyov, b. 1 January 1951, Baku, Azerbaijani SSR, USSR) is a Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan, political scientist and specialist in conflict resolution.	Rasim Musabayov	Member of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan
position held	Suharto (Javanese: ꦯꦸꦲꦂꦠ; Gêdrìk: Suhartå; O-Javanese: Suharta; pronunciation ; 8 June 1921 -- 27 January 2008) was the second President of Indonesia, holding the office for 31 years from the ousting of Sukarno in 1967 until his resignation in 1998.	Suharto	President of Indonesia
position held	Todd A. Eachus served as a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives.	Todd A. Eachus	member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
position held	Archbishop Jules Mikhael Al-Jamil (Syriac: ܝܘܠܝܘܣ ܡܝܟܐܝܠ ܓܡܝܠ, Arabic: يوليوس ميخائيل الجميل‎) (November 18, 1938 -- December 3, 2012) was the Syriac Catholic titular archbishop of Tagritum and the auxiliary bishop.	Jules Mikhael Al-Jamil	archbishop
position held	August Heinrich Lehmann (May 29, 1842- ?) was an American restaurateur from Hustisford, Wisconsin who served a single one-year term as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Dodge County.	August Heinrich Lehmann	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Manuel Isidoro Belzu Humerez (14 April 1808 -- 23 March 1865) was the 14th President of Bolivia from 1848 to 1855.	Manuel Isidoro Belzu	President of Bolivia
position held	Heinz Hohner (1907--1967) was the mayor of Augsburg, Germany, between 1946 and 1947.	Heinz Hohner	mayor
position held	Meles Zenawi Asres (Ge'ez: መለስ ዜናዊ አስረስ mäläs zenawi asräs listen ; 9 May 1955 -- 20 August 2012, born Legesse Zenawi Asres) was the Prime Minister of Ethiopia from 1995 until his death in 2012.	Meles Zenawi	Prime Minister of Ethiopia
position held	Peter F. Leuch (December 1, 1882 -- ?) was an American lawyer from Milwaukee who served as that city's city clerk, and served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Peter F. Leuch	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Corrado Sanguineti (born 7 November 1964) is, from 16 November 2015, the elected bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pavia.	Corrado Sanguineti	bishop
position held	Cleveland Dear, Sr. (August 22, 1888 -- December 30, 1950), was a two-term U.S. representative for Louisiana's 8th congressional district, since disbanded, a district attorney, a state court judge, and a candidate in 1936 for governor of Louisiana.	Cleveland Dear	district attorney
position held	Michelle G. Schneider is a former Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 35th District from 2001--2008, and at a time serving as Majority Whip.	Michelle G. Schneider	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Francine Ruest-Jutras is a Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Drummondville, Quebec from 1987 to 2013.	Francine Ruest-Jutras	mayor
position held	George Ward Hunt (30 July 1825 -- 29 July 1877) was a British Conservative Party politician and statesman, Chancellor of the Exchequer and First Lord of the Admiralty in 1st and 2nd ministries of Benjamin Disraeli.	George Ward Hunt	Chancellor of the Exchequer
position held	Saint Felix of Como (died c. 390 AD) is venerated as the first bishop of Como, on October 8, 391.	Felix of Como	bishop
position held	Trusten Polk (May 29, 1811 -- April 16, 1876) served as both the 12th Governor of Missouri in 1857 and U.S. Senator from 1857 to 1862.	Trusten Polk	Governor of Missouri
position held	In Tam (Khmer: អ៊ិន តាំ; September 22, 1922 -- April 1, 2006) was a former Prime Minister of Cambodia.	In Tam	Prime Minister of Cambodia
position held	Dadeus Grings (born 7 September 1936) is a Roman Catholic bishop who is the current ordinary of the archdiocese of Porto Alegre.	Dadeus Grings	bishop
position held	Saint Carthage the Elder (or Carthach) was an Irish bishop and abbot in the sixth century.	Carthage the Elder	bishop	abbot
position held	Samuel Rinnah Van Sant (May 11, 1844 -- October 3, 1936) was an American politician who served in the Minnesota House of Representatives and as the 15th Governor of Minnesota.	Samuel Rinnah Van Sant	Governor of Minnesota
position held	Horace Fairbanks (March 21, 1820 -- March 17, 1888) was an American politician and the 36th Governor of Vermont from 1876 to 1878.	Horace Fairbanks	Governor of Vermont
position held	Egon Vaupel (born 15 November 1950 in Bad Endbach) is a German politician, member of the SPD, and the incumbent mayor of Marburg.	Egon Vaupel	mayor
position held	Thomas Brassey, 1st Earl Brassey GCB TD JP DL (11 February 1836 -- 23 February 1918), was a British Liberal Party politician, Governor of Victoria and founder of The Naval Annual.	Thomas Brassey, 1st Earl Brassey	Governor of Victoria
position held	Francesco Martelli was created cardinal priest in the consistory of 17 May 1706 by Pope Clement XI with the title of Sant'Eusebio.	Francesco Martelli	cardinal
position held	Nancy Jenkins is a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from the 57th district, which covers most of Lenawee County, Michigan.	Nancy Jenkins	member of the Michigan House of Representatives
position held	John of Basingstoke (d. 1252), also called John Basing was an Archdeacon of Leicester in the 13th century.	John of Basingstoke	Archdeacon of Leicester
position held	Hemming Andreas Carlgren (born 8 July 1958) is a Swedish Centre Party politician, and a former Minister for the Environment in the Swedish government.	Andreas Carlgren	Minister for the Environment
position held	David Ralston is a Republican member of the Georgia House of Representatives for the 7th district, encompassing parts of Dawson County, Fannin County, and Gilmer County.	David Ralston	member of the Georgia House of Representatives
position held	Isaac W. Patton was the 39th mayor of New Orleans (November 18, 1878 -- December 16, 1880).	Isaac W. Patton	mayor of New Orleans
position held	George J. Woerth was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	George J. Woerth	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Vincent Nguyen (born Nguyễn Mạnh Hiếu on May 8, 1966) is an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Toronto.	Vincent Nguyen	bishop
position held	Curt Hagman (born January 2, 1965) was a Republican member of the California State Assembly, representing the 55th district.	Curt Hagman	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Fernando Chui Sai On (Chinese: 崔世安; pinyin: Cuī Shì'ān; born 13 January 1957) is the current Chief Executive of Macau, he was the Secretary for Social and Cultural Affairs from 1999 to 2009.	Fernando Chui	Chief Executive of Macau
position held	Andraos Abouna (March 23, 1943 -- July 27, 2010) was the Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop of Hirta and the auxiliary bishop of the Chaldean Catholic Patriarchate of Babylon.	Andraos Abouna	bishop
position held	Veit Truchseß von Pommersfelden (died 1503) was the Prince-Bishop of Bamberg from 1501 to 1503.	Veit Truchseß von Pommersfelden	Prince-Bishop
position held	Constantin Sănătescu (January 14, 1885, Craiova -- November 8, 1947, Bucharest) was a Romanian statesman who served as the first Prime Minister of Romania after the August 23, 1944 coup, through which Romania left the Axis Powers and joined the Allies.	Constantin Sănătescu	Prime Minister of Romania
position held	Vital I Michele (or Vitale I Michiel) (died 1102) was a Doge of Venice; he was the 33rd traditional (30th historic) Doge of the Republic of Venice.	Vital I Michele	Doge of Venice
position played on team / speciality	Evgeny Katichev is a professional ice hockey defenceman who currently a free agent.	Evgeny Katichev	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Franz-Josef Vogt (born 30 October 1985) is a retired international footballer from Liechtenstein who played as a defender.	Franz-Josef Vogt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nick Niedert (born June 16, 1982 in Hudson, Iowa) is an American professional ice hockey goaltender formerly of the Jersey Rockhoppers in the Eastern Professional Hockey League (EPHL).	Nick Niedert	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Kim Dae-sung (Korean: 김대성; born May 10, 1972 South Korea) is a former South Korean footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Kim Dae-sung	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Slavomír Bališ (born 26 September 1985) is a Slovak football midfielder who recently played for the 3.	Slavomír Bališ	midfielder
present in work	Corey Stuart is a fictional character in the long-running television series, Lassie (1954--1973).	Corey Stuart	Lassie
present in work	Rocket Raccoon appeared as a prominent member in the 2008 relaunch of the superhero team Guardians of the Galaxy.	Rocket Raccoon	Guardians of the Galaxy
present in work	Barbara Havers is a fictional detective in The Inspector Lynley series created by American mystery author Elizabeth George.	Barbara Havers	Inspector Lynley series
present in work	Titania is a character in William Shakespeare's play A Midsummer Night's Dream.	Titania	A Midsummer Night's Dream
present in work	Charles Foster Kane is a fictional character and the subject of Orson Welles' 1941 film Citizen Kane.	Charles Foster Kane	Citizen Kane
present in work	Lieutenant Starbuck of the Colonial Service, played by Dirk Benedict, is a fictional character in the 1978 science fiction television series Battlestar Galactica.	Lieutenant Starbuck	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Della Alexander is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders played by Michelle Joseph from 1 March 1994 until 16 May 1995.	Della Alexander	EastEnders
present in work	Liam Butcher is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Sonny Bottomley for two months in 1998 and 1999, twins Jack and Tom Godolphin from 1999, Gavin and Mitchell Vaughan in 2002, and by Nathaniel Gleed from 2002 to 2004.	Liam Butcher	EastEnders
present in work	Hari Prasad is a fictional character from British soap opera Emmerdale, played by John Nayagam.	Hari Prasad	Emmerdale
present in work	Karen McCluskey is a fictional character on the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.	Karen McCluskey	Desperate Housewives
present in work	Vesper Lynd is a fictional character featured in Ian Fleming's 1953 James Bond novel Casino Royale.	Vesper Lynd	Casino Royale
present in work	Stuart Neilson is a fictional character in the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by Martin Henderson as part of the original cast up until early 1995.	Stuart Neilson	Shortland Street
present in work	Dhrishtadyumna (Sanskrit: धृष्टद्युम्न, dhṛṣṭadyumna, lit. he who is courageous and splendorous), also known as Draupada (Sanskrit: द्रौपद, lit. son of Drupada), was the son of Drupada and brother of Draupadi and Shikhandi in the epic Mahabharata.	Dhrishtadyumna	Mahabharata
present in work	The Eleven Kingdoms is a fictional collection of nations that serve as the primary setting of the Deryni novels of Katherine Kurtz.	Eleven Kingdoms	Deryni novels
present in work	Dominique Deveraux (born Millie Cox; formerly Lloyd) is a fictional character on the American TV series Dynasty and its spin-off The Colbys.	Dominique Deveraux	Dynasty
present in work	Detective Axel Foley is a fictional character, portrayed by Eddie Murphy, and is the protagonist of the Beverly Hills Cop film series.	Axel Foley	Beverly Hills Cop
present in work	Katy Armstrong is a fictional character from the British television soap opera, Coronation Street, played by Georgia May Foote.	Katy Armstrong	Coronation Street
present in work	Nowzar (Persian: نُوذَر‎) is a character in Shahnameh.	Nowzar	Shahnameh
present in work	Evangeline Williamson is a fictional character on the ABC soap opera, One Life to Live.	Evangeline Williamson	One Life to Live
present in work	Kenard is a fictional young drug dealer on the HBO drama series The Wire, portrayed by Thuliso Dingwall.	Kenard	The Wire
present in work	Stacey Sutton is a fictional character in the 1985 James Bond film A View to a Kill.	Stacey Sutton	A View to a Kill
present in work	Michelle Dessler is a fictional character played by Reiko Aylesworth on the television series, 24.	Michelle Dessler	24
present in work	Dr. Zara Carmichael MBBS BSc MD FRCS (born Alex Grey) is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors, played by Elisabeth Dermot-Walsh.	Zara Carmichael	Doctors
present in work	David Brandner is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love) portrayed by actor Sven Koller from September 11, 2008 to June 15, 2010.	David Brandner	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Thomas ``Herc'' Hauk is a fictional character on the HBO drama The Wire played by actor Domenick Lombardozzi.	Herc	The Wire
present in work	Livia Soprano (née Pollio), played by Nancy Marchand, is a fictional character on the HBO TV series The Sopranos.	Livia Soprano	The Sopranos
present in work	Atikaya (Tamil: Atikayan, Malay: Trikaya) was the son of Ravana and his wife Danyamalini in the Ramayana epic.	Atikaya	Ramayana
present in work	Amanda Rollins is a fictional character on the NBC police procedural drama Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, portrayed by Kelli Giddish.	Amanda Rollins	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
present in work	Rakhsh (in Persian: رخش‎ meaning luminous) is the stallion of protagonist Rostam in the Persian national epic, Shahnameh of Ferdowsi.	Rakhsh	Shahnameh
present in work	Annie Palmer is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders, played by Nadia Sawalha, from 5 May 1997 to 10 June 1999.	Annie Palmer	EastEnders
present in work	Floss McPhee is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away played by actress Sheila Kennelly.	Floss McPhee	Home and Away
present in work	Marshall Eriksen is a fictional character on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, portrayed by Jason Segel.	Marshall Eriksen	How I Met Your Mother
present in work	Xue Baochai (Chinese: 薛寶釵; Pinyin: Xuē Bǎochāi; literally ``Precious Chai'' and her surname is a homophone with ``Snow'') is one of the principal characters in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Xue Baochai	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Kyle Broflovski (sometimes spelled Broslovski, Broslofski, Brovlofski or Broflofski) is a main character in the Comedy Central series South Park.	Kyle Broflovski	South Park
present in work	Samuel Sullivan, portrayed by Robert Knepper, is a fictional character on the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes, being the primary antagonist of Volume 5:	Samuel Sullivan	Heroes
record label	Low Country Blues is eleventh studio album by Gregg Allman, released through Rounder Records on January 18, 2011.	Low Country Blues	Rounder Records
record label	``You Keep Me Hangin' On'' was originally recorded by The Supremes for the Motown label.	You Keep Me Hangin' On	Motown
record label	Airtight's Revenge is the second studio album by American recording artist Bilal, released September 6, 2010, on independent record label Plug Research.	Airtight's Revenge	Plug Research
record label	Love Somebody Today is a 1980 album by American R&B/Soul group Sister Sledge released May 16, 1980 on Cotillion Records.	Love Somebody Today	Cotillion Records
record label	The Cookbook is the sixth studio album by American rapper Missy Elliott, released by The Goldmind Inc. and Atlantic Records on July 5, 2005, in the United States.	The Cookbook	The Goldmind Inc.	Atlantic Records
screenwriter	Twilight of Shadows (Arabic: غروب الظلال‎, Ghouroub Edhilal) is a 2014 Algerian drama film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina.	Twilight of Shadows	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
screenwriter	Dredd is a 2012 science fiction action film directed by Pete Travis and written and produced by Alex Garland.	Dredd	Alex Garland
screenwriter	Noce Blanche (English: White Wedding) is a French drama film released in 1989, directed and written by Jean-Claude Brisseau, starring Bruno Cremer and Vanessa Paradis.	Noce Blanche	Jean-Claude Brisseau
screenwriter	Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi (Tamil: சின்ன தம்பி பெரிய தம்பி),(English: Younger Brother Elder Brother) is a 1987 Tamil Romantic Comedy film directed by Manivannan.	Chinna Thambi Periya Thambi	Manivannan
screenwriter	Celtic Pride is a 1996 American comedy written by Judd Apatow and Colin Quinn, and directed by Tom DeCerchio.	Celtic Pride	Judd Apatow
screenwriter	Deep Red (original title Profondo Rosso; also known as The Hatchet Murders) is a 1975 Italian giallo film, directed by Dario Argento and co-written by Argento and Bernardino Zapponi.	Deep Red	Dario Argento	Bernardino Zapponi
screenwriter	Naan Avanillai 2 (English: I am Not Him) is a 2009 Tamil romantic mystery film directed by Selva.	Naan Avanillai 2	Selva
screenwriter	Hajji Washington (Persian: حاجی واشنگتن‎‎) is an Iranian comedy/drama film directed by Ali Hatami.	Hajji Washington	Ali Hatami
screenwriter	Hands Up or I'll Shoot (German: Hände hoch oder ich schieße) is an East German crime comedy film directed by Hans-Joachim Kasprzik, who wrote the script along with Rudi Strahl.	Hands Up or I'll Shoot	Rudi Strahl
screenwriter	Napoli piange e ride (i. e. ``Naples cries and laughs'') is a 1954 Italian musical comedy film written and directed by Flavio Calzavara and starring Luciano Tajoli and Jula De Palma .	Napoli piange e ride	Flavio Calzavara
screenwriter	Hangmen Also Die! is a 1943 noir war film directed by the Austrian director Fritz Lang and written by John Wexley from a story by Bertolt Brecht (credited as Bert Brecht) and Lang.	Hangmen Also Die!	Fritz Lang	John Wexley	Bertolt Brecht
screenwriter	Eddie Presley is a 1992 dramedy film directed by Jeff Burr and featuring Duane Whitaker in the title role.	Eddie Presley	Duane Whitaker
screenwriter	Yankee Speed is a 1924 silent film western directed by Robert N. Bradbury and starring Kenneth MacDonald.	Yankee Speed	Robert N. Bradbury
screenwriter	The Shape of Things is a 2001 play by American author and film director Neil LaBute and a 2003 American romantic drama film.	The Shape of Things	Neil LaBute
screenwriter	Dinner for One, also known as The 90th Birthday (German: Der 90. Geburtstag), is a two-hander comedy sketch written by British author Lauri Wylie for the theatre.	Dinner for One	Lauri Wylie
screenwriter	It Happened Tomorrow is a 1944 American fantasy film directed by René Clair, starring Dick Powell, Linda Darnell and Jack Oakie, and featuring Edgar Kennedy and John Philliber.	It Happened Tomorrow	René Clair
screenwriter	Maradona by Kusturica is a documentary on the life of Argentine footballer Diego Maradona, directed by the award-winning Serbian filmmaker Emir Kusturica.	Maradona by Kusturica	Emir Kusturica
screenwriter	Dawn of the World is a feature film written and directed by the Iraqi-French film director Abbas Fahdel.	Dawn of the World	Abbas Fahdel
screenwriter	Superhero Movie is a 2008 American comedy spoof film written and directed by Craig Mazin, produced by David Zucker and Robert K. Weiss, and starring Drake Bell, Sara Paxton, Christopher McDonald, and Leslie Nielsen.	Superhero Movie	Craig Mazin
screenwriter	Guardians of the Clouds (Italian: Guardiani delle nuvole) is a 2004 Italian drama film written and directed by Luciano Odorisio and starring Alessandro Gassmann, Franco Nero and Anna Galiena.	Guardians of the Clouds	Luciano Odorisio
screenwriter	Tomorrow We Move (French: Demain on déménage) is a 2004 French-Belgian comedy film directed by Chantal Akerman.	Tomorrow We Move	Chantal Akerman
screenwriter	The Mummy's Shroud is a 1967 British DeLuxe colour horror film made by Hammer Film Productions which was directed by John Gilling.	The Mummy's Shroud	John Gilling
screenwriter	Michael Jackson's Ghosts is a 1996 short film starring Michael Jackson, co-written by horror novelist Stephen King and directed by film director and special effects guru Stan Winston which could also be classified as a long-form music video.	Michael Jackson's Ghosts	Stephen King
screenwriter	The Great Dictator is a 1940 American political satire comedy-drama film written, directed, produced, scored by and starring Charlie Chaplin, following the tradition of many of his other films.	The Great Dictator	Charlie Chaplin
screenwriter	Tsili is a 2014 drama film directed by Amos Gitai and based on the novel of the same name by Aharon Appelfeld.	Tsili	Amos Gitai
screenwriter	Moi, un noir (literally Me, a Black, translated as I, a Negro) is a 1958 French ethnofiction film directed by Jean Rouch.	Moi, un noir	Jean Rouch
screenwriter	The Widow of Saint-Pierre (French: La veuve de Saint-Pierre) is a 2000 film by Patrice Leconte with Juliette Binoche, Daniel Auteuil and Emir Kusturica.	The Widow of Saint-Pierre	Patrice Leconte
screenwriter	Last Pair Out (Swedish: Sista paret ut), is a 1956 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg and written by Ingmar Bergman.	Last Pair Out	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	The 40-Year-Old Virgin is a 2005 American comedy film written, produced and directed by Judd Apatow, about a middle-aged man's journey to finally have sex.	The 40-Year-Old Virgin	Judd Apatow
screenwriter	The Stendhal Syndrome (Ital. La Sindrome di Stendhal) is a 1996 Italian horror film written and directed by Dario Argento and starring his daughter Asia Argento.	The Stendhal Syndrome	Dario Argento
screenwriter	Escape from L.A. (also known as John Carpenter's Escape From L.A.) is a 1996 American science fiction action film co-written, co-scored, and directed by John Carpenter, co-written and produced by Debra Hill and Kurt Russell, with Russell also starring as Snake Plissken.	Escape from L.A.	John Carpenter	Debra Hill
screenwriter	Dreiviertelmond (``Three Quarters Moon'') is a 2011 film based on an idea from Christian Zübert's wife İpek.	Dreiviertelmond	Christian Zübert
screenwriter	Recep İvedik 3 is a 2010 Turkish comedy film, directed by Togan Gökbakar, which stars Şahan Gökbakar as an oafish character who is attempting to combat depression following the death of his grandmother.	Recep İvedik 3	Şahan Gökbakar
screenwriter	Hustler White is a 1996 film by Bruce LaBruce and Rick Castro, a satirical black sex comedy about gay hustlers and their customers on Santa Monica Boulevard in West Hollywood, California.	Hustler White	Bruce LaBruce
screenwriter	Iligos or Ilingos (Greek: Ίλιγγος) is a 1963 Greek black and white drama film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis.	Iligos	Giannis Dalianidis
screenwriter	Captain Phantom (Italian: Capitan Fantasma) is a 1953 Italian adventure film directed by Primo Zeglio.	Captain Phantom	Primo Zeglio
screenwriter	Terrorama! (2001) is the first feature film of Dutch director Edwin Brienen.	Terrorama	Edwin Brienen
screenwriter	20 Million Miles to Earth is a 1957 American black-and-white science fiction giant monster film written by Bob Williams and Christopher Knopf from an original treatment by Charlotte Knight.	20 Million Miles to Earth	Charlotte Knight
screenwriter	Rififi (French: Du rififi chez les hommesa) is a 1955 French crime film adaptation of Auguste Le Breton's novel of the same name.	Rififi	Auguste Le Breton
screenwriter	Le Boucher (English: The Butcher) is a 1970 French thriller film written and directed by Claude Chabrol.	Le Boucher	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	The Perfect Man is a 2005 romantic comedy film directed by Mark Rosman and written by Gina Wendkos.	The Perfect Man	Gina Wendkos
screenwriter	The Red and the White (Hungarian: Csillagosok, katonák) is a 1967 film directed by Miklós Jancsó and dealing with the Russian Civil War.	The Red and the White	Miklós Jancsó
screenwriter	Rhino Season (Kurdish: وەرزی کەرگەدەن‎ ، Persian: فصل کرگدن‎‎; Fasle Kargadan) is a 2012 Iranian movie by Mij Film largely filmed in Turkey and directed by Bahman Ghobadi.	Rhino Season	Bahman Ghobadi
screenwriter	L'Herbier revived a scenario which he had written under the title La Femme de glace; when Leblanc declared this to be too abstract for her liking and for American taste, he enlisted Pierre Mac Orlan to revise it according to Leblanc's suggestions, and in its new form it became L'Inhumaine.	L'Inhumaine	Pierre Mac Orlan
screenwriter	Todo modo is a 1976 Italian drama film directed by Elio Petri.	Todo modo	Elio Petri
screenwriter	Door to Silence (Italian: Le porte del silenzio), also known as Door Into Silence, is a 1991 Italian horror film written and directed by Lucio Fulci and produced by Joe D'Amato.	Door to Silence	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	My Father and My Son (Turkish: Babam ve Oğlum) is a 2005 Turkish drama film written and directed by Çağan Irmak about a family torn apart by the 1980 Turkish coup d'état.	My Father and My Son	Çağan Irmak
screenwriter	The Thursday (Italian: Il giovedì) is a 1963 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	The Thursday	Dino Risi
screenwriter	So Sweet, So Dead (Italian: Rivelazioni di un maniaco sessuale al capo della squadra mobile, also known as The Slasher is the Sex Maniac and Penetration) is a 1972 Italian giallo film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero.	So Sweet, So Dead	Roberto Bianchi Montero
screenwriter	Schultze Gets the Blues is a 2003 film, the first directed and written by Michael Schorr.	Schultze Gets the Blues	Michael Schorr
screenwriter	The Knights of the Quest (Italian: ``I Cavalieri che fecero l'impresa'') is a 2001 Italian film directed by Pupi Avati starring Edward Furlong, Raoul Bova and Thomas Kretschmann.	The Knights of the Quest	Pupi Avati
screenwriter	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre is a 1974 American slasher film, directed and produced by Tobe Hooper, who cowrote it with Kim Henkel.	The Texas Chain Saw Massacre	Tobe Hooper	Kim Henkel
screenwriter	Mozzarella Stories is a 2011 Italian neo noir-comedy film written and directed by Edoardo De Angelis.	Mozzarella Stories	Edoardo De Angelis
screenwriter	Massacre at Central High is a 1976 horror-thriller film directed by Dutch director Rene Daalder, a protégé of Russ Meyer.	Massacre at Central High	Rene Daalder
screenwriter	The Bluejackets (Dutch: De jantjes) is a 1922 Dutch silent film directed by Maurits Binger.	The Bluejackets	Maurits Binger
screenwriter	Godzilla, King of the Monsters! is a 1956 Japanese American science fiction kaiju film co-directed by Terry O. Morse and Ishirō Honda.	Godzilla, King of the Monsters!	Terry O. Morse
screenwriter	Kisses and Hugs (Italian: Baci e abbracci) is a 1999 Italian comedy film written and directed by Paolo Virzì.	Kisses and Hugs	Paolo Virzì
screenwriter	In the City of Sylvia (Spanish: En la Ciudad de Sylvia) is a 2007 film directed by José Luis Guerín.	In the City of Sylvia	José Luis Guerín
screenwriter	Valerie and Her Week of Wonders (Czech: Valerie a týden divů) is a 1970 Czechoslovakian surrealist film directed by Jaromil Jireš and based on the 1932 novel of the same name by Vítězslav Nezval.	Valerie and Her Week of Wonders	Vítězslav Nezval
screenwriter	The Boat Is Full (German: Das Boot ist voll) is a 1981 German-language Swiss film directed by Markus Imhoof.	The Boat Is Full	Markus Imhoof
screenwriter	Mario, Maria and Mario (Italian: Mario, Maria e Mario) is a 1993 Italian drama film written and directed by Ettore Scola.	Mario, Maria and Mario	Ettore Scola
screenwriter	Raymie Muzquiz directed ``A Rugrats Chanukah'' from a script by J. David Stem and David N. Weiss.	A Rugrats Chanukah	David N. Weiss
screenwriter	The screenplay was written by John Gay based on the novel Arrow in the Sun by Theodore V. Olsen (republished as Soldier Blue after the movie was released).	Soldier Blue	John Gay
screenwriter	In the Land of Blood and Honey is a 2011 American romantic drama film written, produced, and directed by Angelina Jolie and starring Zana Marjanović, Goran Kostić, and Rade Šerbedžija.	In the Land of Blood and Honey	Angelina Jolie
screenwriter	Not One Less (Chinese: 一个都不能少; pinyin: yíge dōu bùnéng shǎo) is a 1999 drama film by Chinese director Zhang Yimou, adapted from Shi Xiangsheng's 1997 story ``A Sun in the Sky'' (Chinese: 天上有个太阳; pinyin: tiān shàng yǒu ge tàiyáng).	Not One Less	Shi Xiangsheng
screenwriter	Vacanze a Ischia (also known as Holiday Island) is a 1957 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Camerini.	Vacanze a Ischia	Mario Camerini
screenwriter	Eles não Usam Black-tie (internationally released as They Don't Wear Black-tie) is a 1981 Brazilian drama film directed by Leon Hirszman, based on Gianfrancesco Guarnieri's play of the same name.	They Don't Wear Black-tie	Leon Hirszman
screenwriter	Between Dover and Calais (French: Entre Calais et Douvres), also known as Between Calais and Dover, is an 1897 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	Between Calais and Dover	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Meet Bill (formerly known as Bill) is a 2007 comedy film written and directed by Bernie Goldmann and Melisa Wallack and starring Aaron Eckhart as the titular character, with supporting performances by Logan Lerman, Jessica Alba, Elizabeth Banks, and Timothy Olyphant.	Meet Bill	Melisa Wallack
screenwriter	Blue Movie (stylized as blue movie; aka Fuck) is a 1969 American film directed, produced, written and cinematographed by American producer Andy Warhol.	Blue Movie	Andy Warhol
screenwriter	Brotherhood of the Wolf (French: Le Pacte des loups) is a 2001 French historical horror-action film directed by Christophe Gans, written by Gans and Stéphane Cabel, starring Samuel Le Bihan, Mark Dacascos, Emilie Dequenne, Monica Bellucci, and Vincent Cassel.	Brotherhood of the Wolf	Christophe Gans
screenwriter	I'll Do Anything is a 1994 American dramedy film written and directed by James L. Brooks.	I'll Do Anything	James L. Brooks
screenwriter	Course Completed (Spanish: Asignatura aprobada) is a 1987 Spanish drama film written, produced and directed by José Luis Garci.	Course Completed	José Luis Garci
screenwriter	The Pool Hustlers (Italian: Io, Chiara e lo Scuro, ``I, Chiara and lo Scuro'') is a 1982 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Maurizio Ponzi.	The Pool Hustlers	Maurizio Ponzi
screenwriter	Sins of Rome (Italian: Spartaco, also known as Sins of Rome: Story of Spartacus, Spartacus and Spartacus the Gladiator) is a 1953 Italian epic historical drama film directed by Riccardo Freda and loosely based on the life story of Spartacus.	Sins of Rome	Riccardo Freda
screenwriter	The White Space (Italian: Lo spazio bianco) is a 2009 Italian drama film directed by Francesca Comencini.	The White Space	Francesca Comencini
screenwriter	Geliebte Clara (``Beloved Clara'') is a Franco-German-Hungarian 2008 film, directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms, her last film before her 2014 death, about the pianist Clara Schumann and her marriage with the composer Robert Schumann.	Geliebte Clara	Helma Sanders-Brahms
screenwriter	Ręce do góry (known in its subitled English version as Hands Up!) is a Polish drama film directed by Jerzy Skolimowski.	Ręce do góry	Jerzy Skolimowski
screenwriter	Fallen Art (Polish Sztuka spadania, lit. The Art of Falling) is a six-minute, animated short film written and directed by Tomasz Bagiński.	Fallen Art	Tomasz Bagiński
screenwriter	Summer with Monika (Swedish: Sommaren med Monika) is a 1953 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Summer with Monika	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	Young Törless (German: Der junge Törless) is a 1966 German film directed by Volker Schlöndorff, adapted from the autobiographical novel The Confusions of Young Törless by Robert Musil.	Young Törless	Volker Schlöndorff	Robert Musil
screenwriter	The Attack of the Giant Moussaka (French: L'Attaque de la moussaka géante; Greek: Η Επίθεση του Γιγαντιαίου Μουσακά; 1999), is a Greek science fiction parody film, produced, written and directed by Panos H. Koutras.	The Attack of the Giant Moussaka	Panos H. Koutras
screenwriter	Harry and Tonto is a 1974 road movie written by Paul Mazursky and Josh Greenfeld and directed by Mazursky.	Harry and Tonto	Paul Mazursky
screenwriter	RoboCop 3 is a 1993 American cyberpunk action film directed by Fred Dekker and written by Frank Miller and Dekker.	RoboCop 3	Fred Dekker	Frank Miller
screenwriter	Occhio, malocchio, prezzemolo e finocchio (Italian for ``Eye, evil eye, parsley and fennel'', also known as Evil Eye) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Martino.	Occhio, malocchio, prezzemolo e finocchio	Sergio Martino
screenwriter	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid is a 1982 comedy-mystery film directed by Carl Reiner.	Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid	Carl Reiner
screenwriter	The Ghost Comes Home is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and written by Richard Maibaum and Harry Ruskin.	The Ghost Comes Home	Richard Maibaum
screenwriter	A Walk in the Spring Rain (1970) is a romantic drama Eastmancolor film made by Columbia Pictures, directed by Guy Green and produced by Stirling Silliphant, from his own screenplay based on the novel by Rachel Maddux.	A Walk in the Spring Rain	Stirling Silliphant
screenwriter	Annabella's Adventure or The Adventure of Annabella (Italian:L'avventura di Annabella) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Leo Menardi and starring Fioretta Dolfi, Maurizio D'Ancora and Paola Borboni.	Annabella's Adventure	Leo Menardi
screenwriter	Kill the Umpire is a 1950 baseball comedy film starring William Bendix and Una Merkel, directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Frank Tashlin.	Kill the Umpire	Frank Tashlin
screenwriter	The Spy in Black (US: U-Boat 29) is a 1939 British film, and the first collaboration between the British filmmakers Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger.	The Spy in Black	Emeric Pressburger
screenwriter	Zero Hour! is a 1957 drama film directed by Hall Bartlett from a screenplay by Arthur Hailey, Hall Bartlett and John Champion.	Zero Hour!	Arthur Hailey
screenwriter	Le deportate della sezione speciale SS (internationally released as Deported Women of the SS Special Section, SS Special Section Women and Deported Women) is a 1976 erotic-drama film directed by Rino Di Silvestro.	Deported Women of the SS Special Section	Rino Di Silvestro
screenwriter	Kiss Me First (Italian: Prima dammi un bacio) is a 2003 Italian comedy film directed by Ambrogio Lo Giudice.	Kiss Me First	Ambrogio Lo Giudice
screenwriter	Mr. Naive (Persian: Aghaye hallou‎‎, also released as Mr. Gullible) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Dariush Mehrjui.	Mr. Naive	Dariush Mehrjui
screenwriter	Les Visiteurs (French pronunciation: ​(le vizitœʁ); English: The Visitors) is a French fantasy comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré and released in 1993.	Les Visiteurs	Jean-Marie Poiré
screenwriter	Jack and Sarah is a 1995 British romantic comedy film written and directed by Tim Sullivan and starring Richard E. Grant, Samantha Mathis, Judi Dench, Eileen Atkins, Cherie Lunghi and Ian McKellen.	Jack and Sarah	Tim Sullivan
screenwriter	Seduced and Abandoned (Italian: Sedotta e abbandonata) is an 1964 Italian film directed by Pietro Germi.	Seduced and Abandoned	Pietro Germi
screenwriter	Mario's War (Italian: La guerra di Mario) is a 2005 Italian drama film directed by Antonio Capuano.	Mario's War	Antonio Capuano
screenwriter	Prisoner of Rio is a 1988 drama film directed by Lech Majewski and starring Steven Berkoff, Paul Freeman and Peter Firth.	Prisoner of Rio	Lech Majewski
screenwriter	Little Red Flowers (Chinese: 看上去很美; pinyin: Kàn shàng qù hén měi) is a 2006 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuan.	Little Red Flowers	Zhang Yuan
screenwriter	Oz the Great and Powerful is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film directed by Sam Raimi, from a screenplay written by David Lindsay-Abaire and Mitchell Kapner with music by Danny Elfman.	Oz the Great and Powerful	David Lindsay-Abaire
screenwriter	Bajrangi Bhaijaan (English translation: Brother Bajrangi) is a 2015 Indian comedy-drama film directed by Kabir Khan.	Bajrangi Bhaijaan	Kabir Khan
screenwriter	Sounds of Sand (original title Si le vent soulève les sables, literally ``If the Wind Raises the Sands'') is a drama film directed by Marion Hänsel about a family in the Horn of Africa making a trek to find sufficient water during a drought.	Sounds of Sand	Marion Hänsel
screenwriter	L'insegnante al mare con tutta la classe (The teacher at the beach with the whole class) is a 1980 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini.	L'insegnante al mare con tutta la classe	Michele Massimo Tarantini
screenwriter	Nimirndhu Nil (English: Stand upright) is a 2014 Tamil action film written and directed by Samuthirakani featuring Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul in the lead roles.	Nimirndhu Nil	Samuthirakani
screenwriter	Spione (ˈʃpi̯oːnə) (English title: Spies, under which title it was released in the United States) is a German silent espionage thriller written and directed by Fritz Lang in 1928.	Spione	Fritz Lang
screenwriter	Transporter 2 (French: Le Transporteur 2) is a 2005 French action thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier and produced by Luc Besson.	Transporter 2	Luc Besson
screenwriter	Meghe Dhaka Tara (Bengali: মেঘে ঢাকা তারা Mēghē Ḍhākā Tārā, meaning The Cloud-Capped Star) is a 1960 film written and directed by Ritwik Ghatak, based on a social novel by Shaktipada Rajguru with the same title.	Meghe Dhaka Tara	Ritwik Ghatak
screenwriter	Attahasam (English: Defiance) is a 2004 Tamil action masala film written and directed by Saran featuring Ajith Kumar in dual lead roles with Pooja playing the female lead.	Attahasam	Saran
screenwriter	1001 Grams (Norwegian: 1001 Gram) is a 2014 Norwegian drama film written and directed by Bent Hamer.	1001 Grams	Bent Hamer
screenwriter	The African Woman (German: Die Rückkehr, Italian: L'africana, also known as The Woman from Africa) is a 1990 German-Italian-French romance-drama film directed by Margarethe von Trotta.	The African Woman	Margarethe von Trotta
screenwriter	Meschugge (English title - The Giraffe) is a 1998 German thriller film directed by Dani Levy and set during World War II. The German title roughly translates as ``crazy''.	Meschugge	Dani Levy
screenwriter	Dead Silence is a 2007 supernatural psychological horror film directed by James Wan and written by Leigh Whannell, the creators of Saw.	Dead Silence	Leigh Whannell
screenwriter	In the Park is Charlie Chaplin's fourth film released in 1915 by Essanay Films.	In the Park	Charlie Chaplin
screenwriter	Le Samouraï (French pronunciation: ​(lə samuʁaj); The Samurai, Italian: ''Frank Costello faccia d'angelo'') is a 1967 French-Italian crime film directed by French filmmaker Jean-Pierre Melville, starring Alain Delon as Jef Costello.	Le Samouraï	Jean-Pierre Melville
screenwriter	Sleeping Fires was a 1917 American silent drama film directed by Hugh Ford, and starring Pauline Frederick.	Sleeping Fires	Hugh Ford
screenwriter	Crac is a 1981 animated short film produced, written and directed by Frédéric Back.	Crac	Frédéric Back
screenwriter	And Hope to Die (French: La course du lièvre à travers les champs, Italian: La corsa della lepre attraverso i campi) is a 1972 French-Italian thriller-drama film directed by René Clément and starring Jean-Louis Trintignant and Robert Ryan.	And Hope to Die	René Clément
screenwriter	The Conviction (Italian: La condanna) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Marco Bellocchio.	The Conviction	Marco Bellocchio
screenwriter	Angels & Insects is a 1995 romance drama film directed by Philip Haas.	Angels & Insects	Philip Haas
screenwriter	Act of Violence is a 1948 American film noir directed by Fred Zinnemann and adapted for the screen by Robert L. Richards from a story by Collier Young, featuring performances by Van Heflin, Robert Ryan, and Janet Leigh.	Act of Violence	Robert L. Richards
screenwriter	Le coppie (internationally released as Man and Wife and The Couples) is a 1970 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli, Alberto Sordi and Vittorio De Sica.	Le coppie	Mario Monicelli	Alberto Sordi	Vittorio De Sica
series	Point of Impact revolves around a former Vietnam War sniper named Bob Lee Swagger or Bob 'the Nailer'.	Point of Impact	Bob Lee Swagger
series	Trials of Death is the fifth book in The Saga of Darren Shan by Darren Shan (his real name, Darren O'Shaughnessy).	Trials of Death	The Saga of Darren Shan
series	Initiate's Trial is volume nine of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.	Initiate's Trial	Wars of Light and Shadow
series	The Daleks' Master Plan is the mostly missing third serial of the third season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in twelve weekly parts from 13 November 1965 to 29 January 1966.	The Daleks' Master Plan	Doctor Who
series	``Farm Strong'' is the fourth episode of the fifth season of the American sitcom Modern Family, and the series' 100th overall.	Farm Strong	Modern Family
series	``My First Day'' is the pilot episode of the American comedy-drama Scrubs.	My First Day	Scrubs
series	Ashes of Victory is the ninth Honor Harrington novel by David Weber.	Ashes of Victory	Honor Harrington
series	Follow the Saint is a collection of three mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris, featuring the criminal and crimefighter Simon Templar, alias The Saint.	Follow the Saint	Simon Templar
series	The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace is the title of a 1976 mystery novel featuring the character of Simon Templar, alias ``The Saint''.	The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace	Simon Templar
series	``That Darn Priest'' is the season finale of the eighth season of the American sitcom Two and a Half Men and the final appearance of Charlie Sheen as Charlie Harper.	That Darn Priest	Two and a Half Men
series	Fury from the Deep is the completely missing sixth serial of the fifth season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which originally aired in six weekly parts from 16 March to 20 April 1968.	Fury from the Deep	Doctor Who
series	``Betty's Baby Bump'' is the 16th episode in the second season, and the 39th episode overall, of the American dramedy series Ugly Betty, which aired May 8, 2008.	Betty's Baby Bump	Ugly Betty
series	``Introduction to Finality'' is the 22nd episode of the third season of the American television series Community and the third season finale.	Introduction to Finality	Community
series	Midnight Tides is the fifth volume of Canadian author Steven Erikson's epic fantasy series, the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	Midnight Tides	Malazan Book of the Fallen
series	``Dwight Christmas'' is the ninth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series The Office.	Dwight Christmas	The Office
series	``Scott's Tots'' is the twelfth episode of the sixth season of the U.S. comedy series The Office and the show's 112th episode overall.	Scott's Tots	The Office
series	Dancing Stage Max was modeled after Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2 in America and Dance Dance Revolution Strike in Japan, containing the new Dance Master Mode and improved EyeToy support.	Dancing Stage Max	Dance Dance Revolution
series	``The Falcon and the D'ohman'' is the season premiere of the twenty-third season of the animated sitcom The Simpsons.	The Falcon and the D'ohman	The Simpsons
series	Woody Interruptus is the twelfth episode of Cheers 's ninth season.	Woody Interruptus	Cheers
series	``Something, Something, Something, Dark Side'' is a direct-to-video special of the animated series Family Guy which later served as the 20th episode of the show's eighth season and is part of the series' Star Wars parody trilogy Laugh It Up, Fuzzball.	Something, Something, Something, Dark Side	Family Guy
series	``Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas'' is the 42nd episode of the Disney Channel series Hannah Montana, and features the Jonas Brothers as special guest stars.	Me and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas and Mr. Jonas	Hannah Montana
series	``He's Bla-ack!'' is the twentieth episode of the twelfth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy and the 230th episode overall.	He's Bla-ack!	Family Guy
series	``As Darkness Falls'' is the sixth episode of the first season of the television series Hercules: The Legendary Journeys.	As Darkness Falls	Hercules: The Legendary Journeys
series	``Mash Off'' is the sixth episode of the third season of the American musical television series Glee, and the fiftieth overall.	Mash Off	Glee
series	``Valar Morghulis'' is the tenth and final episode of the second season of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones.	Valar Morghulis	Game of Thrones
series	``The Waters of Mars'' is the third episode of the 2008--10 specials of British science fiction television series Doctor Who, broadcast on BBC One on 15 November 2009.	The Waters of Mars	Doctor Who
series	The Locked Room (1972) is a novel by Sjöwall and Wahlöö in their detective series revolving around Martin Beck and his team.	The Locked Room	Martin Beck
series	``Something Borrowed, Someone Blue'' is the twenty-third and final episode in season 7 of the American sitcom Frasier.	Something Borrowed, Someone Blue	Frasier
series	Gray Lensman is the fourth (originally the second) book in the classic Lensman series and the second to focus on the adventures of Lensman extraordinaire Kimball Kinnison.	Gray Lensman	Lensman series
series	``The Smile Behind the Veil'' is the final episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased), starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope, and Annette Andre.	The Smile Behind the Veil	Randall and Hopkirk
series	``Something Nice Back Home'' is the tenth episode of the American Broadcasting Company's fourth season of the serial drama television series Lost and 82nd episode overall.	Something Nice Back Home	Lost
series	Fine Feathered Friend is a 1942 one-reel animated cartoon and is the 8th Tom and Jerry short released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Fine Feathered Friend	Tom and Jerry
series	``Didn't We Almost Have It All?'' is the third season finale and the 61st overall episode from the medical drama series, Grey's Anatomy.	Didn't We Almost Have It All?	Grey's Anatomy
series	``When the Spirit Moves You'' is the sixteenth episode of the popular 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	When the Spirit Moves You	Randall and Hopkirk
series	Final Impact is the third volume of John Birmingham's Axis of Time trilogy.	Final Impact	Axis of Time
series	The Way Some People Die is a detective mystery written in 1951 by Ross Macdonald, the third book featuring his private eye, Lew Archer.	The Way Some People Die	Lew Archer
series	``Suddenly Human'' is 78th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, the fourth episode of the fourth season.	Suddenly Human	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``The Germans'' is the sixth episode of the BBC sitcom Fawlty Towers.	The Germans	Fawlty Towers
series	The Renault 14 is a compact car produced by the French manufacturer Renault between 1976 and 1983.	Renault 14	compact car
series	The Spine of the World is the second book in R. A. Salvatore's book series, Paths of Darkness.	The Spine of the World	Paths of Darkness
series	Colour Scheme is a detective novel by Ngaio Marsh; it is the twelfth novel to feature Roderick Alleyn, and was first published in 1943.	Colour Scheme	Roderick Alleyn
series	``Fraudcast News'' is the 22nd and last episode of The Simpsons' fifteenth season, first aired on May 23, 2004 in the United States on the FOX network.	Fraudcast News	The Simpsons
series	``Sunday in the Park with Jorge'' is the 240th episode of NBC's legal drama Law & Order, and the 11th episode of the 11th season.	Sunday in the Park with Jorge	Law & Order
series	Vittorio the Vampire (1999) is the second novel in Anne Rice's New Tales of the Vampires series.	Vittorio the Vampire	New Tales of the Vampires
series	``Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy'' is the tenth television episode of The Simpsons' sixth season.	Grampa vs. Sexual Inadequacy	The Simpsons
series	``Mars, Bars'' is the fourteenth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars, and the fifty-eighth episode overall.	Mars, Bars	Veronica Mars
series	The Even Chance is the first of eight Hornblower television adaptations relating the exploits of Horatio Hornblower, the protagonist in a series of novels and short stories by C.S. Forester.	The Even Chance	Hornblower
series	``Enter Batgirl, Exit Penguin'', is the first episode of Season 3 of the Batman television series', first aired on ABC September 14, 1967 as its ninety-fifth episode.	Enter Batgirl, Exit Penguin	Batman
series	Ketuvim (/kətuːˈviːm, kəˈtuːvɪm/; Biblical Hebrew: כְּתוּבִים Kəṯûḇîm, ``writings'') is the third and final section of the Tanakh (Hebrew Bible), after Torah (instruction) and Nevi'im (prophets).	Ketuvim	Tanakh
series	Ten Little Wizards is a novel by Michael Kurland featuring Randall Garrett's alternate history detective Lord Darcy.	Ten Little Wizards	Lord Darcy
series	Crescent Dawn is a Dirk Pitt novel, the twenty-first of that series.	Crescent Dawn	Dirk Pitt
series	``Cold Wars'' is the seventeenth episode of the third season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes and fifty-first episode overall.	Cold Wars	Heroes
series	``The End of the Aisle'' is the twenty-second episode of the ninth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, and the 206th episode overall.	The End of the Aisle	How I Met Your Mother
series	NBA Live 98 is a basketball video game based on the National Basketball Association and the fourth installment of the NBA Live series.	NBA Live 98	NBA Live series
series	The Raw and the Cooked (1964) is the first volume from Mythologiques, a structural study of Amerindian mythology written by French anthropologist Claude Lévi-Strauss.	The Raw and the Cooked	Mythologiques
series	The Mad Woman in the Attic is the pilot episode of Cracker, divided into two parts.	The Mad Woman in the Attic	Cracker
series	``A Milhouse Divided'' is the sixth episode of The Simpsons eighth season, first aired by the Fox network on December 1, 1996.	A Milhouse Divided	The Simpsons
series	``30 Days Without an Accident'' is the premiere episode of the fourth season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on October 13, 2013.	30 Days Without an Accident	The Walking Dead
series	``Strangers on the Shore...!'' is an episode of the BBC sitcom Only Fools and Horses, first screened on 25 December 2002 as the second part of the early 2000s Christmas trilogy, the seventeenth Christmas special and the 63rd episode of the series.	Strangers on the Shore	Only Fools and Horses
series	``Amber 31422'' is the fifth episode of the third season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe.	Amber 31422	Fringe
series	``Boopa-dee Bappa-dee'' is the fifth episode of the twelfth season and the 215th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.	Boopa-dee Bappa-dee	Family Guy
series	``Dragon's Domain'' is the twenty-third episode of the first series of Space: 1999.	Dragon's Domain	Space: 1999
series	``Desperation Day'' is the 16th episode of the sixth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and the 128th episode overall.	Desperation Day	How I Met Your Mother
series	Smarty Cat is the 95th one reel animated Tom and Jerry short, created in 1955, and released on October 14, 1955 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Smarty Cat	Tom and Jerry
series	``Let Bartlet Be Bartlet'' is the 19th episode of The West Wing and first appeared on television in April 2000.	Let Bartlet Be Bartlet	The West Wing
series	``That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana'' is a crossover episode of the Disney Channel sitcoms That's So Raven, The Suite Life of Zack & Cody, and Hannah Montana.	That's So Suite Life of Hannah Montana	That's So Raven
series	``Run!'' is the fifteenth episode of the first season of the NBC science fiction drama series Heroes.	Run!	Heroes
series	Sorry Safari is a Tom and Jerry animated short film, released on October 12, 1962.	Sorry Safari	Tom and Jerry
series	``Ties of Blood and Water'' is an episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, the nineteenth episode of the fifth season.	Ties of Blood and Water	Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
series	Crack'd Pot Trail is the fourth novella by Canadian author Steven Erikson in his Malazan Book of the Fallen series.	Crack'd Pot Trail	Malazan Book of the Fallen
series	``The Road to Hamelin'' is the thirty-eighth episode of the American television drama series The Killing, which aired on August 4, 2013, as the second of a two-part season finale.	The Road to Hamelin	The Killing
series	``The Adventure of the Creeping Man'' (1923) is one of 12 Sherlock Holmes short stories (56 total) by Arthur Conan Doyle in The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes first published in Strand Magazine October 1921 - April 1927.	The Adventure of the Creeping Man	The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes
series	The Final Reflection is a 1984 Star Trek tie-in novel by John M. Ford which emphasizes developments of Klingon language and culture.	The Final Reflection	Star Trek
series	``Assassins Inc.'' is the second episode of season one of the BBC technological thriller, Bugs.	Assassins Inc.	Bugs
series	A Day in Beaumont is the first segment of the twenty-fourth episode of the first season (1985--86) of the television series The Twilight Zone.	A Day in Beaumont	The Twilight Zone
series	By the Light of the Study Lamp is the first book in The Dana Girls detective series, originally produced by the Stratemeyer Syndicate.	By the Light of the Study Lamp	The Dana Girls
sport	SC Energija is a Lithuanian ice hockey team that plays in the Lithuanian Hockey League.	SC Energija	ice hockey
sport	Trained as a lawyer, Carmelo Camet gained his training and love for fencing at an early age from his father.	Carmelo Camet	fencing
sport	The 2010 Claxton Shield was the 57th Claxton Shield tournament, the premier baseball competition in Australia, and was held from 6 November 2009 to 7 February 2010.	2010 Claxton Shield	baseball
sport	The 1998 Japan Open Tennis Championships was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Japan Open Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	NHL Hockey (titled EA Hockey outside North America) is an ice hockey game by EA Sports.	NHL Hockey	ice hockey
sport	The ACW Hardcore Championship was the top professional wrestling hardcore championship title in the American independent promotion Assault Championship Wrestling.	ACW Hardcore Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Brazilian Judo Confederation (Portuguese: Confederação Brasileira de Judô (CBJ)) is the national body responsible for managing and promoting the sport of judo in Brazil, founded on 18 March 1969 and headquartered in Rio de Janeiro.	Brazilian Judo Confederation	judo
sport	Hank Pfister (born October 9, 1953 in Bakersfield, California) is a former tennis player from the United States, who won two singles titles (1981, Maui and 1982, Newport) during his professional career.	Hank Pfister	tennis
sport	Anthony Horgan (born 15 November 1976, in Cork, Ireland) is a former Irish rugby union player, who played for Cork Constitution, Munster and Ireland.	Anthony Horgan	rugby union
sport	The Premier League Golden Glove is an annual association football award presented to the goalkeeper who has kept the most clean sheets (when a goalkeeper concedes no goals during a single match) in the Premier League.	Premier League Golden Glove	association football
sport	Daniela Dodean (born January 13, 1988 in Arad), is a Romanian professional table tennis player and European champion.	Daniela Dodean	table tennis
sport	Sporting Clube de Goa, also known as SCG, is an association football club based in the Indian state of Goa who currently participate in the I-League which is India's premier league competition in the country.	Sporting Clube de Goa	association football
sport	Šarūnas Vasiliauskas (born 27 March 1989) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player, currently playing for Vytautas Prienai-Birštonas of the Lithuanian Basketball League.	Šarūnas Vasiliauskas	basketball
sport	The one-over eliminator was introduced into One Day International cricket at the 2011 Cricket World Cup knockout stage where a game ending in a tie would be decided via a one-over eliminator.	2011 Cricket World Cup knockout stage	cricket
sport	The 2010 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament to be played on indoor hard courts.	2010 Bank Austria-TennisTrophy	tennis
sport	Jürgen Fassbender (German: Faßbender, born 28 May 1948) is a retired professional tennis player for West Germany.	Jürgen Fassbender	tennis
sport	Anthony Gaitor (born October 9, 1988) is an American football cornerback who's currently a free agent.	Anthony Gaitor	American football
sport	The 2013 Košice Open is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts.	2013 Košice Open	tennis
sport	The Ameritech Cup (known also as the Virginia Slims of Chicago and the Avon Championships of Chicago) is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament held every year from 1971 until 1997 in Chicago, Illinois in the United States.	Ameritech Cup	tennis
sport	The 2009 Tajik League was the 18th season of Tajik League, the Tajikistan Football Federation's top division of association football.	2009 Tajik League	association football
sport	The 1872 Victorian football season was an Australian rules football competition played during the winter of 1872.	1872 Victorian football season	Australian rules football
sport	Kasparov versus the World was a game of chess played in 1999 over the Internet.	Kasparov versus the World	chess
sport	Miao Miao (Chinese: 苗苗; pinyin: Miáo Miao) (born 14 January 1981, Tianjin, China) is an Australian table tennis player who represented Australia at the Sydney, Athens, Beijing and London Olympic Games.	Miao Miao	table tennis
sport	Noel Pidding (1927 -- 17 August 2013) was an Australian rugby league player.	Noel Pidding	rugby league
sport	Fuat Usta (born 3 July 1972) is an association football coach and former professional player.	Fuat Usta	association football
sport	Warren Norman (born December 30, 1990) was an American football player for the Vanderbilt Commodores.	Warren Norman	American football
sport	The China Fed Cup team represents China in Fed Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Chinese Tennis Association.	China Fed Cup team	tennis
sport	Vladimirs Mamonovs (born April 22, 1980 in Riga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Latvian professional ice hockey player.	Vladimirs Mamonovs	ice hockey
sport	Gediminas Orelik (Lithuanian: Gediminas Orelikas) (born 14 May 1990 in Šiauliai) is a professional Lithuanian basketball player for Lietuvos Rytas of the Lithuanian Basketball League (LKL).	Gediminas Orelik	basketball
sport	The 2008 NBA Europe Live Tour was a basketball exhibition tour featuring teams from the NBA, as a part of the NBA Global Games.	2008 NBA Europe Live Tour	basketball
sport	Kim Han-sung (Korean: 김한성 born November 19, 1981 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey winger.	Kim Han-sung	ice hockey
sport	Jamie Fritsch (born February 25, 1985) is an American professional ice hockey defensemen who currently plays for Braehead Clan, Scotland of the Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	Jamie Fritsch	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 FFSA Premier League is the sixth edition of the FFSA Premier League as the second level domestic association football competition in South Australia.	2011 FFSA Premier League	association football
sport	The Ethiopian Premier League is the top association football division in Ethiopia.	Ethiopian Premier League	association football
sport	Chen Meng (Chinese: 陈梦; born 15 January 1994) is a Chinese table tennis player.	Chen Meng	table tennis
sport	Povilas Tautvaišas (English: Paul Tautvaisas / Tautvaisis) (born 6 May 1916, Mogilev -- died November 1980, Chicago) was a Lithuanian-American chess master.	Povilas Tautvaišas	chess
sport	A. J. Graves (born August 15, 1985) is an American basketball player who played college basketball with the Butler University Bulldogs.	A. J. Graves	basketball
sport	Dragutin Šurbek (born August 8, 1946 in Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former table tennis player from Croatia, and is one of the most successful Croatian table tennis players ever.	Dragutin Šurbek	table tennis
sport	The WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship is a secondary title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion, the World Wrestling Council (WWC).	WWC Caribbean Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Honda Classic is a PGA Tour golf tournament that is played each spring in Florida.	The Honda Classic	golf
sport	Djibril Kante (born April 12, 1980) is an American basketball player who played professionally in Australia's National Basketball League (NBL), the Argentine National Basketball League, the Chilean Liga Nacional Movistar, Uruguay's Liga Uruguaya de Basketball and last played for LaSalle-UPB Cochabamba in Bolivia's Libobasquet.	Djibril Kante	basketball
sport	Allen Rae (born December 26, 1932 in Weyburn, Saskatchewan, Canada) is a retired Canadian basketball referee.	Allen Rae	basketball
sport	Georgy Lisitsin (Russian: Георгий Лисицын; 11 October 1909 -- 20 March 1972) was a Russian chess master.	Georgy Lisitsin	chess
sport	The International Wheelchair Basketball Federation (IWBF) is the international governing body for the sport of wheelchair basketball.	International Wheelchair Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	There are several figures linked to boxing in his family, including his late father Miguel Cotto Sr., his brother José Miguel Cotto, his second cousin Abner Cotto, and his uncle and former boxing trainer Evangelista Cotto.	Miguel Cotto	boxing
sport	The Ghanaian FA Cup, currently known as the MTN FA Cup for sponsorship purposes, is the top knockout tournament of the Ghanaian association football.	Ghanaian FA Cup	association football
sport	Damien Éloi (born 4 July 1969 in Vire, Calvados) is a French table tennis player.	Damien Éloi	table tennis
sport	Elliott Whitehead (also spelled as Elliot, born 4 September 1989) is a rugby league player who currently plays for Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League and at international level for England.	Elliott Whitehead	rugby league
sport	Mike Posma (born December 16, 1967 in Medford, New Jersey) is an American former professional ice hockey player and former head coach.	Mike Posma	ice hockey
sport	Astana Pro Team (UCI team code: AST) is a professional road bicycle racing team sponsored by the Samruk-Kazyna, a coalition of state-owned companies from Kazakhstan and named after its capital city Astana.	Astana Pro Team	road bicycle racing
sport	Armen Gyulbudaghyants (Armenian: Արմեն Գյուլբուդաղյանց), is an Armenian association football manager and former footballer.	Armen Gyulbudaghyants	association football
sport	Charlton Young (born August 15, 1971 in Miami, Florida) is an American college basketball assistant coach at Florida State and the former head coach of the Georgia Southern University Eagles men's basketball team, located in Statesboro, Georgia.	Charlton Young	basketball
sport	The Boston Marathon is an annual marathon hosted by several cities in greater Boston in eastern Massachusetts, United States.	Boston Marathon	marathon
sport	The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) is the national men's association football league in Scotland.	Scottish Professional Football League	association football
sport	The 2007 Medibank International is the 2007 tournament (115th edition) of the annually-held Medibank International tennis tournament.	2007 Medibank International	tennis
sport	The Yukon Quest 1,000-mile International Sled Dog Race, or simply Yukon Quest, is a sled dog race run every February between Fairbanks, Alaska, and Whitehorse, Yukon.	Yukon Quest	sled dog race
sport	Duško Pavasovič (also spelt Pavasović and Pavasovic; born October 15, 1976) is a Slovenian chess grandmaster.	Duško Pavasovič	chess
sport	The 2000 National Invitation Tournament was the year 2000's staging of the annual National Invitation Tournament, an NCAA college basketball competition.	2000 National Invitation Tournament	basketball
sport	The IWRG Junior de Juniors Championship is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling based promotion since February 2011.	IWRG Junior de Juniors Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Aaron Keller (アーロン・キャラー) (born March 1, 1975) is a Canadian born professional ice hockey Defenceman, currently playing for the Oji Eagles of the Asia League.	Aaron Keller	ice hockey
sport	The Milwaukee Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour, played between 1955 and 1961.	Milwaukee Open Invitational	golf
sport	Terry Pendleton started his baseball career as an Eastside Little League player, then moved on to play second baseman at Channel Islands High, then moved To Oxnard community college from 1979/80 .	Terry Pendleton	baseball
sport	The 2009 Bauer Watertechnology Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts.	2009 Bauer Watertechnology Cup	tennis
sport	Dauphines Charleroi is a Belgian women's volleyball club from Charleroi.	Dauphines Charleroi	volleyball
sport	The Iraqi Division I Basketball League is the highest professional basketball league in Iraq.	Iraqi Division I Basketball League	basketball
sport	Rugby Lyons Piacenza are an Italian rugby union club currently competing in Serie A. They are based in Piacenza in Emilia Romagna.	Rugby Lyons Piacenza	rugby union
sport	Liron Zarko (Hebrew: לירון זרקו‎; born 23 January 1981) is an Israeli professional association football player.	Liron Zarko	association football
sport	The Beast Quake was an American football play that took place during a 2011 NFL wild card playoff game between the Seattle Seahawks and the visiting New Orleans Saints, then the defending Super Bowl champions.	Beast Quake	American football
sport	The 2008 Grand Slam of Darts was the second staging of the darts tournament, the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation.	2008 Grand Slam of Darts	darts
sport	Zarina Diyas (Kazakh: Зарина Диас; born 18 October 1993) is a Kazakhstani tennis player.	Zarina Diyas	tennis
sport	Clube de Regatas Guará, commonly known as Guará, are a association football club from Guará, a satellite town just west of the Brazilian capital of Brasília.	Clube de Regatas Guará	association football
sport	Dietmar Hötger (born June 8, 1947 in Hoyerswerda) is a German judo athlete, who competed for the SC Dynamo Berlin/ Sportvereinigung (SV) Dynamo.	Dietmar Hötger	judo
sport	Trevor Lacey (born October 13, 1991) is an American professional basketball player for Consultinvest Pesaro of the Italian Serie A.	Trevor Lacey	basketball
sport	Alain Paco (born 1 March 1952 in Béziers) is a former French rugby union player and a current coach.	Alain Paco	rugby union
sport	The UNIFFAC Clubs Cup is an international club association football competition run by the Central African Football Federations' Union (French: Union des Fédérations de Football d'Afrique Centrale) known by its French acronym UNIFFAC, for clubs from Central African countries of Cameroon, Chad, Congo, DR Congo, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon.	UNIFFAC Clubs Cup	association football
sport	The Brazilian Tennis Confederation (Portuguese: Confederação Brasileira de Tênis or CBT) is the governing body of tennis in Brazil.	Brazilian Tennis Confederation	tennis
sport	Damien Borel (born June 1, 1993) is an American football defensive lineman for the Arizona Rattlers of the Arena Football League.	Damien Borel	American football
sport	The 2003 Africa Cup (officially called at those time ``Africa Top Nive'') was the fourth edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa Nine teams were admitted, but Tunisa withdrawed.	2003 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	Alan Nigel Donn (born 2 March 1962 in Maidstone) is an English former professional association football player.	Nigel Donn	association football
sport	Marios Batis (alternate spelling: Mpatis) (Greek: Μάριος Μπατης; born June 20, 1980) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Marios Batis	basketball
sport	The 1952 Yugoslav Second League season would be the 6th season of the Second Federal League (Serbo-Croatian: Druga savezna liga), the second level association football competition of SFR Yugoslavia, since its establishment in 1946.	1952 Yugoslav Second League	association football
sport	Austin Speight is an association football coach and former player.	Austin Speight	association football
sport	The Solheim Cup is a biennial golf tournament for professional women golfers contested by teams representing Europe and the United States.	Solheim Cup	golf
sport	The Greenvale Football Club is an Australian rules football club 23 km north-west of Melbourne in the suburb of Greenvale.	Greenvale Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Cem Uluğnuyan (born December 12, 1989) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner competing in the bantamweight division.	Cem Uluğnuyan	taekwondo
sport	The Chinese Figure Skating Championships (Chinese: 全国花样滑冰锦标赛) are the figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of China.	Chinese Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Rugby league nines (or simply nines) is a version of rugby league football played with nine players on each side.	Rugby league nines	rugby league
sport	Stephanie Rottier (born 22 January 1974) is a former professional Dutch tennis player.	Stephanie Rottier	tennis
sport	The 2011 Sunshine Tour is the 12th season of professional golf tournaments since the southern Africa based Sunshine Tour was relaunched in 2000, and the 5th since the tour switched a calendar based season in 2007.	2011 Sunshine Tour	golf
sport	Reuben Grice (1886--1967) was an English professional association football player who played as a winger.	Reuben Grice	association football
sport	Rimil Buriuly (born 9 January 1991) is an Indian sportswoman who competes in archery.	Rimil Buriuly	archery
sport	Anders Bastiansen (born October 31, 1980) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Frisk Asker of the Norwegian GET-ligaen and is an established member and Captain of the Norwegian National Team.	Anders Bastiansen	ice hockey
sport	The Polish Men's Volleyball Cup is an annual competition for volleyball clubs of men's volleyball in Poland.	Polish Men's Volleyball Cup	volleyball
sport	Tore Meinecke (born July 21, 1967, in Hamburg), is a former professional tennis player from West Germany.	Tore Meinecke	tennis
sport	The 1989 Nabisco Masters were tennis tournaments played on indoor carpet courts at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York, United States and at the Royal Albert Hall in London in England.	1989 Nabisco Masters	tennis
sport	The Allen County War Memorial Coliseum was originally designed to seat 8,103 for hockey or 10,240 for basketball.	Allen County War Memorial Coliseum	basketball
sport	The 2001 Africa Cup (officially called at those time ``Africa Top Six'') was the second edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa Six teams participated (South Africa with a Under-23 amateurs team).	2001 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	Sandro Nicević (born June 16, 1976 in Pula, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian professional basketball player, currently playing for Orlandina Basket in the Italian Serie A.	Sandro Nicević	basketball
sport	The Lacny or Lacny cycle is a chess problem theme named after Ľudovít Lačný, the first person to demonstrate the idea in 1949.	Lacny	chess
sport	The 21st Grey Cup game was the Canadian football championship in 1933.	21st Grey Cup	Canadian football
sport	The Super Basketball League (simplified Chinese: 超级篮球联赛; traditional Chinese: 超級籃球聯賽; pinyin: Chāojí lánqiú liánsài), often abbreviated to the SBL, is the top-tier men's semi-professional basketball league in Taiwan.	Super Basketball League	basketball
sport	The 2004 Six Nations Championship was the fifth series of the rugby union Six Nations Championship to be held since the competition expanded in 2000 to include Italy.	2004 Six Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	Jovo Damjanović (born 24 December 1996) is a Montenegrin-Qatari handball player for El Jaish and the Qatari national team.	Jovo Damjanović	handball
sport	Conrado Co is a former Filipino badminton and currently a ranking official working at the Philippine Badminton Association.	Conrado Co	badminton
sport	The Aeroflot Open is an annual open chess tournament played in Moscow and sponsored by the airline Aeroflot.	Aeroflot Open	chess
sport	Wendell Alexis (born July 31, 1964) is a retired American basketball player who played for several European clubs between 1986 and 2004, most notably for Alba Berlin, where he was voted MVP of the German Bundesliga three times during his 6-year stint.	Wendell Alexis	basketball
sport	The Oceania Cup is an international rugby union competition for countries and territories from Oceania with national teams in the developmental band.	Oceania Cup	rugby union
sport	The National Championship of Excellence is the highest tier of the national rugby union competition in Italy The first Italian championship took place in 1929, contested by six of the sixteen teams that existed in Italy at that time.	National Championship of Excellence	rugby union
sport	The Masters Tournament, also known as The Masters or The US Masters, is one of the four major championships in professional golf.	Masters Tournament	golf
sport	Severin Lüthi (born 5 January 1976) is a Swiss tennis coach and former player.	Severin Lüthi	tennis
sport	Alexander Savchenkov (Russian: Александр Савченков; born September 30, 1973 in Moscow, USSR) is a Russian ice hockey forward who is currently playing for Krylya Sovetov team in Russia.	Alexander Savchenkov	ice hockey
sport	The Torneo del Interior is an annual rugby union competition in Argentina.	Torneo del Interior	rugby union
sport	Mickaël Toti (born April 11, 1987 in Ivry-sur-Seine, France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs Reims,Clermont and Rouen from 2003-2009.	Mickaël Toti	basketball
sport	Jan Snijders started with judo in 1954.	Jan Snijders	judo
sport	The 2013 World Draughts Championship match at the international draughts was held May 12--18, 2013 in Tallinn, Estonia International Draughts Federation FMJD between the actual World Champion Alexander Georgiev (Russia) and the challenger Alexander Schwartzman (Russia).	2013 World Draughts Championship match	draughts
sport	Ivan Andreadis (3 April 1924- 27 October 1992) was a former Czechoslovak table tennis player.	Ivan Andreadis	table tennis
sport	The 2014 Inter-Provincial Championship is the second season of the Inter-Provincial Championship, the domestic three-day (though not officially first-class) cricket competition of Ireland.	2014 Inter-Provincial Championship	cricket
sport	Lilia Osterloh (born April 7, 1978) is a retired tennis player from the United States, who started a professional career in August 1997.	Lilia Osterloh	tennis
sport	Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships is an international water polo tournament held every two years as part of the FINA World Aquatics Championships.	Water polo at the World Aquatics Championships	water polo
sport	The FedEx St. Jude Classic is a professional golf tournament in Memphis, Tennessee, a regular event on the PGA Tour.	St. Jude Classic	golf
sport	The 2013 Web.com Tour was the 24th season of the top developmental tour for the U.S. PGA Tour in men's golf, and the second under the current sponsored name of Web.com Tour.	2013 Web.com Tour	golf
sport	The 2015 PBZ Zagreb Indoors was an ATP tennis tournament played on hard courts indoors.	2015 PBZ Zagreb Indoors	tennis
sport	Aristidis Akratopoulos (Greek: Αριστείδης Ακρατόπουλος) was a Greek tennis player.	Aristidis Akratopoulos	tennis
sport	László Polgár (born 11 May 1946 in Gyöngyös), is a Hungarian chess teacher and educational psychologist.	László Polgár	chess
sport	The 1987 Masters (also known as the 1987 Nabisco Masters for sponsorship reasons) was a men's tennis tournament held in Madison Square Garden, New York City, United States between 30 November and 4 December 1987.	1987 Nabisco Masters	tennis
sport	ESPN Baseball Tonight is a baseball video game for the PC, Super NES, Sega Genesis, and Sega CD.	ESPN Baseball Tonight	baseball
sport	Blacktown Baseball Stadium is a baseball facility located in Rooty Hill, a suburb in Sydney, Australia.	Blacktown Baseball Stadium	baseball
sport	The Emerald Coast Barracudas were a women's American football team in the Women's Football Alliance.	Emerald Coast Barracudas	American football
sport	Nîmes Olympique (commonly referred to as simply Nîmes) is a French association football club based in Nîmes.	Nîmes Olympique	association football
sport	TSV Buchholz 08 is a German association football club from the town of Buchholz in der Nordheide near Hamburg.	TSV Buchholz 08	association football
sport	Izaak Towbin (1899, Korets, Volhynia -- 1941, Warsaw) was a Polish chess master and organizer.	Izaak Towbin	chess
sport	The Johnstown Jets were a professional ice hockey team from Johnstown, Pennsylvania.	Johnstown Jets	ice hockey
sport	NK Rudar 47 is a Croatian association football club founded in 1947 and based in the village of Donje Ladanje near Maruševec in Varaždin County.	NK Rudar 47	association football
sport	Makoto Kawashima (川島 誠), born May 2, 1979, is a Japanese professional ice hockey Defenceman playing for the Oji Eagles of the Asia League.	Makoto Kawashima	ice hockey
sport	Roberto Chiacig (born 1 December 1974 in Cividale del Friuli, Italy) is an Italian professional basketball player for Gecom Mens Sana 1871 Siena of the Serie B Basket.	Roberto Chiacig	basketball
sport	The 1999 IFAF World Championship was the inaugural IFAF World Championship, an international American football championship run by the International Federation of American Football (IFAF).	1999 IFAF World Championship	American football
sport	Minke Smeets (née Smabers; born March 22, 1979 in The Hague, South Holland) is a field hockey midfielder from the Netherlands.	Minke Smeets	field hockey
sport	The Mohammad Nissar Trophy was an annual first class cricket competition which takes place in Feroz Shah Kotla, New Delhi, India from 15 to 18 September 2008.	Nissar Trophy	cricket
sport	The 2014 European Track Championships (under-23 & junior) were the 14th continental championships for European under-23 and junior track cyclists, and the 5th since the event was renamed following the reorganisation of European track cycling in 2010.	2014 European Track Championships (under-23 & junior)	track cycling
sport	Carl Dwayne Norris (born January 8, 1970 in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador) is a former professional ice hockey player.	Dwayne Norris	ice hockey
sport	The Cambridgeshire Cats are an American football team competing in Division 1 of the BAFA National Leagues (BAFA NL), with their home games played at Coldhams Common in Cambridge.	Cambridgeshire Cats	American football
sport	Nigel Sears (born 4 April 1957) is a British tennis coach, best known for coaching former top five players Amanda Coetzer, Daniela Hantuchová and Ana Ivanovic during his long career.	Nigel Sears	tennis
sport	The Adriatic Water Polo League, commonly known as the Adriatic League, is a regional professional water polo league that originally featured clubs from Croatia, Montenegro and Slovenia.	Adriatic Water Polo League	water polo
sport	Jarkko Immonen (born April 19, 1982) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the EV Zug of the National League A.	Jarkko Immonen	ice hockey
sport	The 2015 Ladies European Tour is a series of golf tournaments for elite female golfers from around the world, which takes place from February through December 2015.	2015 Ladies European Tour	golf
sport	John Van Kessel (born December 19, 1969 in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey player.	John Van Kessel	ice hockey
sport	FC Remscheid is a German association football club from Remscheid, North Rhine-Westphalia formed on 1 July 1990 out of the merger of BV Lüttringhausen and VfB Marathon Remscheid.	FC Remscheid	association football
sport	Billy Stead, born John William Stead, (18 September 1877 -- 21 July 1958) was a rugby union player born in Invercargill who played for New Zealand, the All Blacks, on their 1905--06 tour.	Billy Stead	rugby union
sport	PFC Beroe Stara Zagora (Bulgarian: ПФК Берое Стара Загора) or simply Beroe (Bulgarian: Берое) is a Bulgarian association football club based in Stara Zagora, which currently competes in A Football Group, the top division of the Bulgarian football league system.	PFC Beroe Stara Zagora	association football
sport	Dick Versace(Edwin ) (born April 16, 1940) is a former basketball coach and National Basketball Association executive.	Dick Versace	basketball
sport	Vicente Almirall Castell (27 February 1904 in Barcelona - ?) was a Spanish chess player, coach and referee who reached the rank of National Master.	Vicente Almirall Castell	chess
sport	Jimmy Roy (born September 22, 1975 in Sioux Lookout, Ontario) was a Canadian ice hockey player for the Manitoba Moose of the International Hockey League and American Hockey League from 1997 to 2006.	Jimmy Roy	ice hockey
sport	FSV Hollenbach is a German association football club from district of Hollenbach in Mulfingen, Baden-Württemberg.	FSV Hollenbach	association football
sport	Artūras Andrulis (Americanized his name as Adolfas Andrulis; April 10, 1922 -- July 3, 1981) was a soldier and Lithuanian basketball player.	Artūras Andrulis	basketball
sport	Sandwell Borough F.C. was an English association football club.	Sandwell Borough F.C.	association football
sport	Brion Rush (born November 15, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Sutjeska of the ABA League and the Montenegrin League.	Brion Rush	basketball
sport	The Māori All Blacks, previously called the New Zealand Māori, is a rugby union team from New Zealand.	Māori All Blacks	rugby union
sport	Marko Jošilo (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Јошило, born 16 October 1992) is a Serbian-Bosnian professional basketball player, currently playing as a forward for Metalac Farmakom of the Basketball League of Serbia.	Marko Jošilo	basketball
sport	Yanick Lehoux (born April 8, 1982 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Yanick Lehoux	ice hockey
sport	Jake White (born 13 December 1963 as Jacob Westerduin) is a rugby union coach and former coach of the South African national team -- the Springboks -- whom he coached to victory in 2007 Rugby World Cup and the 2004 Tri Nations.	Jake White	rugby union
sport	The FIBA Europe Young Men's Player of the Year Award is an annual award given by FIBA Europe, the European division of FIBA, the international governing body of the sport of basketball, to the best basketball player with European citizenship, aged 22 and under of the year.	FIBA Europe Young Men's Player of the Year Award	basketball
sport	Doctor John Colin Gregory (28 July 1903 -- 10 January 1959) was an amateur British tennis player, best remembered for winning the Australian Open in 1929.	Colin Gregory	tennis
sport	The Tunisian Super Cup is a Tunisian association football competition, which takes place in an annual match between the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1 champion team and the winners of the Tunisian Cup.	Tunisian Super Cup	association football
sport	The USSR Chess Federation (Russian: Шахматная федерация СССР - Shakhmatnaya fyedyeratsiya SSSR) was the national organism for chess in the USSR.	USSR Chess Federation	chess
sport	The 2010 Green Soccer Bowl was a proposed an association football tournament.	2010 Green Soccer Bowl	association football
sport	Northcote Cricket Club is an Australian cricket team competing in the Victorian Premier Cricket competition.	Northcote Cricket Club	cricket
sport	The 2013 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational was a professional golf tournament played August 1--4 on the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio.	2013 WGC-Bridgestone Invitational	golf
sport	Pitch and putt is an amateur sport similar to golf but where the hole length is typically less than 70 metres (80 yd).	Pitch and putt	golf
sport	The 2010 European Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Eindhoven and Veldhoven, Netherlands from July 20 to 24, 2010.	2010 European Youth Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Elton Flatley (born 7 May 1977, Tamworth, New South Wales) is a former Australian international rugby union footballer.	Elton Flatley	rugby union
sport	The 1999 Salem Open was a men's tennis tournament played on Hard courts in Hong Kong that was part of the International Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.	1999 Salem Open	tennis	tennis	tennis
sport	The 2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup was a rugby union competition held between six Pacific Rim sides;	2007 IRB Pacific Nations Cup	rugby union
sport	The Basketball League of Serbia (Serbian: Кошаркашка лига Србије, Košarkaška liga Srbije), abbreviated as KLS, is the highest men's professional club basketball competition in Serbia.	Basketball League of Serbia	basketball
sport	The Coppa del Mediterraneo was a summer association football friendly tournament that took place in Genoa, Italy, from 1990 to 1994.	Coppa del Mediterraneo	association football
sport	André Boniface (born August 14, 1934 in Montfort-en-Chalosse) is a former international rugby union player for France.	André Boniface	rugby union
sport	Gruppo Sportivo Oratorio Villa Cortese is an Italian volleyball club based in Villa Cortese in the Province of Milan.	Gruppo Sportivo Oratorio Villa Cortese	volleyball
sport	The Oklahoma City Lightning is a full-contact women's American football team in the Women's Spring Football League based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Oklahoma City Lightning	American football
sport	Slobodan Šljivančanin (born May 1, 1972 in Nikšić) is a former basketball player.	Slobodan Šljivančanin	basketball
sport	The 1996 CA-TennisTrophy was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna in Austria and was part of the Championship Series of the 1996 ATP Tour.	1996 CA-TennisTrophy	tennis
sport	The FIBA World Rankings are FIBA's rankings of national basketball teams.	FIBA World Rankings	basketball
sport	Asian Fencing Championships is the fencing zonal championship organized by the Asian Fencing Confederation for the Asia-Oceania zone.	Asian Fencing Championships	fencing
sport	Semo Sititi (born 6 March 1974) is a rugby union footballer in Samoa.	Semo Sititi	rugby union
sport	Royal Troon Golf Club is a links golf course located in Troon, South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Royal Troon Golf Club	golf
sport	The 2011 SA Tennis Open was a men's tennis tournament to be played on hard courts indoors.	2011 SA Tennis Open	tennis
sport	The Adelaide Bite are a professional baseball team who plays in the Australian Baseball League and is one of the six founding teams of the league.	Adelaide Bite	baseball
sport	The PGA Championship (sometimes, especially outside of the United States, referred to as the U.S. PGA Championship or U.S. PGA) is an annual golf tournament conducted by the Professional Golfers Association of America.	PGA Championship	golf
sport	Uniprix Stadium (French: Stade Uniprix) is the main tennis court at the Canada Masters tournament in Montreal, Quebec.	Uniprix Stadium	tennis
sport	Sander van Heeswijk is a Dutch field hockey player.	Sander van Heeswijk	field hockey
sport	Henk Temmink (11 June 1952, Elsloo, Limburg) is a Dutch chess player.	Henk Temmink	chess
sport	Nikola Malešević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Малешевић, born 25 August 1989) is a Serbian professional basketball player, currently playing as a forward for Steaua București of the Romanian League.	Nikola Malešević	basketball
sport	The 1993 Open 13 was a tennis tournament played on carpet courts and held in Marseille, France.	1993 Open 13	tennis
sport	Trideep Rai is an Indian professional basketball player.	Trideep Rai	basketball
sport	Zsófia Gubacsi (born 6 April 1981) is a former Hungarian professional tennis player.	Zsófia Gubacsi	tennis
sport	The 2007 ATP Buenos Aires was a professional men's tennis tournament that was played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	2007 ATP Buenos Aires	tennis
sport	Duncan Oughton (born 14 June 1977 in Karori) is a retired New Zealand association football player.	Duncan Oughton	association football
sport	Brian O'Hanley (born December 18, 1984) is an American former professional ice hockey player who last played for the San Antonio Rampage in the American Hockey League (AHL).	Brian O'Hanley	ice hockey
sport	The 1995 Monte Carlo Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts and took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco.	1995 Monte Carlo Open	tennis
sport	Christelle Diallo (born March 12, 1993 in Issy-Les-Moulineaux, France) is a French basketball player who plays for club Bourges basket of the League feminine de basket the top basketball league for women in France.	Christelle Diallo	basketball
sport	Michael Khodarkovsky (Odessa, USSR, July 21, 1958) is an American chess player, Chess Master and FIDE Senior Trainer.	Michael Khodarkovsky	chess
sport	Jennifer Derevjanik (born on March 29, 1982 in Staten Island, New York) is an American professional basketball player.	Jennifer Derevjanik	basketball
sport	Mark Dillard (born December 5, 1986 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a former American football safety.	Mark Dillard	American football
sport	The 1985 GWA Mazda Tennis Classic was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Brisbane in Australia and was part of the 1985 Nabisco Grand Prix.	1985 GWA Mazda Tennis Classic	tennis
sport	Paul Gallen (born 14 August 1981) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer and heavyweight boxer who currently captains the Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks of the National Rugby League as well as the New South Wales State of Origin team.	Paul Gallen	rugby league
sport	Champion Stadium is a 9,500 seat baseball stadium located at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex in the Walt Disney World Resort.	Champion Stadium	baseball
sport	Hu Weidong (simplified Chinese: 胡卫东; traditional Chinese: 胡衛東; pinyin: Hú Wèidōng; born January 3, 1970 in Xuzhou, Jiangsu) is a former Chinese basketball player, a 6'6``, 192 lb. guard.	Hu Weidong	basketball
sport	Brigadier Richard Gustavus Hamilton-Russell (4 February 1909 -- 2 March 1999) was an Irish peer, soldier and polo player.	Richard Gustavus Hamilton-Russell	polo
sport	Chris Robshaw (born 4 June 1986) is an English rugby union player.	Chris Robshaw	rugby union
sport	Loann Goujon ((lo.an ɡu.ʒɔ̃); born 23 April 1989) is a French rugby union player.	Loann Goujon	rugby union
sport	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley, billed as ``Destiny'', was a professional boxing match contested on June 17, 2000 for the WBC, IBA (both held by De La Hoya) and the vacant lineal welterweight championships.	Oscar De La Hoya vs. Shane Mosley	boxing
sport	SpVgg Greuther Fürth (German pronunciation: (ˈɡʁɔʏ̯tɐ ˈfʏʁt)) is a German association football club based in Fürth, Bavaria.	SpVgg Greuther Fürth	association football
sport	Ebi Ere (pronounced Ebby Erah; born August 2, 1981) is an American-Nigerian professional basketball player who currently plays for Adelaide 36ers of the National Basketball League (NBL).	Ebi Ere	basketball
sport	Adam Huxley (born November 4, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey enforcer.	Adam Huxley	ice hockey
sport	Portuguese Handball Super Cup or ``Supertaça de Portugal de Andebol'' is a professional handball competition, played between the Champion of the Liga Portuguesa de Andebol and the winner of the Cup or against the finalist of the Cup if the same team win both competitions.	Portuguese Handball Super Cup	handball
sport	The 2006 Africa Cup was the seventh edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa.	2006 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	Anthony Kimlin (born 20 January 1990) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing for the Whitby Dunlops in the Allan Cup Hockey league.	Anthony Kimlin	ice hockey
sport	Ioannis Athinaiou (alternate spellings: Giannis, Yiannis, Yannis, Athineou, Athinaioy) (Greek: Γιάννης Αθηναίου; born May 27, 1988) is a Greek professional basketball player for Olympiacos of the Greek Basket League.	Ioannis Athinaiou	basketball
sport	Arvesta Kelly (born November 20, 1945) is an American retired basketball player.	Arvesta Kelly	basketball
sport	The 1978 Pacific Southwest Open, also known under its sponsorship name 1978 ARCO Open, was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Pauley Pavilion in Los Angeles, California in the United States.	1978 Pacific Southwest Open	tennis
sport	Uroš Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Ковачевић) (born 6 May 1993) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and Italian club Calzedonia Verona, European Champion 2011.	Uroš Kovačević	volleyball
sport	FC Chita is a Russian association football club based in Chita that currently plays in the Russian Professional Football League.	FC Chita	association football
sport	The ITF Men's Circuit is a series of professional tennis tournaments held around the world that are organized by the International Tennis Federation.	ITF Men's Circuit	tennis
sport	The 2001 Copa AT&T was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina that was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 Copa AT&T	tennis
sport	Beecroft Rugby Club is an amateur rugby union club which fields five Grade teams and two Colts teams in the Premier 1st Division of the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union.	Beecroft Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The Golf Union of Wales (Welsh: Undeb Golff Cymru) (GUW) is the national governing body of amateur golf in Wales.	Golf Union of Wales	golf
sport	Helsinki Wolverines is a Finnish club of American football.	Helsinki Wolverines	American football
sport	Paul Baier (born February 2, 1985) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who mainly played in the American Hockey League (AHL).	Paul Baier	ice hockey
sport	Pierre Henri Landry (14 June 1899 -- 1990) was a Russian-born French international tennis player.	Pierre Henri Landry	tennis
sport	Elena Abramovich (Belarusian: Алена Абрамовіч; Russian: Елена Абрамович; born 18 July 1981 in Minsk) is a Belarusian handball goalkeeper who plays for Ferencvárosi TC and the Belarusian national team.	Elena Abramovich	handball
sport	Uroš Marović (4 July 1946 -- 23 January 2014) was a Serbian water polo player notable for winning a gold medal in Mexico City in 1968, with the Yugoslavian water polo team.	Uroš Marović	water polo
sport	The Rose City Wildcats were a women's professional American football team based in Portland, Oregon.	Rose City Wildcats	American football
sport	Marek Karbarz (born 22 July 1950) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1969-1979, Olympic Champion 1976, World Champion 1974, silver medalist of the European Championship 1977.	Marek Karbarz	volleyball
sport	The Bartercard Gold Coast Blue Tongues, formerly known as the Brisbane Blue Tongues are a semi-professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League that is currently on hiatus.	Gold Coast Blue Tongues	ice hockey
sport	Horatio Pintea is a Canadian table tennis player.	Horatio Pintea	table tennis
sport	Interserie is the name of a European-based motorsport series started in 1970 that allows for a wide variety of racing cars from various eras and series to compete with less limited rules than in other series.	Interserie	motorsport
sport	Hyun-soo Kim (Hangul: 김현수; born January 12, 1988) is a South Korean professional baseball outfielder for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball.	Hyun-soo Kim	baseball
sport	Samuel Sevian (born December 26, 2000) is an American chess prodigy.	Samuel Sevian	chess
sport	Róbert Petrovický (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈroːbɛrt ˈpɛtrovɪtskiː); born 26 October 1973) is a Slovak professional ice hockey right winger.	Róbert Petrovický	ice hockey
sport	Thomas Roussel (born November 22, 1985 in Amiens) is a professional French ice hockey defenceman who played at the 2009 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men's ice hockey team.	Thomas Roussel	ice hockey
sport	Georges Gault was a tennis player competing for France.	Georges Gault	tennis
sport	The Portland LumberJax (sometimes referred to as the Jax) were a professional lacrosse team in the National Lacrosse League (NLL), which started playing in the 2006 season and ended operations after the 2009 season.	Portland LumberJax	lacrosse
sport	Yorane Julians (born May 22, 1981 in Massy, Essonne, France) is a French basketball player who played 34 games for French Pro A league club Chalons en Champagne during the 2004-2005 season.	Yorane Julians	basketball
sport	Aleksej Nešović (Serbian: Алексеј Нешовић; born March 14, 1985) is a Bosnian-Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Kožuv of the Macedonian League.	Aleksej Nešović	basketball
sport	John Ray Eddy (April 13, 1911 -- September 20, 1986) was an American college basketball coach and former player.	Ray Eddy	basketball
sport	Glenelg Football Club is an Australian rules football team, which plays in the South Australian National Football League.	Glenelg Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The 2007 USA Cycling Professional Tour is the inaugural year of a professional road bicycle racing series organized by USA Cycling.	2007 USA Cycling Professional Tour	road bicycle racing
sport	The 2013 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships is a long track speed skating event that was held in January 26--27, 2013, in the Utah Olympic Oval, in Salt Lake City, United States.	2013 World Sprint Speed Skating Championships	long track speed skating
sport	The Canberra Cavalry is a professional baseball team in the Australian Baseball League.	Canberra Cavalry	baseball
sport	Sajjad Mashayekhi (Persian: سجاد مشایخی ‎‎, born March 5, 1994) is an Iranian professional basketball player.	Sajjad Mashayekhi	basketball
sport	Gerti Shima (born 6 May 1986 in Tirana) is an Albanian professional basketball player who currently plays for Kosovan side Sigal Prishtina in the Kosovo Basketball Superleague.Shima transferred for the second time to Sigal Prishtina on January 2016.	Gerti Shima	basketball
sport	Miroslav Blaťák (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪroslaf ˈblacaːk); born May 25, 1982) is a Czech professional ice hockey.	Miroslav Blaťák	ice hockey
sport	Jonathan Kale (born October 18, 1985) is an American-born Ivorian basketball player who currently plays for Lille Metropole in the French LNB Pro B. Kale was a four-year player for Providence College and started every game in his senior season, averaging a career best 10.1 PPG and 6.0 RPG.	Jonathan Kale	basketball
sport	The 2009 Little League World Series, was the championship little league baseball game and was held in South Williamsport, Pennsylvania.	2009 Little League World Series	baseball
sport	The National Basketball Players Association (the NBPA) is a labor union that represents basketball players in the National Basketball Association (NBA).	National Basketball Players Association	basketball
sport	Paris Saint-Germain Handball, better known as Paris SG or PSG, is a handball club from Paris, France, that plays in the LNH Division 1.	Paris Saint-Germain Handball	handball
sport	Hawk-Eye is a complex computer system used officially in numerous sports such as cricket, tennis, Gaelic football, badminton, hurling, and association football, to visually track the trajectory of the ball and display a record of its statistically most likely path as a moving image.	Hawk-Eye	cricket
sport	Western Force is a rugby union team based in Perth, Western Australia playing in the international Super rugby competition.	Western Force	rugby union
sport	Walter Wolf Racing was a Formula One constructor from 1977 to 1979, notable for winning the very first race the team entered.	Walter Wolf Racing	Formula One
sport	The 1940 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship was the 54th staging of the All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county hurling tournament.	1940 All-Ireland Senior Hurling Championship	hurling
sport	Jennifer Harris is a former player of the Pennsylvania State University Lady Lions basketball team.	Jennifer Harris	basketball
sport	Ben Tune (born 28 December 1976 in Brisbane) is an Australian rugby union player.	Ben Tune	rugby union
sport	The Houston Skippers were a minor league ice hockey team based in Houston, Texas.	Houston Skippers	ice hockey
sport	Ruch Chorzów (Polish pronunciation: (ˈrux ˈxɔʐuf)) is a Polish association football club based in Chorzów, Upper Silesia.	Ruch Chorzów	association football
sport	Remco van Wijk (born October 7, 1972 in Breda) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who played 242 international matches for the Netherlands, in which he scored 63 goals.	Remco van Wijk	field hockey
sport	Toivo Suursoo (born November 13, 1975) is professional ice hockey coach and player.	Toivo Suursoo	ice hockey
sport	Yunus Sarı (born January 21, 1991) is a Turkish taekwondo practitioner competing in the welterweight division.	Yunus Sarı	taekwondo
sport	Mark Vichorek (born January 5, 1963) is an American retired professional ice hockey player.	Mark Vichorek	ice hockey
sport	Gary McLain is a former American collegiate basketball player at Villanova University.	Gary McLain	basketball
sport	The 1993 Salem Open-Beijing was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts.	1993 Salem Open-Beijing	tennis
sport	Gloucester Rugby is a professional English rugby union club situated in the West Country city of Gloucester, and formed in 1873.	Gloucester Rugby	rugby union
sport	Marcos Ondruska (born 18 December 1972) is a former tennis player from South Africa, who turned professional in 1989.	Marcos Ondruska	tennis
sport	Lasse Pirjetä (born April 4, 1974 in Oulu, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Pelicans in the Finnish SM-liiga.	Lasse Pirjetä	ice hockey
sport	Marvelous Marvin Hagler vs. Thomas Hearns, billed as ``The War'' (originally billed as ``The Fight''), was a world middleweight championship boxing match between Undisputed Champion Marvin Hagler and challenger Thomas Hearns, who was himself the world's junior middleweight champion.	Marvin Hagler vs. Thomas Hearns	boxing
sport	The 2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships were the World Championships for track cycling in 2010.	2010 UCI Track Cycling World Championships	track cycling
sport	Abe King, Jr. is a Filipino former basketball player who was part of the champion Philippine Basketball Association (PBA) ballclub Toyota Tamaraws.	Abe King	basketball
sport	Barbara Gerken (born July 3, 1964) is a former American international tennis player who was a quarterfinalist at the 1981 US Open.	Barbara Gerken	tennis
sport	Claude Davey (14 December 1908 -- 18 February 2001) was a Wales international rugby union player who played club rugby for several teams, most notably Sale and Swansea.	Claude Davey	rugby union
sport	The 2014 Townsville Football Cup was a friendly association football tournament played in the Townsville, Australia.	2014 Townsville Football Cup	association football
sport	Brigadier Austin Henry Williams (11 February 1890 - 5 September 1973) was a British polo champion and officer in the Indian Army.	Austin Henry Williams	polo
sport	The Enschede Marathon is an annual marathon race held in the city of Enschede, Netherlands.	Enschede Marathon	marathon
sport	The Lexus Cup was an annual golf tournament played between 2005 and 2008 for professional women golfers contested by a team representing Asia and an international team representing the rest of the world.	Lexus Cup	golf
sport	Scott Fardy (born 5 July 1984, Sydney) is an Australian rugby union player who plays for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	Scott Fardy	rugby union
sport	Stéphane Mazzolini (born 28 November 1966) is a French former association football player and now manager.	Stéphane Mazzolini	association football
sport	Lene Køppen (born May 5, 1953) is a former badminton player from Denmark who won numerous Danish national and major international championships from the early 1970s through the early 1980s.	Lene Køppen	badminton
sport	The Barcelona Ladies Open was a tennis tournament for women held in Barcelona in Catalonia (Spain) and was played on outdoor clay courts.	Barcelona Ladies Open	tennis
sport	The 2001 Qatar Open, known as the 2001 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons, was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Khalifa International Tennis Complex in Doha in Qatar and was part of the International Series of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 Qatar Open	tennis
sport	Bojan Krstevski (Macedonian: Бојан Крстевски; born 4 June 1989) is a Macedonian professional basketball player born in Skopje.	Bojan Krstevski	basketball
sport	Per Carlén (Born 19 November 1960 in Karlstad) is a former handball player and current coach.	Per Carlén	handball
sport	The Las Vegas Locomotives (called the Locos for short) were a short lived professional American football team based in Las Vegas, Nevada that played in the United Football League.	Las Vegas Locomotives	American football
sport	Paula Newby-Fraser is regarded as an icon for the Ironman distance in triathlon.	Paula Newby-Fraser	triathlon
sport	2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka is a tournament of Twenty20 cricket matches that will be held in Sri Lanka from 1 to 4 February 2010.	2010 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Sri Lanka	cricket
sport	The 1989 Grand Prix International de Paris was a senior-level international competition held in Paris, France in the 1989--90 figure skating season.	1989 Grand Prix International de Paris	figure skating
sport	The Balwyn Football Club is an Australian rules football club located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Balwyn.	Balwyn Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	SC Union 03 Altona is a German association football club based in the Altona district of the city of Hamburg.	SC Union 03 Altona	association football
sport	The 1999 European Figure Skating Championships were an international figure skating competition in the 1998--99 season.	1999 European Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Philipp Schwethelm (May 1, 1989) is a German professional basketball player who plays for EWE Baskets Oldenburg of the Basketball Bundesliga.	Philipp Schwethelm	basketball
sport	The 1998 Volvo Women's Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Pattaya in Thailand that was part of Tier IV of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Volvo Women's Open	tennis
sport	Ian Millward (born 22 August 1960) is an Australian rugby league coach and former player as well as a former TV pundit for 'The Superleague show' broadcast on the BBC.	Ian Millward	rugby league
sport	Andrej Meszároš (Slovak pronunciation: (andrej mesaːroʃ); born 13 October 1985) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently a member of HC Sibir Novosibirsk.	Andrej Meszároš	ice hockey
sport	The 1969 World Series was played between the New York Mets and the Baltimore Orioles, with the Mets prevailing in five games to accomplish one of the greatest upsets in Series history, as that particular Orioles squad was considered to be one of the finest ever (and still is by some baseball pundits).	1969 World Series	baseball
sport	The 2013 Aegon Championships (also known traditionally as the Queen's Club Championships) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts.	2013 Aegon Championships	tennis
sport	Pete Trgovich is an American former college basketball player.	Pete Trgovich	basketball
sport	Emil Zinner (23 August 1909, Brno -- 8 July 1942, Majdanek) was a Jewish-Czech chess master.	Emil Zinner	chess
sport	The Indianapolis Capitals were an American Hockey League professional ice hockey team based in Indianapolis, Indiana from 1939--1952.	Indianapolis Capitals	ice hockey
sport	The 2011 Polish Figure Skating Championships (Polish: Mistrzostwa Polski w łyżwiarstwie figurowym 2010/2011) were the Polish Figure Skating Championships of the 2010/2011 figure skating season.	2011 Polish Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Texas Stadium was an American football stadium located in Irving, Texas, a suburb of Dallas.	Texas Stadium	American football
sport	Owen Marecic (/məˈriːsɨk/ mə-REE-sik; born October 4, 1988) is a former American football fullback.	Owen Marecic	American football
sport	Erwan Pain (born 14 February 1986) is a professional French ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the France National men's ice hockey team.	Erwan Pain	ice hockey
sport	The 1983 Virginia Slims of Indianapolis was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Indianapolis, Indiana in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1983 Virginia Slims of Indianapolis	tennis
sport	The Patty Kazmaier Award is given to the top female college ice hockey player in the United States.	Patty Kazmaier Award	ice hockey
sport	Zhuang Zedong (Chuang Tse-tung; August 25, 1940 -- February 10, 2013) was a Chinese table tennis player, three-time world men's singles champion and champion at numerous other table tennis events and a well-known political personality during the tumult of the Cultural Revolution.	Zhuang Zedong	table tennis
sport	Jean Bouilhou born 7 December 1978 is a rugby union player for Toulouse in the Top 14 competition.	Jean Bouilhou	rugby union
sport	Reese Dismukes (born October 20, 1992) is an American football center for the Carolina Panthers in the NFL.	Reese Dismukes	American football
sport	Alex Tulou (born 21 March 1987,Faga'alu, American Samoa) is a rugby union footballer, currently playing in the top French professional rugby competition, the Top 14, for Montpellier.	Alex Tulou	rugby union
sport	The 2013 Friends Life t20 was the fourth season of the Friends Life t20 Twenty20 English cricket competition.	2013 Friends Life t20	cricket
sport	The Macau Open Badminton Championships is an open international championship in badminton held in Macau since 2006.	Macau Open Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	Liversedge RFC (founded 1877) were a semi-professional rugby league club from Yorkshire, England.	Liversedge RFC	rugby league
sport	The French National Track Championships are held annually and are composed of competitions of various track cycling disciplines across various age and gender categories.	French National Track Championships	track cycling
sport	The Capital Centre (later known as USAir Arena) was an indoor arena located in Landover, Maryland, a suburb of Washington, D.C. Completed in 1973, the arena sat 18,756 for basketball and 18,130 for hockey.	Capital Centre	basketball
sport	Sadegh Aliakbarzadeh Khoi (Persian: صادق علی اکبرزاده خویی, born September 3, 1932 Baku), was an Iranian boxer who became a member of Iran senior national Boxing team in 1957, and was also a member of Tehran Jafari Club, boxing in the 54 and 57 kg divisions.	Sadegh Aliakbarzadeh	boxing
sport	Attila Ambrus (October 6, 1967), alias Whiskey Robber, is a Hungarian former thief and professional ice hockey player.	Attila Ambrus	ice hockey
sport	The Colombian Professional Baseball League, also known as the Colombian Winter League, is a professional baseball league based in Colombia.	Colombian Professional Baseball League	baseball
sport	The Memorial Cup is a junior ice hockey club championship trophy awarded annually to the Canadian Hockey League (CHL) champion.	Memorial Cup	ice hockey
sport	The Montreal Lacrosse Club was a lacrosse club in the Canadian city of Montreal, Quebec.	Montreal Lacrosse Club	lacrosse
sport	Rob Dewey is a former Scottish rugby union player who was born on 16 October 1983 and played for the Glasgow Warriors.	Rob Dewey	rugby union
sport	David Nucifora (born 15 January 1962) is a former rugby union player who played for the Queensland and Australia.	David Nucifora	rugby union
sport	The only long track speed skating oval in Winnipeg has been named after Susan Auch.	Susan Auch	speed skating
sport	Although some of the players chosen in the 2001 NBDL Draft had played semi-professional and/or professional basketball after college graduation, only the United States colleges they attended are listed.	2001 NBDL Draft	basketball
sport	John Paul Erram, also known as JP Erram, is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Blackwater Elite in the Philippine Basketball Association.	John Paul Erram	basketball
sport	Branko Radivojevič (Serbian: Бранко Радивојевић / Branko Radivojević; born November 24, 1980) is a Slovak professional ice hockey forward currently playing for HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.	Branko Radivojevič	ice hockey
sport	Antonio León Amador, better known as Leoncito (30 August 1909 -- 11 March 1995) was a Spanish professional association football player.	Antonio León Amador	association football
sport	The Sydney Sirens are an ice hockey team in the Australian Women's Ice Hockey League.	Sydney Sirens	ice hockey
sport	HC Kharkiv was an ice hockey team based in Kharkiv, Ukraine.	HC Kharkiv	ice hockey
sport	George Dikeoulakos (Greek: Γιώργος (Τζώρτζης) Δικαιουλάκος; born 26 January 1969 in Athens, Greece) is a professional Greek basketball coach.	George Dikeoulakos	basketball
sport	The 2015 Istanbul Open (also known as the TEB BNP Paribas Istanbul Open for sponsorship purposes) was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2015 Istanbul Open	tennis
sport	The 2010 Leinster Football Association Senior Cup, also known as the 2010 Leinster Senior Cup, was the 109th staging of the Leinster Senior Cup association football competition.	2010 Leinster Senior Cup	association football
sport	Cameron Shepherd (born 30 March 1984, Windsor, England) is an Australian rugby union footballer.	Cameron Shepherd	rugby union
sport	The 2013 Women's European Volleyball League was the fifth edition of the annual European Volleyball League, which featured women's national volleyball teams from eight European countries.	2013 Women's European Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Virtus Verona (formerly known as Unione Sportiva Virtus Borgo Venezia), sometimes referred to as Virtus Vecomp Verona for sponsorship reasons, is an Italian association football club located in Borgo Venezia, a district of Verona, Veneto.	Virtus Verona	association football
sport	Dusty Collins (born February 28, 1985) is an American former professional ice hockey forward who played most notably in the American Hockey League (AHL).	Dusty Collins	ice hockey
sport	Tero Arkiomaa (born February 20, 1968 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired Finnish ice hockey player.	Tero Arkiomaa	ice hockey
sport	Eric Blum (born 13 June 1986) is a Swiss-Japanese professional ice hockey player who is currently playing and Captaining SC Bern of the National League A (NLA).	Eric Blum	ice hockey
sport	Sports Authority Field at Mile High, previously known as Invesco Field at Mile High, and commonly known as Mile High or Mile High Stadium, is an American football stadium in Denver, Colorado.	Sports Authority Field at Mile High	American football
sport	ASK/Ogre is an ice hockey club in Ogre, Latvia founded in 2003.	ASK/Ogre	ice hockey
sport	The ICC Test Championship is an international competition run by the International Cricket Council in the sport of cricket for the 10 teams that play Test cricket.	ICC Test Championship	cricket
sport	Mikkel Hansen (born 22 October 1987) is a Danish handball player, currently playing in PSG Handball.	Mikkel Hansen	handball
sport	The 1993 Dubai Tennis Championships, also known by its sponsored name Duty Free Dubai / BMW Tennis Open, was the inaugural edition of this men's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts.	1993 Dubai Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Leslie Lyell was an English association football player who spent his entire professional career in the American Soccer League.	Leslie Lyell	association football
sport	The UWA World Middleweight Championship (Campeonato Mundial de Peso Medio UWA in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship originally created and sanctioend by the Mexican lucha libre promotion Universal Wrestling Association (UWA) from 1976 until the UWA closed in 1995.	UWA World Middleweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Marc Albert (born November 15, 1961 in Caraquet) is a former Canadian Olympic volleyball player.	Marc Albert	volleyball
sport	Southern Districts Rugby Club is a rugby union club based in southern Sydney, New South Wales.	Southern Districts Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Arnoldus Leonardus Henricus Roderik Bouwman (born March 24, 1957, in Haarlem) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who played 107 international matches for the Netherlands, in which the striker scored 82 goals.	Roderik Bouwman	field hockey
sport	The Merano Open is a defunct, ATP Tour affiliated tennis tournament played for one year in 1999.	Merano Open	tennis
sport	Irina Buryachok (Ukrainian: Ірина Бурячок) (born 5 July 1986) is a professional Ukrainian tennis player.	Irina Buryachok	tennis
sport	Larry Holmes vs. Gerry Cooney was a boxing fight that took place on June 11, 1982.	Larry Holmes vs. Gerry Cooney	boxing
sport	Honorato Trosso, (born January 27, 1970 in Luanda) is a former Angolan basketball player.	Honorato Trosso	basketball
sport	Kameron Chatman (born June 1, 1996) is an American college basketball player at The University of Michigan where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015--16 team.	Kameron Chatman	basketball
sport	The Winston-Salem Dash is a minor league baseball team in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, United States.	Winston-Salem Dash	baseball
sport	Romain Édouard (born 28 November 1990, Poitiers) is a French chess player and grandmaster since 2009.	Romain Édouard	chess
sport	Janko Božović (born 14 July 1985) is an Austrian handball player who plays for Macedonian club RK Metalurg Skopje and the Austrian national team.	Janko Božović	handball
sport	The Royal Bank Cup is an annual ice hockey competition that determines the Canadian Junior A champion.	Royal Bank Cup	ice hockey
sport	MŠK Považská Bystrica is the handball team from Slovakia.MŠK Považská Bystrica won their first Slovak championship in 2002, and won again in 2003 and 2006 when played Champions League.	MŠK Považská Bystrica	handball
sport	Burgher Recreation Club is a first-class cricket and hockey club based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Burgher Recreation Club	cricket
sport	Valériane Ayayi (born April 29, 1994 in Bordeaux) is a French basketball player who plays for club Basket Landes of the Ligue Féminine de Basketball the top league of basketball of women in France.	Valériane Ayayi	basketball
sport	VfB Theley is a German association football club from the Theley suburb of the town of Tholey, Saarland.	VfB Theley	association football
sport	Club Balonmano Granollers (also known as BM Granollers) is a handball club based in Granollers, Catalonia, Spain.	BM Granollers	handball
sport	Yisrael Zaguri (Hebrew: ישראל זגורי‎; born 29 January 1990) is an Israeli professional association football player who plays for Maccabi Netanya in the Israeli Premier League.	Yisrael Zaguri	association football
sport	Simon Bertilsson (born April 19, 1991, in Karlskoga) is a Swedish ice hockey player.	Simon Bertilsson	ice hockey
sport	Olimpia Basketball Club, mostly known as Olimpia de Venado Tuerto (Spanish pronunciation: (oˈlimpja ðe βeˈnaðo ˈtwerto)) is an Argentine basketball club based in the city of Venado Tuerto, Santa Fe Province.	Olimpia Basketball Club	basketball
sport	Lieutenant-Colonel Ralph Gerald Ritson (1880 -- October 25, 1966) was a member of the Inniskilling Dragoons and a champion polo player with a ten-goal handicap.	Ralph Gerald Ritson	polo
sport	Batting average is a statistic in cricket, baseball, and softball that measures the performance of batsmen in cricket and batters in baseball.	Batting average	baseball
sport	The UEFA Europa League, previously called the UEFA Cup, is an annual association football club competition organized by UEFA since 1971 for eligible European football clubs.	UEFA Europa League	association football
sport	The 2011 Belgian Figure Skating Championships (Dutch: Belgisch Kampioenschap 2011; French: Championnat de Belgique 2011) were the Belgian Figure Skating Championships of the 2010-2011 figure skating season.	2011 Belgian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Liu Weidong (simplified Chinese: 刘卫东; traditional Chinese: 劉衛東; pinyin: Liú Wèidōng; born 29 January 1987) is a Chinese association football player who currently plays for Chongqing Lifan in the Chinese Super League.	Liu Weidong	association football
sport	The Hypo Group Tennis International was an annual men's tennis tournament last held in Pörtschach, Austria.	Hypo Group Tennis International	tennis
sport	Morgan Pridy (born October 9, 1990 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian specializing in Super-G and alpine skiing combined.	Morgan Pridy	alpine skiing
sport	SK Aarhus is a Danish women's handball club based in Aarhus.	SK Aarhus	handball
sport	Gil Servaes (born 11 April 1988 in Sint-Agatha-Berchem) is a Belgian association football player who currently plays for Racing Mechelen.	Gil Servaes	association football
sport	Individual Polish Chess Championship is the most important Polish chess tournament, aiming at selecting the best chess players in Poland.	Polish Chess Championship	chess
sport	The 1984 Santista Textile Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series.	1984 Santista Textile Open	tennis
sport	Jakob Fenger-Larsen (born February 6, 1971 in Odder, Denmark) was a Danish association football player who played professionally in Denmark and in the lower U.S. divisions.	Jakob Fenger-Larsen	association football
sport	Grit Jurack (born 22 October 1977) is a former German handball player, who played on the German women's national handball team.	Grit Jurack	handball
sport	Marin Dokuzovski (Macedonian: Марин Докузовски; born July 14, 1960 in Skopje) is a Macedonian former professional basketball player and current coach of KK Rabotnicki.	Marin Dokuzovski	basketball
sport	The Football Association of Ireland Senior Challenge Cup (FAI Cup), known as the Irish Daily Mail FAI Cup for sponsorship reasons, is a knock-out association football competition contested annually by teams from the Republic of Ireland (as well as Derry City from Northern Ireland).	Football Association of Ireland	association football
sport	The Women's Baseball World Cup is an international tournament in which national women's baseball teams from around the world compete.	Women's Baseball World Cup	baseball
sport	PZU Polfa Pabianice was a Polish women's basketball team based in Pabianice that played in the Sharp Torell Basket Liga.	PZU Polfa Pabianice	basketball
sport	The Owen Sound Attack are a junior ice hockey in the Ontario Hockey League based in Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada.	Owen Sound Attack	ice hockey
sport	Peter de Villiers (born 3 June 1957 in Paarl) is a South African rugby union player and coach.	Peter de Villiers	rugby union
sport	The 2009 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition which was held from November 10, 2009 to November 14, 2009 in Hong Kong.	2009 Hong Kong Super Series	badminton
sport	Once Municipal or 11 Municipal is a Salvadoran association football club from Ahuachapán, El Salvador.	Once Municipal	association football
sport	Sue Newman (married name Sue King) is a former squash player from Australia.	Sue Newman	squash
sport	Neil Ryan is a retired English association football defender who played professionally in the USL A-League.	Neil Ryan	association football
sport	Mike Mangan (born November 3, 1975 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American rugby union lock.	Mike Mangan	rugby union
sport	The 1996 AFL Lightning Premiership was an Australian rules football knock-out competition, played in its entirety before the Australian Football League's main pre-season competition began.	1996 AFL Lightning Premiership	Australian rules football
sport	Dr. Chris Boyle (born 11 August 1972 in Glasgow, Scotland) is an association football Referee who currently referees in the Australian A-League.	Chris Boyle	association football
sport	Bruce Mulherin (born February 3, 1982 in Red Deer, Alberta) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player, currently playing for Tohoku Free Blades after being released by the Manchester Phoenix due to financial problems.	Bruce Mulherin	ice hockey
sport	The National Ice Hockey League (NIHL) (formerly the English National Ice Hockey League or ENIHL) is a set of amateur ice hockey leagues below the English Premier Ice Hockey League which is administered by the English Ice Hockey Association.	National Ice Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	Mirosław Rybaczewski (born July 8, 1952 in Warszawa, Poland) is a former Polish volleyball player, a member of Polish national team in 1973-1980, Olympic Champion 1976, World Champion 1974, silver medalist of the European Championship 1975.	Mirosław Rybaczewski	volleyball
sport	The Philadelphia Daily News Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played in 1955 and 1956 at Cobb's Creek Golf Club in Philadelphia.	Philadelphia Daily News Open	golf
sport	Arthur Woodruff (12 April 1913 -- 5 January 1983) was an English professional association football player who played as a centre-half.	Arthur Woodruff	association football
sport	Mark Connors (born 17 May 1971, Brisbane) is an Australian rugby union footballer.	Mark Connors	rugby union
sport	Herbert Whitfeld (15 November 1858 -- 6 May 1909) was an English amateur sportsman who played association football and county cricket.	Herbert Whitfeld	association football
sport	The 2013 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships will be the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2012-2013 figure skating season.	2013 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The 2012 WGC-HSBC Champions was a golf tournament played 1--4 November 2012 at the Olazabal Course of Mission Hills Golf Club in Shenzhen, China.	2012 WGC-HSBC Champions	golf
sport	Héctor Ambriz (born May 24, 1984) is an American professional baseball pitcher in the Washington Nationals organization.	Héctor Ambriz	baseball
sport	The 2004 Africa Cup (officially called at those time ``Africa Top ten'') was the fifth edition of highest level rugby union tournament in Africa.	2004 Africa Cup	rugby union
sport	FIBA Africa is a zone within the FIBA basketball association which contains all 53 national African FIBA federations, it was founded in 1961.	FIBA Africa	basketball
sport	The 1991 Estoril Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	1991 Estoril Open	tennis
sport	Boris Petelin (born August 15, 1924 in Magadan, Russia) is a retired ice hockey player who played in the Soviet Hockey League.	Boris Petelin	ice hockey
sport	Aleksandar Gruev (Bulgarian: Александър Груев) (born July 24, 1983) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player who play for BC Spartak Pleven of the NBL.	Aleksandar Gruev	basketball
sport	HC Dynamo Moscow (Russian: ХК Дина́мо Москва́) is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Moscow.	HC Dynamo Moscow	ice hockey
sport	Karl Poschauko (born 1900, date of death unknown) was an Austrian chess master.	Karl Poschauko	chess
sport	Grunwald Poznań is a sports club based in Poznań, Poland, with several sections: field hockey (Hokej na trawie) shooting (Strzelectwo) Wrestling (Zapasy) Handball (Piłka ręczna) Orienteering (Biegi na orientację) Tennis (Tenis ziemny).	Grunwald Poznań	field hockey
sport	Randy Fasani (born September 18, 1978) is a former professional American football quarterback.	Randy Fasani	American football
spouse	Sunanda Pushkar (27 June 1962 -- 17 January 2014) was an Indian businesswoman and the wife of Indian diplomat and politician Shashi Tharoor.	Sunanda Pushkar	Shashi Tharoor
spouse	In 1963, Jessie Brewer, R.N., is married to Dr. Phil Brewer, an intern, who is seven years younger than her.	Phil Brewer	Jessie Brewer
spouse	Flavia Titiana was a Roman empress, wife of emperor Pertinax, who ruled briefly in 193 (known as ``Year of the Five Emperors'').	Flavia Titiana	Pertinax
spouse	Doamna Stanca (died 1603) was the wife of Michael the Brave.	Doamna Stanca	Michael the Brave
spouse	Brooke Burns was married to actor Julian McMahon from 1999 to 2001 and they have a daughter --	Brooke Burns	Julian McMahon
spouse	Joyce Tyldesley thinks Khenthap was a wife of king Hor-Aha and that her grandson was king Djet, for Djet is thought to be the son of king Djer (Aha's son).	Khenthap	Hor-Aha
spouse	Princess Anna of Bavaria (German: Anna-Natascha Prinzessin von Bayern) (born 15 March 1978) is a German journalist and author, and wife of Prince Manuel of Bavaria.	Princess Anna of Bavaria	Prince Manuel of Bavaria
spouse	Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, R.E. (née Mary Elizabeth Donaldson; born 5 February 1972 in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia) is the wife of Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark.	Mary, Crown Princess of Denmark	Frederik, Crown Prince of Denmark
spouse	Aino Sibelius (née Järnefelt; 10 August 1871 -- 8 June 1969) was the wife of Finnish composer Jean Sibelius.	Aino Sibelius	Jean Sibelius
spouse	On 18 July 2015 Sopiko Guramishvili married the Russian-born Dutch grandmaster Anish Giri.	Sopiko Guramishvili	Anish Giri
spouse	Hipparchia of Maroneia (/hɪˈpɑrkiə/; Greek: Ἱππαρχία; fl. c. 325 BC) was a Cynic philosopher, and wife of Crates of Thebes.	Hipparchia of Maroneia	Crates of Thebes
spouse	Ranvir Shorey used to date Pooja Bhatt, but he finally got married to his longtime girlfriend actress Konkona Sen Sharma on 3 September 2010.	Ranvir Shorey	Konkona Sen Sharma
spouse	Dayawati Modi (1915--1994) was a philanthropist and the wife of the founder of Modi Enterprises, Rai Bahadur Gujarmal Modi.	Dayawati Modi	Gujarmal Modi
spouse	Paola di Girifalco, Contessa di Girifalco (18 September 1928 -- 12 August 1986), better known by her professional name Paola Mori was an Italian actress and aristocrat, who was the third and final wife of Orson Welles.	Paola Mori	Orson Welles
spouse	The Aswan rock stela shows Ramesses II, Isetnofret and Khaemwaset before the god Khnum, while in another register Bintanath appears with her brothers Ramesses and Merneptah.	Bintanath	Ramesses II
spouse	Princess Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg (3 April 1831 -- 16 December 1909) was the wife of King Miguel I of Portugal but only following his deposition.	Adelaide of Löwenstein-Wertheim-Rosenberg	Miguel I of Portugal
spouse	Magda Staudinger (Latvian: Magda Štaudingere) (1902--1997) was a Latvian biologist and botanist who studied macromolecules with her husband Hermann Staudinger and their application to biology.	Magda Staudinger	Hermann Staudinger
spouse	In 161, when she was between 11 and 13 years old, Lucilla's father arranged a marriage for her with his co-ruler Lucius Verus.	Lucilla	Lucius Verus
spouse	Eliza McCardle Johnson (October 4, 1810 -- January 15, 1876) was the First Lady of the United States and the wife of Andrew Johnson, the 17th President of the United States.	Eliza McCardle Johnson	Andrew Johnson
spouse	In June 2006, Juanes began a year-long sabbatical to spend time with his wife, model Karen Martínez, and their daughters Luna and Paloma.	Juanes	Karen Martínez
spouse	Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina (Russian: Лидия Николаевна Федосеева-Шукшина) (born 25 September 1938 in Leningrad) is a Russian actress and widow of writer, actor and director Vasily Shukshin.	Lidiya Fedoseyeva-Shukshina	Vasily Shukshin
spouse	Ding Ling was influenced by progressive teachers at the People's Girls School, and by her association with modern writers such as Shen Congwen and the left-wing poet Hu Yepin, whom she married in 1925.	Ding Ling	Hu Yepin
spouse	John Woodvine is married to actress Lynn Farleigh.	John Woodvine	Lynn Farleigh
spouse	Hind bint Abi Umayya (Arabic: هند بنت أبي أمية‎), also known as Hind al-Makhzumiyah, Hind bint Suhayl or Umm Salama (Arabic: أم سلمة هند بنت أبي أمية‎) (c. 596 AD -- 64 AH) was one of Muhammad's wives.	Umm Salama	Muhammad
spouse	Ipswich Museum, Ipswich Portrait of Maria Bicknell, Mrs. John Constable (1816) --	John Constable	Maria Bicknell
spouse	Ina Weisse is married to the German Film director Matti Geschonneck, with whom she worked together for the TV-films Duell in der Nacht (2007), Tod in Istanbul (2009), Der Verdacht (2010) und Das Ende einer Nacht (2011).	Ina Weisse	Matti Geschonneck
spouse	Nils Poppe was married twice; first to actress Inga Landgré (1949--1959), and then to actress Gunilla Poppe (née Sundberg) (1965--2000) who was 29 years younger than him.	Nils Poppe	Inga Landgré
spouse	Julia Gardiner Tyler (May 4, 1820 -- July 10, 1889) was the second wife of John Tyler, who was the tenth President of the United States, and served as First Lady of the United States from June 26, 1844, to March 4, 1845.	Julia Gardiner Tyler	John Tyler
spouse	Melinda Gebbie is an American comics artist and writer, known for works such as ``Cobweb'' in writer (and now husband) Alan Moore's Tomorrow Stories anthology series, and for Lost Girls, the three-volume graphic novel she produced in collaboration with Moore, published by Top Shelf.	Melinda Gebbie	Alan Moore
spouse	He disbanded Fu Deng's troops and gave Fu Deng's Empress Li to his general Yao Huang (姚晃).	Fu Deng	Empress Li
spouse	Lana Marconi (8 September 1917, Bucharest, Kingdom of Romania -- 8 December 1990) was a Romanian-French actress, and the fifth and last wife of the famous French actor-director-playwright Sacha Guitry (1885--1957), whom she married in 1949.	Lana Marconi	Sacha Guitry
voice type	Rebeka Bobanj (born June 5, 1981 in Subotica) is a Hungarian dramatic coloratura soprano.	Rebeka Bobanj	soprano
voice type	Meagan Miller is an American soprano with an active international career in opera, recital and concert.	Meagan Miller	soprano
voice type	Trude Eipperle (27 January 1908, Stuttgart -- 18 October 1997, Stuttgart) was a German operatic soprano.	Trude Eipperle	soprano
voice type	Maria Zamboni (25 July 1895 -- 25 March 1976) was an Italian operatic soprano who had a prolific career in Italy and South America between 1921 and 1936.	Maria Zamboni	soprano
voice type	Itxaro Mentxaka Bengoetxea (Lekeitio, Bizkaia, Spain, 1964) is a Basque mezzo-soprano.	Itxaro Mentxaka	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Jenny Cecilia Petrén, née Berggren, (born 19 May 1972), professionally known as Jenny Berggren and Jenny from Ace of Base is a Swedish mezzo-soprano singer and former lead singer in the Swedish pop band Ace of Base.	Jenny Berggren	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Mordecai Bauman (March 12, 1912 in Bronx, NY -- May 16, 2007 in New York City, NY) was an American baritone.	Mordecai Bauman	baritone
voice type	Luigi Piazza (1884 -- 22 March 1967), was an Italian operatic baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, especially the role of Rigoletto.	Luigi Piazza	baritone
voice type	Jennifer Larmore (born June 21, 1958) is an American mezzo-soprano opera singer, particularly noted for her performances in coloratura and bel canto roles which she has performed in the world's major opera houses.	Jennifer Larmore	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Marie Gutheil-Schoder (16 February 1874 -- 4 October 1935) was an important German soprano.	Marie Gutheil-Schoder	soprano
voice type	Evelyn Baghtcheban (variations: Baghcheban, Baqcheban, Bahceban) (Persian: اولین باغچه‌بان‎, 1928 - October 31, 2010) was a Turkish opera singer (mezzo-soprano) and one of the pioneers of opera and choral music in Iran.	Evelyn Baghtcheban	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Rachel Nicholls is an English soprano in opera and concert.	Rachel Nicholls	soprano
voice type	Joyce Castle (born Lillian Joyce Malicky, on January 17, 1939, in Beaumont, Texas) is an American mezzo-soprano who has had an active opera career for the last four decades.	Joyce Castle	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Amy Shuard CBE (19 July 1924 -- 18 April 1975) was an English operatic soprano renowned in such dramatic roles as Elektra, Turandot and Brünnhilde.	Amy Shuard	soprano
voice type	Louis Musy (born 22 October 1902, Algeria, died 19 October 1981) was a French operatic baritone and stage director principally active at the Paris Opéra-Comique.	Louis Musy	baritone
voice type	Marguerite Piazza (May 6, 1920 -- August 2, 2012) was an American soprano, entertainer and philanthropist from New Orleans, Louisiana.	Marguerite Piazza	soprano
voice type	Peter Butterfield is a Canadian conductor and classical tenor.	Peter Butterfield	tenor
voice type	William Matteuzzi (born 12 December 1957 in Bologna, Italy) is an Italian operatic tenor renowned for his impressive vocal range and prominent upper register, reaching a high F (above the tenor high C) in full voice, which enabled him to participate in the recent revival of the tenore contraltino repertoire.	William Matteuzzi	tenor
voice type	Alexandra Deshorties (born 1975) is a French-Canadian soprano who sings principally opera.	Alexandra Deshorties	soprano
voice type	Nicolae Herlea (28 August 1927 -- February 24, 2014) was a Romanian operatic baritone, particularly associated with the Italian repertory, especially the role of Rossini's Figaro, which he sang around 550 times during his career.	Nicolae Herlea	baritone
voice type	James Campbell McInnes (23 January 1874 -- 8 February 1945) was a well-known English baritone singer and teacher at the turn of the 20th century, ex-husband of author Angela Thirkell and father of writer Colin MacInnes.	James Campbell McInnes	baritone
voice type	Anastasia Robinson (c. 1692 -- April 1755), later known as Anastasia, Countess of Peterborough, was an English soprano, later contralto, of the Baroque era.	Anastasia Robinson	soprano	contralto
voice type	Thorvald Lammers (15 January 1841 -- 8 February 1922) was a Norwegian baritone singer, choral conductor, composer, and biographer.	Thorvald Lammers	baritone
voice type	Cecilia Davies (c. 1756 - 3 July 1836) was an English classical soprano who had an active international career in concerts and operas during the second half of the 18th century.	Cecilia Davies	soprano
voice type	Sophie Diez or Dietz (née Hartmann) (1 September 1820 -- 3 May 1887) was a German soprano who sang leading roles with the Munich Hofoper (now known as the Bavarian State Opera) in a career spanning 40 years.	Sophie Diez	soprano
voice type	Allen Doone (Edward Allen) b. 3 Sep 1878, Amboy, Lee, Illinois (d. 4 May 1948) was an Irish-American tenor and comic who specialised in Irish romantic dramas.	Allen Doone	tenor
voice type	Nadine Conner (February 20, 1907 - March 1, 2003) was an American operatic soprano, radio singer and music teacher.	Nadine Conner	soprano
voice type	Anna Caterina Antonacci, (born 5 April 1961) is an Italian soprano known for roles in the bel canto and Baroque repertories.	Anna Caterina Antonacci	soprano
voice type	Iva Pacetti (13 December 1898, Prato - 19 January 1981, Milan) was an Italian operatic soprano who had an active international career from 1920-1947.	Iva Pacetti	soprano
voice type	Roger Bourdin (14 June 1900, Levallois-Perret - 14 September 1973, Paris) was a French baritone, particularly associated with the French repertory.	Roger Bourdin	baritone
voice type	Jeanne Granier (31 March 1852 -- 18 or 19 December 1939) was a French soprano, born and died in Paris, whose career was centred on the French capital.	Jeanne Granier	soprano
voice type	Otto Wiener (February 13, 1911 - August 5, 2000) was an Austrian baritone, notable for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner.	Otto Wiener	baritone
voice type	Heinrich Knote (November 26, 1870 -- January 15, 1953) was an outstanding German dramatic tenor with an international reputation.	Heinrich Knote	tenor
voice type	Franco Fagioli (born 1981 in Tucumán) is an Argentinan operatic countertenor.	Franco Fagioli	countertenor
voice type	Soo Bee Lee (May 9, 1934 -- August 31, 2005) was a soprano singer from Singapore.	Soo Bee Lee	soprano
voice type	Franz Crass (9 March 1928 -- 23 June 2012) was a German bass singer.	Franz Crass	bass
voice type	He has sung baritone and lead for Gold City (1992--1994), the Kingdom Heirs (1994--1995), and The Steve Lacey Trio.	Steve Lacey	baritone
voice type	Kristoffer Rygg possesses a wide range of vocal textures and styles, ranging from baritone, countertenor, crooning and even black metal style screaming.	Kristoffer Rygg	baritone
voice type	Herbert Alsen (sometimes Ahlsen) (1906--1978) was a German operatic bass of formidable volume and stature.	Herbert Alsen	bass
voice type	Marie Hayward (1939 -- November 2011) was an English soprano, whose career was in opera in the UK and overseas and in concerts and recordings.	Marie Hayward	soprano
voice type	Heinrich Conrad Schleinitz (* 1805 in Zechanitz for chub, † 1881 in Leipzig ) was a German jurist and tenor .	Heinrich Conrad Schleinitz	tenor
voice type	Maurice Stern (Mauro Lampi) is an American operatic tenor and sculptor, Stern graduated from the Eastman School of Music.	Maurice Stern	tenor
voice type	Natalie Ni Shi (石妮, /ˈnɑːtɑːli.nɪ.ʃiː/, born 9 May 1983) is a Canadian lyric operatic soprano and film actress.	Natalie Ni Shi	soprano
voice type	Stephanie Blythe (born 1970) is an American mezzo-soprano who has had an active international career in operas and concerts since the early 1990s.	Stephanie Blythe	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Basilio Basili (March 21, 1804 -- 1895) was an Italian tenor and composer.	Basilio Basili	tenor
voice type	Conal Coad is an Australian opera singer known for his dramatic interpretations of the bass repertoire.	Conal Coad	bass
voice type	Renato Mismetti (born 1960, Cajuru, SP, Brazil) is an Italian-Brazilian baritone.	Renato Mismetti	baritone
voice type	Ildebrando D'Arcangelo (born 14 December 1969) is an Italian bass-baritone opera singer.	Ildebrando D'Arcangelo	bass-baritone
voice type	Vina Bovy (Malvina Bovi Van Overberghe) born Ghent 22 May 1900, died in the same city 16 May 1983 was a Belgian operatic soprano.	Vina Bovy	soprano
voice type	John Boulter is a British tenor best known for his appearances as a soloist in the BBC's long-running variety series The Black and White Minstrel Show.	John Boulter	tenor
voice type	Cristina Deutekom, also known as Christine Deutekom and Christina Deutekom (28 August 1931 -- 7 August 2014), was a Dutch coloratura soprano opera singer.	Cristina Deutekom	soprano
voice type	Brendan O'Dowda (1 October 1925 -- 22 February 2002) was an Irish tenor who popularised the songs of Percy French.	Brendan O'Dowda	tenor
voice type	Mariella Devia (12 April 1948) is an Italian operatic coloratura soprano, well known for performing many roles in the bel canto repertoire.	Mariella Devia	soprano
voice type	Ingeborg Reichelt (born 11 May 1928 in Frankfurt an der Oder) is a German soprano singer.	Ingeborg Reichelt	soprano
voice type	Regina Schörg is an Austrian soprano and teacher.	Regina Schörg	soprano
