author	Jean Santeuil is an unfinished novel written by Marcel Proust.	Jean Santeuil	Marcel Proust
author	The Fall of the Imam is a novel by Egyptian writer Nawal El Saadawi published in Arabic in 1987.	The Fall of the Imam	Nawal El Saadawi
author	Flight from the USSR is David Turashvili's 2008 novel.	Flight from the USSR	David Turashvili
author	The Radium Pool is a collection of science fiction short stories by author Ed Earl Repp.	The Radium Pool	Ed Earl Repp
author	Grantchester Grind is a novel written by Tom Sharpe, a British novelist born in 1928 who was educated at Lancing College and then at Pembroke College, Cambridge.	Grantchester Grind	Tom Sharpe
author	A World Lit Only by Fire (1992), by American historian William Manchester, is an informal history of the European Middle Ages, structured into three sections:	A World Lit Only by Fire	William Manchester
author	The Dissertation is a novel by R. M. Koster, part of the Tinieblas trilogy.	The Dissertation	R. M. Koster
author	The Exploding Detective (ISBN 0-9755799-6-7) is a comedic novel written by John Swartzwelder, a writer most famous for his work on The Simpsons television series.	The Exploding Detective	John Swartzwelder
author	No Picnic on Mount Kenya (Italian: Fuga sul Kenya) by Felice Benuzzi is a mountaineering classic recounting the 1943 attempt of three escaped Italian prisoners of war to reach the summit of Mount Kenya.	No Picnic on Mount Kenya	Felice Benuzzi
author	The Thought Gang is the second novel by English author Tibor Fischer, published in 1994.	The Thought Gang	Tibor Fischer
author	The Bowels of Liberty (Portuguese: Os Subterrâneos da Liberdade) is a trilogy of Brazilian Modernist novels written by Jorge Amado in 1954.	The Bowels of Liberty	Jorge Amado
author	Lost Everything is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by Brian Francis Slattery, published in 2012 by Tor Books.	Lost Everything	Brian Francis Slattery
author	Werewolves in Their Youth is a 1999 collection of short stories by Michael Chabon.	Werewolves in Their Youth	Michael Chabon
author	The Dark Half is a horror novel by Stephen King, published in 1989.	The Dark Half	Stephen King
author	``The Mystery of Marie Rogêt'', often subtitled A Sequel to ``The Murders in the Rue Morgue'', is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe written in 1842.	The Mystery of Marie Rogêt	Edgar Allan Poe
author	The Last Days of the Celtic Tiger is a 2007 play by Irish writer Paul Howard, as part of the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.	The Last Days of the Celtic Tiger	Paul Howard
author	Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844 (also referred to as The Paris Manuscripts) are a series of notes written between April and August 1844 by Karl Marx.	Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844	Karl Marx
author	``The Old Castle's Secret'' is a 32-page funny animal comic book adventure/mystery/horror story written, drawn, and lettered by Carl Barks.	The Old Castle's Secret	Carl Barks
author	Silent Honor is a novel written by Danielle Steel, published in 1996.	Silent Honor	Danielle Steel
author	Singularity's Ring is the debut science fiction book by Paul Melko.	Singularity's Ring	Paul Melko
author	The Memory of Whiteness is a science fiction novel written by Kim Stanley Robinson and published in 1985.	The Memory of Whiteness	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Nearly Neptune is a juvenile science fiction novel, the twelfth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Nearly Neptune	Hugh Walters
author	Robot Visions (1990) is a collection of science fiction short stories and factual essays by Isaac Asimov.	Robot Visions	Isaac Asimov
author	First Contact? is a juvenile science fiction novel, the thirteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	First Contact?	Hugh Walters
author	Bread and Roses, Too is a 2006 children's historical novel written by American novelist Katherine Paterson.	Bread and Roses, Too	Katherine Paterson
author	The General in His Labyrinth (original Spanish title: El general en su laberinto) is a novel by the Colombian writer and Nobel laureate Gabriel García Márquez.	The General in His Labyrinth	Gabriel García Márquez
author	À vau-l'eau (English: With the Flow or Downstream ) is a short novel (or novella) by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, first published by Henry Kistmaeckers in Brussels on January 26, 1882.	À vau-l'eau	Joris-Karl Huysmans
author	The Autumn of the Middle Ages, or The Waning of the Middle Ages (published in 1919 as Herfsttij der Middeleeuwen and translated into English in 1924), is the best-known work by the Dutch historian Johan Huizinga.	The Autumn of the Middle Ages	Johan Huizinga
author	Freddy the Pilot (1952) is the 19th book in the humorous children's Freddy the Pig series written by Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese.	Freddy the Pilot	Walter R. Brooks
author	Relación de las cosas de Yucatán was written by Diego de Landa Calderón circa 1566 shortly after his return from Yucatán to Spain.	Relación de las cosas de Yucatán	Diego de Landa
author	The Feminine Mystique is a 1963 book by Betty Friedan which is widely credited with sparking the beginning of second-wave feminism in the United States.	The Feminine Mystique	Betty Friedan
author	Asterios Polyp is a 2009 graphic novel by American cartoonist David Mazzucchelli.	Asterios Polyp	David Mazzucchelli
author	The Log of the Ark is a children's book written by Kenneth Walker and Geoffrey Boumphrey.	The Log of the Ark	Kenneth Walker
author	Ummachu (Beloved) is a Malayalam novel written by Uroob in 1954.	Ummachu	Uroob
author	Klee Wyck is an autobiographical work by artist Emily Carr.	Klee Wyck	Emily Carr
author	Marchers of Valhalla is a collection of two Fantasy novelettes by Robert E. Howard.	Marchers of Valhalla	Robert E. Howard
author	The Wrestling is a nonfiction book by Simon Garfield, a British journalist and non-fiction author.	The Wrestling	Simon Garfield
author	``Allal'' is a short story written by American writer, composer, and world traveler Paul Bowles.	Allal	Paul Bowles
author	Lend Me a Tenor is a comedy by Ken Ludwig.	Lend Me a Tenor	Ken Ludwig
author	The Man with My Face is a 1948 mystery novel by Samuel W. Taylor, which was the basis for the 1951 film of the same title.	The Man with My Face	Samuel W. Taylor
author	Choritrohin is a 1917 novel by Bengali novelist Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay.	Choritrohin	Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay
author	Echo in the Skull is a science-fiction novel by British novelist John Brunner, first published in the United States by Ace Books as part of Ace Double #D-385.	Echo in the Skull	John Brunner
author	A Perfect Night to Go to China is a novel by David Gilmour, published in 2005.	A Perfect Night to Go to China	David Gilmour
author	The White Goddess: a Historical Grammar of Poetic Myth is a book-length essay on the nature of poetic myth-making by author and poet Robert Graves.	The White Goddess	Robert Graves
author	To Whom This May Come is a short story by American author Edward Bellamy.	To Whom This May Come	Edward Bellamy
author	Ståle Storli, also spelled Staale Storlid, is the title of a Norwegian folksong and a novel by John Lie, published in 1880.	Ståle Storli	John Lie
author	The Sand Pebbles is a 1962 novel by American author Richard McKenna about a Yangtze River gunboat and its crew in 1926.	The Sand Pebbles	Richard McKenna
author	On the Yankee Station is a short story collection by William Boyd.	On the Yankee Station	William Boyd
author	``Why Should We Idly Waste Our Prime'' is an Scots poem written by Robert Burns.	Why Should We Idly Waste Our Prime	Robert Burns
author	Dancing the Dream is a 1992 book of poems and reflections written by American recording artist Michael Jackson.	Dancing the Dream	Michael Jackson
author	Madness in Valencia (``Los Locos de Valencia'') is a farce from the Spanish Golden Age by Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio.	Madness in Valencia	Lope de Vega
author	The Freshest Boy is a short story by American writer F. Scott Fitzgerald.	The Freshest Boy	F. Scott Fitzgerald
author	The Golden Turkey Awards is a 1980 book by film critic Michael Medved and his brother Harry.	The Golden Turkey Awards	Michael Medved
author	S/Z, published in 1970, is Roland Barthes's structuralist analysis of ``Sarrasine'', the short story by Honoré de Balzac.	S/Z	Roland Barthes
author	The Moffat Museum by Eleanor Estes is the fourth and final novel in the children's series known as The Moffats.	The Moffat Museum	Eleanor Estes
author	Explosion in a Cathedral (Spanish title: El Siglo de las Luces, The Century of Lights) is a historical novel by Cuban writer and musicologist Alejo Carpentier.	Explosion in a Cathedral	Alejo Carpentier
author	Sucker's Portfolio, by Kurt Vonnegut, is a collection of six short stories, one non-fiction essay, and one unfinished short story written by Vonnegut and published posthumously by Amazon Publishing.	Sucker's Portfolio	Kurt Vonnegut
author	An Unsuitable Attachment is a novel by Barbara Pym, written in 1963 and published posthumously in 1982.	An Unsuitable Attachment	Barbara Pym
author	On This Island is a book of poems by W. H. Auden, first published under the title Look, Stranger! in the UK in 1936, then published under Auden's preferred title, On this Island, in the US in 1937.	On This Island	W. H. Auden
author	Here Lies Arthur is a young-adult novel by Philip Reeve, published by Scholastic in 2007.	Here Lies Arthur	Philip Reeve
author	Who Rules America? is a book by psychologist and sociologist G. William Domhoff, first published in 1967 and updated in 2000 & 2009, that argues against the concentration of power and wealth in the American upper class.	Who Rules America?	G. William Domhoff
author	The Cloven Viscount (Italian: Il visconte dimezzato) is a fantasy novel written by Italo Calvino.	The Cloven Viscount	Italo Calvino
author	When God Was a Woman is the U.S. title of a 1976 book by sculptor and art historian Merlin Stone.	When God Was a Woman	Merlin Stone
author	Sengsara Membawa Nikmat (English: Blessing in Disguise) is an Indonesian novel written by Tulis Sutan Sati.	Sengsara Membawa Nikmat	Tulis Sutan Sati
author	Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow or Smilla's Sense of Snow (Danish: Frøken Smillas fornemmelse for sne) is a 1992 novel by Danish author Peter Høeg.	Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow	Peter Høeg
author	The Pigtail of Ah Lee Ben Loo with Seventeen other Laughable Tales and 200 Comical Silhouettes is a children's book written and illustrated by John Bennett.	The Pigtail of Ah Lee Ben Loo	John Bennett
author	Hot Six is the sixth novel by Janet Evanovich featuring the bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and was written in 2000.	Hot Six	Janet Evanovich
author	The Shangri-La Diet is both the name of a book by the psychologist Seth Roberts, a professor at Tsinghua University and professor emeritus at UC Berkeley, and the name of the diet that the book advocates.	The Shangri-La Diet	Seth Roberts
author	Tonio Kröger is a novella by Thomas Mann, written early in 1901, when he was 25.	Tonio Kröger	Thomas Mann
author	Rachel and Leah (2004) is the third novel in the Women of Genesis series by Orson Scott Card.	Rachel and Leah	Orson Scott Card
author	Flight to Arras (French: Pilote de guerre) is a memoir by French author Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.	Flight to Arras	Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
author	The Maytrees is American author Annie Dillard's second novel, a fictional account of the lives of Toby and Lou Maytree in Provincetown, MA, from the time of courting to old age.	The Maytrees	Annie Dillard
author	A Heritage and Its History is a novel by Ivy Compton-Burnett first published in 1959 by Victor Gollancz.	A Heritage and Its History	Ivy Compton-Burnett
author	The Last Jew is a novel by Noah Gordon, 2000.	The Last Jew	Noah Gordon
author	10:04 is the second novel by the American writer Ben Lerner.	10:04	Ben Lerner
author	Postsingular is a 2007 science-fiction novel written by American writer Rudy Rucker.	Postsingular	Rudy Rucker
author	The False Subtlety of the Four Syllogistic Figures Proved (German: Die falsche Spitzfindigkeit der vier syllogistischen Figuren erwiesen) is an essay published by Immanuel Kant in 1762.	The False Subtlety of the Four Syllogistic Figures	Immanuel Kant
author	The Unreals is a science fiction/fantasy novel by Donald Jeffries, published in 2007 by StoneGarden.	The Unreals	Donald Jeffries
author	The Monsters of Templeton is a dramatic novel written by Lauren Groff.	The Monsters of Templeton	Lauren Groff
author	``The Aurelian'' is a short story first written in Russian as Pil'gram by Vladimir Nabokov during his exile in Berlin in 1930.	The Aurelian	Vladimir Nabokov
author	``What Must Be Said'' (German: ``Was gesagt werden muss'') is a 2012 prose poem by the German writer Günter Grass, recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature.	What Must Be Said	Günter Grass
author	Frog and Toad are the main characters in a series of easy-reader children's books, written and illustrated by Arnold Lobel.	Frog and Toad	Arnold Lobel
author	Beat Not the Bones is a 1952 suspense novel (and psychological thriller) by Charlotte Jay (pseudonym of Geraldine Halls) which won the inaugural Edgar award for best novel.	Beat Not the Bones	Charlotte Jay
author	The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook is a bestselling textbook on low-budget and independent film production written by Chris Jones and Genevieve Jolliffe.	The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook	Chris Jones
author	My Little War (Mijn kleine oorlog 1947, translation by Paul Vincent 2010) is the fourth novel by Louis Paul Boon, and the first one to show his formidable innovative powers in shaping literary constructions.	My Little War	Louis Paul Boon
author	The Book of Kane is a collection of fantasy short stories by Karl Edward Wagner featuring his character Kane.	The Book of Kane	Karl Edward Wagner
author	Cracking India, (1991, U.S., 1992, India; originally published as Ice Candy Man, 1988, England) is a novel by author Bapsi Sidhwa.	Cracking India	Bapsi Sidhwa
author	Concepts of Modern Mathematics is a 1975 book by mathematician and science popularizer Ian Stewart about recent developments in mathematics.	Concepts of Modern Mathematics	Ian Stewart
author	Memories, Dreams, Reflections (German title: Erinnerungen, Träume, Gedanken) is a partially autobiographical book by Swiss psychologist Carl Jung and an associate, Aniela Jaffé.	Memories, Dreams, Reflections	Carl Jung
author	Tehelka as Metaphor is a 2009 nonfiction book by Indian journalist, Madhu Trehan.	Tehelka as Metaphor	Madhu Trehan
author	The Satanic Rituals includes the child baptism ritual used by Anton LaVey at the first publicly recorded Satanic baptism in history for his youngest daughter Zeena (in The Satanic Rituals, LaVey dedicates the ceremony to Zeena).	The Satanic Rituals	Anton LaVey
author	The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms, with Observations on their Habits (sometimes shortened to Worms) is an 1881 book by Charles Darwin on earthworms.	The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms	Charles Darwin
author	Maximum Boy is a series of eight chapter books for young readers written by the humorist Dan Greenburg, illustrated by Greg Swearingen, and published by Scholastic from 2001 to 2003.	Maximum Boy	Dan Greenburg
author	The Posthumous Papers of the Pickwick Club (also known as The Pickwick Papers) is Charles Dickens's first novel.	The Pickwick Papers	Charles Dickens
author	For Marx (French: Pour Marx) is a 1965 book by Louis Althusser, a leading theoretician of the French Communist Party.	For Marx	Louis Althusser
author	Hangman's Holiday is a collection of short stories, mostly murder mysteries, by Dorothy L. Sayers.	Hangman's Holiday	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	Pudd'nhead Wilson is a novel by Mark Twain.	Pudd'nhead Wilson	Mark Twain
author	The Second Form at Malory Towers is a children's novel by Enid Blyton set in an English boarding school.	The Second Form at Malory Towers	Enid Blyton
author	If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans is a book by American conservative columnist Ann Coulter.	If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans	Ann Coulter
author	Speaker for the Dead is a 1986 science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and an indirect sequel to the novel Ender's Game.	Speaker for the Dead	Orson Scott Card
author	The Devil and Miss Prym (Portuguese: O Demônio e a Srta. Prym) is a novel by the Brazilian novelist Paulo Coelho.	The Devil and Miss Prym	Paulo Coelho
author	A History of Money and Banking in the United States is a 2002 book by economist Murray Rothbard.	A History of Money and Banking in the United States	Murray Rothbard
author	Conservatives without Conscience is a book written by John Dean, who served as White House Counsel under U.S. President Richard Nixon and then helped to break the Watergate scandal with his testimony before the United States Senate.	Conservatives without Conscience	John Dean
author	The Silent Gondoliers (ISBN 0-345-44263-6) is a 1983 novel written by William Goldman, under the pseudonym of ``S. Morgenstern'', about why the gondoliers of Venice no longer sing through the tale of the protagonist Luigi.	The Silent Gondoliers	William Goldman
author	``Ker-Plop'' is a science fiction novella written in 1979 by Ted Reynolds.	Ker-Plop	Ted Reynolds
author	Tarry Flynn is a novel by Irish poet and novelist Patrick Kavanagh, set in 1930s rural Ireland.	Tarry Flynn	Patrick Kavanagh
author	The Wizard of Linn is a science fiction novel written by A. E. van Vogt and a sequel to Empire of the Atom.	The Wizard of Linn	A. E. van Vogt
author	The Dragon Can't Dance is a 1979 novel by Trinidadian author Earl Lovelace, set in a slum of Port of Spain.	The Dragon Can't Dance	Earl Lovelace
author	D.C.O. Cargunka is a fictional sailor created by English writer William Hope Hodgson.	D.C.O. Cargunka	William Hope Hodgson
author	Black Mischief was Evelyn Waugh's third novel, published in 1932.	Black Mischief	Evelyn Waugh
author	The Refugees (1893) is a historical novel by British writer Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Refugees	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	A Walk to Wachusett is an essay penned by Henry David Thoreau accounting an excursion he took with a companion, Richard Fuller, from Concord, Massachusetts to the summit of Mount Wachusett located in Princeton, Massachusetts.	A Walk to Wachusett	Henry David Thoreau
author	The Harleian Miscellany is a collection of material from the library of the Earl of Oxford collated and edited by Samuel Johnson and William Oldys between 1744 and 1753 on behalf of the publisher Thomas Osborne.	The Harleian Miscellany	Samuel Johnson
author	The Day of Forever, is a short-story collection by J. G. Ballard.	The Day of Forever	J. G. Ballard
author	Starship Traveller is a single-player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and illustrated by Peter Andrew Jones.	Starship Traveller	Steve Jackson
author	Space Platform is a YA science fiction novel by author Murray Leinster.	Space Platform	Murray Leinster
author	The King's Damosel (also known as The King's Damsel) is a fantasy novel based on Arthurian legend by Vera Chapman first published in 1976.	The King's Damosel	Vera Chapman
author	The Scarlet Fig: or, Slowly through a Land of Stone, is a fantasy novel by Avram Davidson, edited by Grania Davis and Henry Wessells, published in hardcover by Rose Press in 2005.	The Scarlet Fig	Avram Davidson
author	The Tin-Pot Foreign General and the Old Iron Woman (ISBN 0241113628) is a 1984 picture book, ostensibly for very young children, written and illustrated by Raymond Briggs and published by Hamish Hamilton.	The Tin-Pot Foreign General and the Old Iron Woman	Raymond Briggs
author	C Traps and Pitfalls is a slim computer programming book by former AT&T Corporation researcher and programmer Andrew Koenig, its first edition still in print in 2005, which outlines the many ways in which beginners and even sometimes quite experienced C programmers can write poor, malfunctioning and dangerous source code.	C Traps and Pitfalls	Andrew Koenig
author	TCP/IP Illustrated is the name of a series of 3 books written by W. Richard Stevens.	TCP/IP Illustrated	W. Richard Stevens
author	Menino de engenho (Plantation boy) is a novel written by the Brazilian writer José Lins do Rego.	Menino de engenho	José Lins do Rego
author	The Diary of a Cross-Stealer (Խաչագողի հիշատակարանը / Khachagoghi Hishatakarane) is an 1890 novel by the Armenian novelist Raffi.	The Diary of a Cross-Stealer	Raffi
author	Chronopolis and Other Stories is a 1971 collection of science fiction stories by J. G. Ballard.	Chronopolis and Other Stories	J. G. Ballard
author	Gødland is an American comic book series by Joe Casey and Tom Scioli, published by Image Comics from 2005 to 2012.	Gødland	Joe Casey
author	The Rain Before It Falls is a lyrical novel written by British author Jonathan Coe.	The Rain Before It Falls	Jonathan Coe
author	The Twelve Little Cakes (2004) is a memoir by Czech author Dominika Dery.	The Twelve Little Cakes	Dominika Dery
author	Because of Winn-Dixie is a children's novel written by Kate DiCamillo, which was published in 2000, and was the winner of a Newbery Honor distinction the following year.	Because of Winn-Dixie	Kate DiCamillo
author	Fall on Your Knees is a novel by Canadian playwright, actor and novelist Ann-Marie MacDonald.	Fall on Your Knees	Ann-Marie MacDonald
author	``First Law'' is a science fiction short story by American writer Isaac Asimov, first published in the October 1956 issue of Fantastic Universe magazine and later collected in The Rest of the Robots (1964) and The Complete Robot (1982).	First Law	Isaac Asimov
author	The Millionaire Mind, published February 1, 2000 by Thomas J. Stanley, draws from the author's research of America's affluent to examine the ideas, beliefs and practices of the segment of the financial elite that use little or no consumer credit.	The Millionaire Mind	Thomas J. Stanley
author	``Gimpel the Fool'' (1953) is a short story by Isaac Bashevis Singer, translated into English by Saul Bellow in 1953.	Gimpel the Fool	Isaac Bashevis Singer
author	Un taxi mauve (``a mauve taxi'') is a 1973 novel by the French writer Michel Déon.	Un taxi mauve	Michel Déon
author	Wildwood Dancing is a young adult fantasy novel written by author Juliet Marillier and published by Pan Macmillan Australia in 2006.	Wildwood Dancing	Juliet Marillier
author	Mr. Monk on Patrol is the thirteenth novel written by Lee Goldberg to be based on the television series Monk.	Mr. Monk on Patrol	Lee Goldberg
author	Patience and Sarah is a 1969 historical fiction novel with strong lesbian themes by Alma Routsong, using the pen name Isabel Miller.	Patience and Sarah	Alma Routsong
author	Babyji is a novel by Abha Dawesar first published in 2005.	Babyji	Abha Dawesar
author	Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (or, in more recent editions, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn) is a novel by Mark Twain, first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885.	Adventures of Huckleberry Finn	Mark Twain
author	Los Amos del Valle is a Venezuelan novel written by psychiatrist Francisco Herrera Luque and published in 1979.	Los Amos del Valle	Francisco Herrera Luque
author	Twilight in the Forbidden City (Chinese: 紫禁城的黄昏; pinyin: Zǐjìnchéng de Huánghūn) is Reginald Johnston's 486-page memoir of Henry Puyi, who had been the Xuantong Emperor of the Qing dynasty.	Twilight in the Forbidden City	Reginald Johnston
author	Shabash Professor Shonku (Bravo Professor Shonku) is a Professor Shonku series book written by Satyajit Ray and published by Ananda Publishers in 1974.	Shabash Professor Shonku	Satyajit Ray
author	A Long Long Way is a novel by Irish author Sebastian Barry, set during the First World War.	A Long Long Way	Sebastian Barry
author	Elizabeth and After is a novel by Matt Cohen, first published in 1999 by Knopf Canada.	Elizabeth and After	Matt Cohen
author	Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East is a novel by William Delafield Arnold, first published in 1853.	Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East	William Delafield Arnold
author	Dear Mr. Capote is a 1983 novel by Gordon Lish.	Dear Mr. Capote	Gordon Lish
author	The Book of Healing (Arabic: کتاب الشفاء Kitab Al-Shifaʾ, Latin: Sufficientia) is a scientific and philosophical encyclopedia written by Abū Alī ibn Sīnā (Avicenna) from ancient Persia, near Bukhara in Greater Khorasan.	The Book of Healing	Avicenna
author	Blanquerna (Catalan pronunciation: (bɫəŋˈkɛrnə)) is a novel written around 1283 by Ramon Llull.	Blanquerna	Ramon Llull
author	``Epitaph to a Dog'' (also sometimes referred to as ``Inscription on the Monument to a Newfoundland Dog'') is a poem by the British poet Lord Byron.	Epitaph to a Dog	Lord Byron
author	Var är bus-Alfons? is a 1982 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Var är bus-Alfons?	Gunilla Bergström
author	The Promise of American Life is a book published by Herbert Croly, founder of The New Republic, in 1909.	The Promise of American Life	Herbert Croly
author	The Peripheral is a 2014 science fiction mystery-thriller novel by William Gibson.	The Peripheral	William Gibson
author	A Short History of the English People is a book written by English historian John Richard Green.	A Short History of the English People	John Richard Green
author	A Hidden Life is a memoir by the Dutch-American author Johanna Reiss.	A Hidden Life	Johanna Reiss
author	Gideon's Day is the first in a series of police procedural novels by John Creasey writing as J.J. Marric.	Gideon's Day	John Creasey
author	The Poem of the Man-God (Italian title: Il Poema dell'Uomo-Dio) is a multi volume book of about five thousand pages on the life of Jesus Christ written by Maria Valtorta.	The Poem of the Man-God	Maria Valtorta
author	``Umney's Last Case'' is a short story by American author Stephen King, first published in King's collection Nightmares & Dreamscapes (1993).	Umney's Last Case	Stephen King
author	The Throwback is a 1978 satirical novel by Tom Sharpe.	The Throwback	Tom Sharpe
author	Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms (1998) is the eighth volume of collected essays by the Harvard paleontologist Stephen Jay Gould.	Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms	Stephen Jay Gould
author	Coming Up for Air is a novel by George Orwell, first published in June 1939, shortly before the outbreak of World War II. It combines premonitions of the impending war with images of an idyllic Thames-side Edwardian era childhood.	Coming Up for Air	George Orwell
author	``The Gunslinger and the Dark Man'' is a short story by Stephen King, originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction in November 1981.	The Gunslinger and the Dark Man	Stephen King
author	The Killing of Tupac Shakur is a biographical and true-crime account by American journalist and author Cathy Scott of the 1996 murder of rapper Tupac Shakur.	The Killing of Tupac Shakur	Cathy Scott
author	Last Drinks is a 2000 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Andrew McGahan.	Last Drinks	Andrew McGahan
author	Conan the Avenger is a 1968 collection of two fantasy works written by Björn Nyberg, Robert E. Howard and L. Sprague de Camp featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan the Avenger	Björn Nyberg	Robert E. Howard
author	As Sure as the Dawn (1995) is a novel by Francine Rivers, and the third book in the Mark of the Lion Series.	As Sure as the Dawn	Francine Rivers
author	Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential is the bestselling book by pastor Joel Osteen.	Your Best Life Now	Joel Osteen
author	Facing the Future is a young adult Christian novel written by Jerry B. Jenkins and Tim LaHaye, number four of the Left Behind:	Facing the Future	Jerry B. Jenkins	Tim LaHaye
author	The Theory of Money and Credit is a 1912 economics book written by Ludwig von Mises, originally published in German as Theorie des Geldes und der Umlaufsmittel.	The Theory of Money and Credit	Ludwig von Mises
author	In the Valley (1890) is a historical novel by Anglo-American novelist Harold Frederic.	In the Valley	Harold Frederic
author	The First Casualty (2005) is a historical crime novel by English author Ben Elton, set during the First World War.	The First Casualty	Ben Elton
author	What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day is a novel by Pearl Cleage, and was chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in September 1998.	What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day	Pearl Cleage
author	Calico Captive is Elizabeth George Speare's first historical fiction children's novel.	Calico Captive	Elizabeth George Speare
author	The Naked Society is a 1964 book on privacy by Vance Packard.	The Naked Society	Vance Packard
author	Home, and Other Big, Fat Lies is a middle grade novel by Jill Wolfson.	Home, and Other Big, Fat Lies	Jill Wolfson
author	2 Die 4 is a novel by British author Nigel Hinton first published in 2009.	2 Die 4	Nigel Hinton
author	Human Croquet is the second novel of Kate Atkinson.	Human Croquet	Kate Atkinson
author	Spring Storm is a 1937 play written by American playwright Tennessee Williams.	Spring Storm	Tennessee Williams
author	The New Science (original title Scienza Nuova (ˈʃɛntsa ˈnwɔːva)) is the major work of Italian philosopher Giambattista Vico, published in 1725.	The New Science	Giambattista Vico
author	Through a Glass, Clearly (1967) is a collection of four short stories by Isaac Asimov.	Through a Glass, Clearly	Isaac Asimov
author	The Flying Sorcerers is a humorous 1971 science fiction novel by David Gerrold and Larry Niven.	The Flying Sorcerers	David Gerrold
author	The Art of Transformation (ISBN 9781933966007) is a 2006 book by former U.S. House Speaker Newt Gingrich and Nancy Desmond.	The Art of Transformation	Newt Gingrich
author	``Æpyornis Island'', or ``Aepyornis Island'', is a short story by H. G. Wells, first published in 1894 in the Pall Mall Budget.	Æpyornis Island	H. G. Wells
author	Cutters Don't Cry is a young adult novel written by American author Christine Dzidrums, first published in 2010.	Cutters Don't Cry	Christine Dzidrums
author	Torch of Freedom is a science fiction novel by American writers David Weber and Eric Flint, published on November 3, 2009.	Torch of Freedom	David Weber	Eric Flint
author	La Guerre is a novel by French Nobel laureate writer J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as War.	La Guerre	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Blue Genes is the fifth story in the ``Kate Brannigan Series'' written by Val McDermid A popular Scottish author.	Blue Genes	Val McDermid
author	Divina Trace (1991) is an experimental novel by Robert Antoni, and the winner of the 1992 Commonwealth Writers Prize for best first novel.	Divina Trace	Robert Antoni
author	The Orphan of the Rhine was a gothic novel by Eleanor Sleath, listed as one of the seven ``horrid novels'' by Jane Austen in her novel Northanger Abbey.	The Orphan of the Rhine	Eleanor Sleath
author	Aramis, or the Love of Technology, was written by French sociologist/anthropologist Bruno Latour.	Aramis, or the Love of Technology	Bruno Latour
author	The End of the Affair (1951) is a novel by British author Graham Greene, as well as the title of two feature films (released in 1955 and 1999) that were adapted from the novel.	The End of the Affair	Graham Greene
author	The Moonlight Bay Trilogy is a proposed trilogy of three novels by Dean Koontz.	Moonlight Bay Trilogy	Dean Koontz
author	The Coroner's Lunch is a crime novel by British author Colin Cotterill first published in 2004.	The Coroner's Lunch	Colin Cotterill
author	The Durdane series is a trilogy of science fiction books written by Jack Vance between 1971 and 1973, and detail the political and social adventures of Gastel Etzwane on the world Durdane.	Durdane series	Jack Vance
author	Upara (a Marathi language word meaning outsider) is an autobiography written by Laxman Mane, a writer who lives in the state of Maharashtra, India.	Upara	Laxman Mane
author	Is Religion Dangerous? is a book by Keith Ward examining the questions: ``Is religion dangerous?	Is Religion Dangerous?	Keith Ward
author	The Petrified Planet is an anthology of three original science fiction stories, edited by the uncredited Fletcher Pratt and published by Twayne in 1952.	The Petrified Planet	Fletcher Pratt
author	The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears, is the debut novel of Ethiopian author Dinaw Mengestu.	The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears	Dinaw Mengestu
author	Between Facts and Norms (German: Faktizität und Geltung) is a 1992 book on deliberative politics by the German political philosopher Jürgen Habermas.	Between Facts and Norms	Jürgen Habermas
author	Hons and Rebels is an autobiography by political activist Jessica Mitford, which describes her aristocratic childhood and the conflicts between her and her sisters Unity and Diana, who were ardent supporters of Nazism.	Hons and Rebels	Jessica Mitford
author	This Law of Ours and Other Essays is a book written by Muhammad Asad, first published by Dar al-Andalus, Gibraltar in 1987.	This Law of Ours and Other Essays	Muhammad Asad
author	The Man Who Folded Himself is a 1973 science fiction novel by David Gerrold that deals with time travel.	The Man Who Folded Himself	David Gerrold
author	The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga is edited by ILYA.	The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga	ILYA
author	Impossible Things is a collection of short stories by Connie Willis, first published in 1993, that includes tales of ecological disaster, humorous satire, tragedy, and satirical alternate realities.	Impossible Things	Connie Willis
author	The Accidental Time Machine is a science-fiction novel by Joe Haldeman that was published in 2007.	The Accidental Time Machine	Joe Haldeman
author	The Hoopster (2005) is a novel by American author Alan Lawrence Sitomer.	The Hoopster	Alan Lawrence Sitomer
author	Hover Car Racer is a Sci-fi/Sports/Action story written by Australian author Matthew Reilly, originally released as a free fortnightly online serial, and later published by Pan MacMillan in 2004.	Hover Car Racer	Matthew Reilly
author	The World's Desire is a classic fantasy novel first published in 1890 and written by H. Rider Haggard and Andrew Lang.	The World's Desire	H. Rider Haggard	Andrew Lang
author	Wives and Concubines (妻妾成群 Qīqiè Chéngqún) is a 1990 novel by Su Tong that describes a college girl whose mind is broken by the concubine system in 1930s China.	Wives and Concubines	Su Tong
author	Soccer Comes First (originally published as Soccer Is Also a Game) is a 1966 children's novel by prolific British author Michael Hardcastle.	Soccer Comes First	Michael Hardcastle
author	The War of the End of the World (Spanish: La guerra del fin del mundo) is a 1981 novel written by Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa.	The War of the End of the World	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Cannon-Fodder (French: Casse-pipe) is an unfinished novel by the French writer Louis-Ferdinand Céline.	Cannon-Fodder	Louis-Ferdinand Céline
author	Mysteries of the Moonsea was written by Wil Upchurch, Sean K. Reynolds, Darrin Drader and Thomas M. Reid, and published in June 2006.	Mysteries of the Moonsea	Thomas M. Reid
author	The Kill Artist is a 2000 spy novel by American author Daniel Silva.	The Kill Artist	Daniel Silva
author	Our Lady of the Nile (French: Notre Dame du Nil) is a French-language novel by Scholastique Mukasonga, originally published in 2012 by Éditions Gallimard.	Our Lady of the Nile	Scholastique Mukasonga
author	The Sensitive Man is a science fiction novella by Poul Anderson that was first published in the January 1954 issue of Fantastic Universe and reprinted in the 1981 collection The Psychotechnic League.	The Sensitive Man	Poul Anderson
author	The Damnation of Theron Ware (published in England as Illumination) is an 1896 novel by American author Harold Frederic.	The Damnation of Theron Ware	Harold Frederic
author	Space Station Seventh Grade is a young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli, published in 1982; it was his debut novel.	Space Station Seventh Grade	Jerry Spinelli
author	From A to Z, in the Chocolate Alphabet, a work by Harlan Ellison, is a collection of 26 extremely short stories on abstract and basically unrelated topics, displaying various aspects of Ellison's well known preoccupations with morality, mythology, the trivia of history, and humor.	From A to Z, in the Chocolate Alphabet	Harlan Ellison
author	The Burden of Proof, published in 1990, is Scott Turow's second novel, somewhat of a sequel to Presumed Innocent.	The Burden of Proof	Scott Turow
author	The Eye of the Heron is a 1978 science fiction novel by U.S. author Ursula K. Le Guin which was first published in the science fiction anthology Millennial Women.	The Eye of the Heron	Ursula K. Le Guin
author	A Child's Christmas in Wales is a prose work by the Welsh poet Dylan Thomas.	A Child's Christmas in Wales	Dylan Thomas
author	The Simple Art of Murder refers to hard-boiled detective fiction author Raymond Chandler's critical essay, a magazine article, and his collection of short stories.	The Simple Art of Murder	Raymond Chandler
author	Lottie and Lisa (original German title: Das doppelte Lottchen ``The double Lottie'') is a 1949 novel by Erich Kästner, about twin girls separated at birth who meet at summer camp.	Lottie and Lisa	Erich Kästner
author	Chief Culture Officer (2009) is the eighth book by Canadian author and anthropologist Grant McCracken.	Chief Culture Officer	Grant McCracken
author	The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen is a 1963 novel by the American writer and rabbi Herbert Tarr about a young rabbi serving as a United States Air Force military chaplain.	The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen	Herbert Tarr
author	Winesburg, Ohio (full title: Winesburg, Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small-Town Life) is a 1919 short story cycle by the American author Sherwood Anderson.	Winesburg, Ohio	Sherwood Anderson
author	John Needham's Double is an 1885 novel and 1891 play by Joseph Hatton, and 1916 silent film.	John Needham's Double	Joseph Hatton
author	The Borderland of Sol is an English language science fiction novelette written in 1975 by Larry Niven.	The Borderland of Sol	Larry Niven
author	The Chainbearer; or The Littlepage Manuscripts is a novel by the American novelist James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1845.	The Chainbearer	James Fenimore Cooper
author	Tickets to the Devil (1968) by Richard P. Powell is novel taking a glimpse into the world of duplicate bridge in the late 1960s.	Tickets to the Devil	Richard P. Powell
author	Straight and Crooked Thinking, first published in 1930 and revised in 1953, is a book by Robert H. Thouless which describes, assesses and critically analyses flaws in reasoning and argument.	Straight and Crooked Thinking	Robert H. Thouless
author	The Toll-Gate is a Regency novel by Georgette Heyer, which takes place in 1817.	The Toll-Gate	Georgette Heyer
author	Danger Along the Ohio is a novel of historical fiction written by Patricia Willis and first published in 1997, it was the paperback edition.	Danger Along the Ohio	Patricia Willis
author	Franka is a popular Dutch comic book series drawn and written since the mid-1970s by the graphic artist Henk Kuijpers.	Franka	Henk Kuijpers
author	Dialogues of the Gods (Ancient Greek: Θεῶν Διάλογοι) are 25 miniature dialogues mocking the Homeric conception of the Greek gods written in Attic Greek by Syrian author Lucian of Samosata.	Dialogues of the Gods	Lucian
author	A Manhã do Mundo (literally The Morning of the World) is a debut novel by the Portuguese writer Pedro Guilherme-Moreira.	A Manhã do Mundo	Pedro Guilherme-Moreira
author	By the Candelabra's Glare is a 1898 collection of poems written by L. Frank Baum.	By the Candelabra's Glare	L. Frank Baum
author	Sun Horse, Moon Horse is a historical novel for children written by Rosemary Sutcliff and published in 1977.	Sun Horse, Moon Horse	Rosemary Sutcliff
author	Helbeck of Bannisdale is a novel by Mary Augusta Ward, first published in 1898.	Helbeck of Bannisdale	Mary Augusta Ward
author	Dada Kamred (Hindi: दादा कॉमरेड) is a novel written by Yashpal.	Dada Kamred	Yashpal
author	The Death-Defying Pepper Roux is a 2010 book by British children's author Geraldine McCaughrean.	The Death-Defying Pepper Roux	Geraldine McCaughrean
author	The Reprieve (French: Le sursis) is a 1945 novel by Jean-Paul Sartre.	The Reprieve	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	The Little Emperors is a 1951 historical novel by the English author Alfred Duggan.	The Little Emperors	Alfred Duggan
author	Isle of Fire was written by Wayne Thomas Batson and published in 2008 as the sequel to his book Isle of Swords.	Isle of Fire	Wayne Thomas Batson
author	Grasshopper Jungle is a 2014 young adult novel written by American author Andrew A. Smith that follows a cast of characters living in the fictional, run-down, half-abandoned town of Ealing, Iowa.	Grasshopper Jungle	Andrew A. Smith
author	Anti-intellectualism in American Life is a book by Richard Hofstadter published in 1963 that won the 1964 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.	Anti-intellectualism in American Life	Richard Hofstadter
author	Moments of Being is a collection of posthumously-published autobiographical essays by Virginia Woolf.	Moments of Being	Virginia Woolf
author	The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists is a novel by Robert Tressell first published in 1914 after his death in 1911.	The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists	Robert Tressell
author	Leather Maiden is a crime/mystery novel written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	Leather Maiden	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Ragazzi di vita (Italian pronunciation: (raˈɡattsi di ˈviːta); English: literally boys of life, idiomatically hustlers) is a novel by Italian author, poet and intellectual Pier Paolo Pasolini.	Ragazzi di vita	Pier Paolo Pasolini
author	Confessions of an English Opium-Eater (1821) is an autobiographical account written by Thomas De Quincey, about his laudanum (opium and alcohol) addiction and its effect on his life.	Confessions of an English Opium-Eater	Thomas De Quincey
author	Capable of Honor is a 1966 political novel written by Allen Drury.	Capable of Honor	Allen Drury
author	The Reavers is a 2007 comic novel from George MacDonald Fraser set during the Elizabethan Era.	The Reavers	George MacDonald Fraser
author	Oriental Tales (French: Nouvelles orientales) is a 1938 short story collection by the French writer Marguerite Yourcenar.	Oriental Tales	Marguerite Yourcenar
author	Myši Natálie Mooshabrové is a Czech psychological novel by Ladislav Fuks.	Myši Natálie Mooshabrové	Ladislav Fuks
author	Plåster (lit. Plaster) is the sixth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren.	Plåster	Klas Östergren
author	Bright Island is a children's novel by Mabel Robinson.	Bright Island	Mabel Robinson
author	Tusen gånger starkare (A Thousand Times Stronger) is a 2006 young adult novel written by Christina Herrström.	Tusen gånger starkare	Christina Herrström
author	I Shall Wear Midnight is an Andre Norton Award-winning comic fantasy novel by Terry Pratchett set on the Discworld.	I Shall Wear Midnight	Terry Pratchett
author	The Peppered Moth is a 2000 novel by English writer Margaret Drabble; it is her fourteenth published novel.	The Peppered Moth	Margaret Drabble
author	The Character of Physical Law is a series of seven lectures by physicist Richard Feynman concerning the nature of the laws of physics.	The Character of Physical Law	Richard Feynman
author	Arthur's Nose is a children's book written and illustrated by writer Marc Brown, focusing on the experiences of Arthur Read, a fictional anthropomorphic bipedal aardvark.	Arthur's Nose	Marc Brown
author	Medicamina Faciei Femineae (Cosmetics for the Female Face, also known as The Art of Beauty) is a didactic poem written in elegiac couplets by the Roman poet Ovid.	Medicamina Faciei Femineae	Ovid
author	Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha is a novel by Irish writer Roddy Doyle, first published in 1993 by Secker and Warburg.	Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha	Roddy Doyle
author	Pitcher-Plants of Borneo is a monograph by Anthea Phillipps and Anthony Lamb on the tropical pitcher plants of Borneo.	Pitcher-Plants of Borneo	Anthea Phillipps	Anthony Lamb
author	Lu Ann Hampton Laverty Oberlander is the second play in the series A Texas Trilogy by Preston Jones.	Lu Ann Hampton Laverty Oberlander	Preston Jones
author	In mathematics, Canon arithmeticus is a table of indices and powers with respect to primitive roots for prime powers less than 1000, originally published by Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi (1839).	Canon arithmeticus	Carl Gustav Jacob Jacobi
author	The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God (and Some Lesser Tales) is a book of short stories written by George Bernard Shaw.	The Adventures of the Black Girl in Her Search for God	George Bernard Shaw
author	The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma (Polish title: Kariera Nikodema Dyzmy) is a 1932 Polish bestselling novel by Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz.	The Career of Nicodemus Dyzma	Tadeusz Dołęga-Mostowicz
author	The Tears of Autumn (1974) is American author Charles McCarry's second novel, and the second novel in the Paul Christopher series.	The Tears of Autumn	Charles McCarry
author	Naši furianti (in English: Our Swaggerers) is a Czech play based on story by Ladislav Stroupežnický, played for the first time in 1887.	Naši furianti	Ladislav Stroupežnický
author	The Fire Pony is a children's novel written by Rodman Philbrick, first published in the United States in 1996 by Blue Sky Press.	The Fire Pony	Rodman Philbrick
author	Economy and Society is a book by political economist and sociologist Max Weber, published posthumously in Germany in 1922 by his wife Marianne.	Economy and Society	Max Weber
author	A Matter of Profit is a science fiction novel written by Hilari Bell published in 2001.	A Matter of Profit	Hilari Bell
author	Murder at School is a detective novel by James Hilton first published in 1931.	Murder at School	James Hilton
author	Earth Inferno is the first book by the English artist and magician Austin Osman Spare when he was 18.	Earth Inferno	Austin Osman Spare
author	Rage of a Demon King is the third book in Raymond E. Feist's Serpentwar Saga and the eleventh book of his Riftwar cycle.	Rage of a Demon King	Raymond E. Feist
author	The Desire of Ages is a book about the life of Jesus Christ by the Seventh-day Adventist pioneer Ellen G. White.	The Desire of Ages	Ellen G. White
author	Cousin Henry is a novel by Anthony Trollope first published in 1879.	Cousin Henry	Anthony Trollope
author	Ecstasy and Me is the tell-all style autobiography of Austrian-born actress and scientist Hedy Lamarr, co-written with Leo Guild and Cy Rice and first published in 1966.	Ecstasy and Me	Hedy Lamarr
author	Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is a children's novel by Judy Blume, first published in 1972.	Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great	Judy Blume
author	The Georgics (/ˈdʒɔrdʒɪks/; Latin: Georgica (ɡɛˈoːrɡɪka)) is a poem in four books, likely published in 29 BC. It is the second major work by the Latin poet Virgil, following his Eclogues and preceding the Aeneid.	Georgics	Virgil
author	The Amazing Bone is a 32-page picture book by William Steig from 1976.	The Amazing Bone	William Steig
author	``Encounter in the Dawn'' is a short story by Arthur C. Clarke published in 1953 in the magazine Amazing Stories.	Encounter in the Dawn	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Johnny Gone Down is second novel written by Indian Author Karan Bajaj about an Ivy League Scholar who had a bright future at NASA ahead of him but things seem to take a dramatic turn from an innocent vacation.	Johnny Gone Down	Karan Bajaj
author	Other Lives but Mine (French: D'autres vies que la mienne) is a 2009 book by the French writer Emmanuel Carrère.	Other Lives but Mine	Emmanuel Carrère
author	The Cat Who Saw Red is the fourth book in the Cat Who series of mystery novels by Lilian Jackson Braun, published in 1986.	The Cat Who Saw Red	Lilian Jackson Braun
author	Science Fiction Terror Tales is an anthology of science fiction horror short stories edited by Groff Conklin.	Science Fiction Terror Tales	Groff Conklin
author	Urban the Ninth is a 1973 Novel by Scottish writer Bruce Marshall.	Urban the Ninth	Bruce Marshall
author	``Dr. Heidegger's Experiment'' is a short story by American author Nathaniel Hawthorne, about a doctor who claims to have been sent water from the Fountain of Youth.	Dr. Heidegger's Experiment	Nathaniel Hawthorne
author	Lectures on Jurisprudence, also called Lectures on Justice, Police, Revenue and Arms (1763) is a collection of Adam Smith's lectures, comprising notes taken from his early lectures.	Lectures on Jurisprudence	Adam Smith
author	When the World Shook is a novel by H. Rider Haggard written in 1919.	When the World Shook	H. Rider Haggard
author	Fear and Misery of the Third Reich (German: Furcht und Elend des Dritten Reiches), also known as The Private Life of the Master Race, is one of Bertolt Brecht's most famous plays and the first of his openly anti-Nazi works.	Fear and Misery of the Third Reich	Bertolt Brecht
author	Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is the original title of a novella written by the Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson first published in 1886.	Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde	Robert Louis Stevenson
author	30 Days in Sydney is a book written by Australian novelist Peter Carey.	30 Days in Sydney	Peter Carey
author	In computing, the Common Public License (CPL) is a free software / open-source software license published by IBM.	Common Public License	IBM
author	Le Fils naturel (English: The Natural Son) is a 1757 play by Denis Diderot.	Le Fils naturel	Denis Diderot
author	Le Curé de Tours is a long short story (or, more properly, a novella) by Honoré de Balzac, written in 1832.	Le Curé de Tours	Honoré de Balzac
author	She Returns to the Floating World is a book of poetry that was written by Jeannine Hall Gailey and published by Kitsune Books in 2011.	She Returns to the Floating World	Jeannine Hall Gailey
author	Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear is a children's picture book written and illustrated by Mick Inkpen, published in 2006.	Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear	Mick Inkpen
author	The Road to Jerusalem (Swedish: Vägen till Jerusalem) is the first book in Jan Guillou's The Knight Templar book series.	The Road to Jerusalem	Jan Guillou
author	Grammar of the Gothic Language is a book by Joseph Wright describing the extinct Gothic language, first published in 1910.	Grammar of the Gothic Language	Joseph Wright
author	The Enemy Papers is a short story collection by Barry B. Longyear containing the novella Enemy Mine, later made into a feature-length film of the same name, along with two sequels:	The Enemy Papers	Barry B. Longyear
author	You Know Me Al is a book by Ring Lardner, and subsequently a nationally syndicated comic strip scripted by Lardner and drawn by Will B. Johnstone and Dick Dorgan.	You Know Me Al	Ring Lardner
author	The Reign of the Brown Magician (1996) is the final fantasy novel in The Worlds of Shadow trilogy by Lawrence Watt-Evans.	The Reign of the Brown Magician	Lawrence Watt-Evans
author	Pseudolus is a play by the ancient Roman playwright Titus Maccius Plautus.	Pseudolus	Plautus
author	Moonheart is an urban fantasy novel by Charles de Lint.	Moonheart	Charles de Lint
author	Year's Best SF 10 (ISBN 0-06-057561-1) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2005.	Year's Best SF 10	David G. Hartwell	Kathryn Cramer
author	The Fifth Gospel (Das fünfte Evangelium), first published in Germany in 1993, is a novel by Philipp Vandenberg.	The Fifth Gospel	Philipp Vandenberg
author	The Spirit of Romance is a 1910 book of literary criticism by the poet Ezra Pound.	The Spirit of Romance	Ezra Pound
author	Staying On is a novel by Paul Scott, which was published in 1977 and won the Booker Prize.	Staying On	Paul Scott
author	The Impulse to Preserve is Robert Gardner's 2006 memoir about his career creating actuality films.	The Impulse to Preserve	Robert Gardner
author	Half the Blood of Brooklyn is a 2007 pulp-noir / horror novel by American writer Charlie Huston.	Half the Blood of Brooklyn	Charlie Huston
author	Handling the Undead (Swedish: Hanteringen av odöda) is a 2005 horror novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist, translated into English in 2009.	Handling the Undead	John Ajvide Lindqvist
author	Rediscovering God in America is a book written by former House Speaker Newt Gingrich with photography from his wife Callista Gingrich.	Rediscovering God in America	Newt Gingrich
author	Voices of a People's History of the United States (ISBN 978-1583229163) is an anthology edited by Howard Zinn and Anthony Arnove.	Voices of a People's History of the United States	Howard Zinn
author	The Edict on Maximum Prices (Latin: Ēdictum Dē Pretiīs Rērum Vēnālium, ``Edict Concerning the Sale Price of Goods''; also known as the Edict on Prices or the Edict of Diocletian) was issued in 301 by Roman Emperor Diocletian.	Edict on Maximum Prices	Diocletian
author	Computers and Typesetting is a 5-volume set of books by Donald Knuth published in 1986 describing the TeX and Metafont systems for digital typography.	Computers and Typesetting	Donald Knuth
author	The Money Lenders is a 1981 book on finance by British journalist Anthony Sampson.	The Money Lenders	Anthony Sampson
author	Breaking Stalin's Nose is a 2011 children's historical novel written and illustrated by Eugene Yelchin.	Breaking Stalin's Nose	Eugene Yelchin
author	Annales Ecclesiastici (full title Annales ecclesiastici a Christo nato ad annum 1198; ``Ecclesiastical annals from Christ's nativity to 1198''), consisting of twelve folio volumes, is a history of the first 12 centuries of the Christian Church, written by Caesar Baronius.	Annales Ecclesiastici	Caesar Baronius
author	The Hill of Devi is an account by E. M. Forster of two visits to India in 1912-1913 and 1921, during which he worked as the private secretary to Tukojirao III, the Maharaja of the state of Dewas Senior.	The Hill of Devi	E. M. Forster
author	The Morgaine Stories, also known as The Morgaine Cycle, are a series of science fantasy novels by science fiction and fantasy writer C. J. Cherryh, published by DAW Books.	The Morgaine Stories	C. J. Cherryh
author	Boy A is the title of a 2004 novel by British writer Jonathan Trigell.	Boy A	Jonathan Trigell
author	The Deniers is a 2008 book by Lawrence Solomon, a Canadian environmentalist and writer.	The Deniers	Lawrence Solomon
author	The Stolen Spring (Danish: Det Forsømte Forår, The Neglected Spring) is a Danish novel by Hans Scherfig, published first in 1940.	Stolen Spring	Hans Scherfig
author	The Colossus of Maroussi is an impressionist travelogue by Henry Miller which was first published in 1941 by Colt Press of San Francisco.	The Colossus of Maroussi	Henry Miller
author	The Memoirs of Cleopatra is a 1997 historical fiction novel written by American author Margaret George, detailing the purported life of Cleopatra VII, Queen of Egypt.	The Memoirs of Cleopatra	Margaret George
author	De Geuzen (``The Geuzen'') was a Belgian comics series, drawn by Willy Vandersteen from 1985 until his death in 1990.	De Geuzen	Willy Vandersteen
author	Traveling with the Dead is a 1995 vampire/mystery novel by Barbara Hambly.	Traveling with the Dead	Barbara Hambly
author	When Did You See Her Last? is the second book in the All the Wrong Questions series by Lemony Snicket (also known as Daniel Handler), a series set before the events of A Series of Unfortunate Events.	When Did You See Her Last?	Lemony Snicket	Daniel Handler
author	The Wonder Book of Bible Stories is a 1904 literature by Logan Marshall printed in the United States.	The Wonder Book of Bible Stories	Logan Marshall
author	The Draft History of Qing (Chinese: 清史稿; pinyin: Qīng Shǐ Gǎo) is a draft of the official history of the Qing dynasty compiled and written by a team of over 100 historians led by Zhao Erxun who were hired by the Beiyang government of the Republic of China.	Draft History of Qing	Zhao Erxun
author	Planet of Adventure is a series of four science fiction novels by Jack Vance, which relate the adventures of Adam Reith, the sole survivor of an Earth ship investigating a signal from the distant planet Tschai.	Planet of Adventure	Jack Vance
author	Double Fudge is a 2002 children's novel by Judy Blume and the fourth and final in the Fudge series.	Double Fudge	Judy Blume
author	Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard is a poem by Thomas Gray, completed in 1750 and first published in 1751.	Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard	Thomas Gray
author	Swift as Desire (in Spanish Tan veloz como el deseo) is a 2001 novel by the Mexican novelist Laura Esquivel.	Swift as Desire	Laura Esquivel
author	The Mandaean Book of John (Mandaic language Drāšā D-Yaḥyā; Hebrew script-Aramaic Modern Mandaic: דרשא דיחיא‎) is a Mandaean holy book in Mandaic Aramaic written traditionally by their chief prophet John the Baptist.	Mandaean Book of John	John the Baptist
author	The Genocides is a 1965 science fiction novel written by American author Thomas M. Disch.	The Genocides	Thomas M. Disch
author	The Black Hole of Auschwitz is a collection of essays by the Italian author Primo Levi.	The Black Hole of Auschwitz	Primo Levi
author	Mister Pip (2006) is a novel by Lloyd Jones, a New Zealand author.	Mister Pip	Lloyd Jones
author	The Archaeology of Shamanism is an academic anthology edited by the English archaeologist Neil Price which was first published by Routledge in 2001.	The Archaeology of Shamanism	Neil Price
author	Regiment of Women is the debut novel of Winifred Ashton writing as Clemence Dane.	Regiment of Women	Clemence Dane
author	Who Killed Palomino Molero? (Spanish: ¿Quién mató a Palomino Molero? ) is a 1986 novel by Peruvian novelist Mario Vargas Llosa.	Who Killed Palomino Molero?	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Glenarvon is Lady Caroline Lamb's first novel, published in 1816.	Glenarvon	Lady Caroline Lamb
author	The Urth of the New Sun is a 1987 science fiction novel by Gene Wolfe that serves as a sort of coda to his 4-volume Book of the New Sun series.	The Urth of the New Sun	Gene Wolfe
author	Philosophy and Real Politics is a 2008 book by British philosopher and scholar Raymond Geuss whose main subject is the relationship between politics and human needs.	Philosophy and Real Politics	Raymond Geuss
author	Plutarch's Lives of the Noble Greeks and Romans, commonly called Parallel Lives or Plutarch's Lives, is a series of biographies of famous men, arranged in tandem to illuminate their common moral virtues or failings, written in the late 1st century.	Parallel Lives	Plutarch
author	Sperm Wars is a primarily nonfiction book by evolutionary biologist Robin Baker.	Sperm Wars	Robin Baker
author	The Peaks of Lyell is a book by Geoffrey Blainey, based on his University of Melbourne MA thesis originally published in 1954.	The Peaks of Lyell	Geoffrey Blainey
author	I Heard the Owl Call My Name is a best-selling 1960s book by Margaret Craven.	I Heard the Owl Call My Name	Margaret Craven
author	The Machine God Laughs is an anthology of three science fiction short stories edited anonymously by William L. Crawford.	The Machine God Laughs	William L. Crawford
author	Forty Thousand in Gehenna, alternately 40,000 in Gehenna, is a 1983 novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Forty Thousand in Gehenna	C. J. Cherryh
author	The Magician's Land is a fantasy novel by Lev Grossman, published in 2014 by Viking Adult, the second sequel to The Magicians.	The Magician's Land	Lev Grossman
author	Conversation in the Cathedral is a 1969 novel by Peruvian writer and essayist Mario Vargas Llosa, translated by Gregory Rabassa.	Conversation in the Cathedral	Mario Vargas Llosa
author	Movies in Fifteen Minutes (known as m15m for short) is primarily the name of a set of Internet-based movie parodies by Cleolinda Jones (a pen name).	Movies in Fifteen Minutes	Cleolinda Jones
author	Belles on Their Toes is a 1950 book written by Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr. and Ernestine Gilbreth Carey.	Belles on Their Toes	Frank Bunker Gilbreth, Jr.	Ernestine Gilbreth Carey
author	The Blue Octavo Notebooks (sometimes referred to as The Eight Octavo Notebooks) is a series of eight notebooks written by Franz Kafka from late 1917 until June 1919.	The Blue Octavo Notebooks	Franz Kafka
author	An Unfinished Journey is a posthumous collection of essays by Shiva Naipaul, published by Hamish and Hamilton in 1986.	An Unfinished Journey	Shiva Naipaul
author	Persecution and the Art of Writing, published in 1952 by the Free Press, is a book of collected articles written by Leo Strauss.	Persecution and the Art of Writing	Leo Strauss
author	Behind a Mask, or A Woman's Power is a novella written by American author Louisa May Alcott.	Behind a Mask	Louisa May Alcott
author	In Persuasion Nation is short story writer George Saunders's third full length short story collection.	In Persuasion Nation	George Saunders
author	Beneath the Wheel (Unterm Rad) is a 1906 novel written by Hermann Hesse.	Beneath the Wheel	Hermann Hesse
author	Consider the Oyster is a book by M. F. K. Fisher that deals in the history, preparation and eating of oysters.	Consider the Oyster	M. F. K. Fisher
author	Playing with the Devil (Czech: Hrátky s čertem) is a 1945 Czech fairy-tale comedy play by playwright Jan Drda.	Playing with the Devil	Jan Drda
author	The Garden of Abdul Gasazi (ISBN 0-395-27804-X) is a best-selling children's picture book written in 1979 by the American author Chris Van Allsburg.	The Garden of Abdul Gasazi	Chris Van Allsburg
author	The Stonemason is a play in five acts by American writer Cormac McCarthy, first performed in 1995.	The Stonemason	Cormac McCarthy
author	The Enchanted April is a 1922 novel by British-American writer Elizabeth von Arnim.	The Enchanted April	Elizabeth von Arnim
author	The Golden Legend (Latin: Legenda aurea or Legenda sanctorum) is a collection of hagiographies by Jacobus de Voragine that became a late medieval bestseller.	Golden Legend	Jacobus de Voragine
author	Hollywood Babylon is a book by avant-garde filmmaker Kenneth Anger which details the sordid scandals of many famous and infamous Hollywood denizens from the 1900s to the 1950s.	Hollywood Babylon	Kenneth Anger
author	The Book of the New Sun (1980 -- 1983) is a series of four science fantasy novels or one four-volume novel by the American author Gene Wolfe.	The Book of the New Sun	Gene Wolfe
author	A Delicate Truth is a 2013 spy novel by John le Carré.	A Delicate Truth	John le Carré
author	Of Love and Evil is the second novel by American author Anne Rice in her Songs of the Seraphim series, which tells the story of Toby O'Dare, an assassin with a tragic past.	Of Love and Evil	Anne Rice
author	The Color of Distance is a science fiction novel by Amy Thomson published in 1995 by Ace Books.	The Color of Distance	Amy Thomson
author	Corporal to Field Officer, 4th Edition Up To Date was a reference work written by Captain H.P.E. Phillips, MC, and Lieutenant-Colonel R. J. S. Langford, designed for use by officers and NCOs in the Canadian Army to contain the essentials of all the army's other military manuals.	Corporal to Field Officer	Captain
author	Candide, ou l'Optimisme (/ˌkænˈdiːd/; French: (kɑ̃did)) is a French satire first published in 1759 by Voltaire, a philosopher of the Age of Enlightenment.	Candide	Voltaire
author	Fukurō no Shiro (梟の城, Owls' Castle) is the ninja-themed 1959 debut novel of Japanese author Ryōtarō Shiba, which won him the Naoki Prize in 1960 after the story was published by Kodansha.	Fukurō no Shiro	Ryōtarō Shiba
author	A History of Pi (also titled A History of π) is a 1970 non-fiction book by Petr Beckmann that presents a layman's introduction to the concept of the mathematical constant pi (π).	A History of Pi	Petr Beckmann
author	Missionaries in India is a 1996 nonfiction book by Arun Shourie.	Missionaries in India	Arun Shourie
author	Nothing But Blue Skies is a humorous fantasy novel by English author Tom Holt.	Nothing But Blue Skies	Tom Holt
author	The Phenomenon of Man (Le phénomène humain, 1955) is a book written by the French philosopher, paleontologist and Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin.	The Phenomenon of Man	Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
author	River Boy is a young adult novel by Tim Bowler, published by Oxford in 1997.	River Boy	Tim Bowler
author	The Fur Country (French: Le Pays des fourrures) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne in The Extraordinary Voyages series, first published in 1873.	The Fur Country	Jules Verne
author	The Boy Who Cried Wolf is one of Aesop's Fables, numbered 210 in the Perry Index.	The Boy Who Cried Wolf	Aesop
author	Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness! (Swedish: Körkarlen) is a 1912 novel by the Swedish author Selma Lagerlöf.	Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness!	Selma Lagerlöf
author	The Year of the Flood is a novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood, released on September 22, 2009 in Canada and the United States, and on September 7, 2009, in the United Kingdom.	The Year of the Flood	Margaret Atwood
author	Witch & Wizard is the first novel of the Witch & Wizard series, written by James Patterson & Gabrielle Charbonnet.	Witch & Wizard	James Patterson
author	The Continental Association, often known simply as the ``Association'', was a system created by the First Continental Congress in 1774 for implementing a trade boycott with Great Britain.	Continental Association	First Continental Congress
author	Paroles ((pa.ʁɔl); ``Words'') is a collection of poems by Jacques Prévert, first published on May 10, 1946.	Paroles	Jacques Prévert
author	Los relámpagos de agosto (officially translated in 1986 as The Lightning of August) was the first novel written by Mexican author Jorge Ibargüengoitia.	The Lightning of August	Jorge Ibargüengoitia
author	Je suis écrivain is a Belgian novel by François Weyergans.	Je suis écrivain	François Weyergans
author	Letters from Iceland is a travel book in prose and verse by W. H. Auden and Louis MacNeice, published in 1937.	Letters from Iceland	W. H. Auden	Louis MacNeice
author	The Racial Contract is a book by professor Charles W. Mills in which Mills puts forth his political philosophy regarding the role of race in the formation of the social contract.	The Racial Contract	Charles W. Mills
author	Obama's Wars is a 2010 book written by Pulitzer Prize-winning investigative journalist Bob Woodward.	Obama's Wars	Bob Woodward
author	If It Had Happened Otherwise (ISBN 028397821X) is a 1931 collection of essays edited by J. C. Squire and published by Longmans, Green.	If It Had Happened Otherwise	J. C. Squire
author	The Tales of Beedle the Bard is a book of children's stories by British author J. K. Rowling.	The Tales of Beedle the Bard	J. K. Rowling
author	Larklight, or the Revenge of the White Spiders! or to Saturn's Rings and Back! is a young adult novel by author Philip Reeve.	Larklight	Philip Reeve
author	Gianni and the Ogre is a 1971 anthology of 18 fairy tales that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders.	Gianni and the Ogre	Ruth Manning-Sanders
author	Anvil of Stars is a book by Greg Bear and a sequel to The Forge of God.	Anvil of Stars	Greg Bear
author	The FairTax Book is a non-fiction book by libertarian radio talk show host Neal Boortz and Congressman John Linder, published on August 2, 2005, as a tool to increase public support and understanding for the FairTax plan.	The FairTax Book	Neal Boortz	John Linder
author	``Up in Michigan'' is a short story by American writer Ernest Hemingway, written in 1921 and revised in 1938.	Up in Michigan	Ernest Hemingway
author	The Third Philippic was delivered by the prominent Athenian statesman and orator, Demosthenes, in 341 BC. It constitutes the third of the four philippics.	Third Philippic	Demosthenes
author	The Assassin King is the sixth book in the Elizabeth Haydon series, the Symphony of Ages, released December 26, 2006, by Tor Books.	The Assassin King	Elizabeth Haydon
author	The Dragon in the Sea (1956), also known as Under Pressure from its serialization, is a novel by Frank Herbert.	The Dragon in the Sea	Frank Herbert
author	The Bulgari Connection is a 2001 novel by Fay Weldon that became notorious for its commercial tie-in: in exchange for £18,000 from the jeweler Bulgari, Weldon was required to mention the name of the jeweler at least 12 times - which was more than exceeded by the author.	The Bulgari Connection	Fay Weldon
author	Pontos Kültürü or Pontos Culture is a 1996 book by Turkish author Ömer Asan about the Greek Muslims of Trabzon Province.	Pontos Kültürü	Ömer Asan
author	The History of Sandford and Merton (1783-1789) was a bestselling children's book written by Thomas Day.	The History of Sandford and Merton	Thomas Day
author	``The Reign of the Superman'' (January 1933) is a short story written by Jerry Siegel and illustrated by Joe Shuster.	The Reign of the Superman	Jerry Siegel
author	The Timothy Files is a 1987 best selling work of fiction by Lawrence Sanders.	The Timothy Files	Lawrence Sanders
author	``Shadows in Zamboula'' is one of the original stories by Robert E. Howard about Conan the Cimmerian, first published in Weird Tales in 1935.	Shadows in Zamboula	Robert E. Howard
author	Mindkiller is a 1982 novel by science fiction writer Spider Robinson.	Mindkiller	Spider Robinson
author	The Second Plane (2008) is a collection of twelve pieces of nonfiction and two short stories by the British writer Martin Amis on the subject of the 9/11 attacks, terrorism, Muslim radicalisation and the subsequent global War on Terror.	The Second Plane	Martin Amis
author	In Abraham's Bosom is a play by American dramatist Paul Green.	In Abraham's Bosom	Paul Green
author	Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants is the fourth novel based on the television series Monk by Lee Goldberg.	Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants	Lee Goldberg
author	Best Friends in Love is the third and last part of the Best Friends series by Rosie Rushton.	Best Friends in Love	Rosie Rushton
author	Children of Scarabaeus is a 2011 science fiction novel with a touch of romance by Australian author Sara Creasy, published by Harper Voyager.	Children of Scarabaeus	Sara Creasy
author	Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas (The Favorite Book of Judas) or The Black Book is a 2003 semi-biography book by Filipino author Bob Ong.	Ang Paboritong Libro ni Hudas	Bob Ong
author	The White Lioness (Original: Den vita lejoninnan) is a crime novel by Swedish writer Henning Mankell, the third in the Inspector Wallander series.	The White Lioness	Henning Mankell
author	Invisible Yet Enduring Lilacs is the title of a collection of essays by Melbourne writer Gerald Murnane, published by Giramondo Publishing in 2005.	Invisible Yet Enduring Lilacs	Gerald Murnane
author	The Antiquary (1816) is a novel by Sir Walter Scott about several characters including an antiquary: an amateur historian, archaeologist and collector of items of dubious antiquity.	The Antiquary	Walter Scott
author	The Magic Goes Away is a fantasy short story written by Larry Niven in 1976, and later expanded to a novella of the same name which was published in 1978.	The Magic Goes Away	Larry Niven
author	Acid Row is a 2001 novel by crime-writer Minette Walters.	Acid Row	Minette Walters
author	Collateral Karma is the second novel by T.L. Orcutt in the Path of Return Trilogy and first published in September 2008.	Collateral Karma	T.L. Orcutt
author	What They Did to Princess Paragon is a humor novel by Robert Rodi, which tells the story of what happens when a venerable comic book superheroine is retconned as a lesbian.	What They Did to Princess Paragon	Robert Rodi
author	Sacred Country is a novel by English author Rose Tremain, it was published in 1992 by Sinclair Stevenson and won both the James Tait Black Memorial Prize and Prix Femina Etranger.	Sacred Country	Rose Tremain
author	Seedless in Seattle is a 2015 novel by Irish journalist and author Paul Howard and serves as the fifteenth book in the Ross O'Carroll-Kelly series.	Seedless in Seattle	Paul Howard
author	Lily Beach (1993) is a literary novel by Jennie Fields.	Lily Beach	Jennie Fields
author	``That Hell-Bound Train'' is a fantasy short story by Robert Bloch from 1958 that won the Hugo Award for Best Short Story in 1959.	That Hell-Bound Train	Robert Bloch
author	Farewell Fantastic Venus is a science fiction anthology edited by Brian Aldiss and Harry Harrison.	Farewell Fantastic Venus	Brian Aldiss	Harry Harrison
author	The Story of Appleby Capple is a complex children's alphabet book by Anne Parrish in which alliterative narrative, with each chapter focusing on a different letter, is used to tell a story.	The Story of Appleby Capple	Anne Parrish
author	Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel (ISBN 0-590-75803-9) is a children's book by Virginia Lee Burton.	Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel	Virginia Lee Burton
author	A Bad Spell in Yurt is a fantasy novel by C. Dale Brittain first published in 1991.	A Bad Spell in Yurt	C. Dale Brittain
author	The American Way of Death is an exposé of abuses in the funeral home industry in the United States, written by Jessica Mitford and published in 1963.	The American Way of Death	Jessica Mitford
author	Letter to His Father (German: Brief an den Vater) is the name usually given to the letter Franz Kafka wrote to his father Hermann in November 1919, indicting him for his emotionally abusive and hypocritical behavior towards him.	Letter to His Father	Franz Kafka
author	The Horn of Mortal Danger is a 1980 novel by British musician Lawrence Leonard.	The Horn of Mortal Danger	Lawrence Leonard
author	The Lawless Roads (1939) is a travel account by Graham Greene, based on his 1938 trip to Mexico, to see the effects of the government's campaign of forced anti-Catholic secularisation and how the inhabitants had reacted to the brutal anticlerical purges of President Plutarco Elías Calles.	The Lawless Roads	Graham Greene
author	Epistle to a Godson and other poems is a book of poems by W. H. Auden, published in 1972.	Epistle to a Godson	W. H. Auden
author	Beautiful Solitude (Chinese: 又寂寞又美好, which literally means ``Lonely and Wonderful.``) is a picture book, authored and illustrated by Jimmy Liao, completed in 2003.	Beautiful Solitude	Jimmy Liao
author	The Great Compilation of Fatwa (Arabic: Majmu al-Fatwa al-Kubra) is a collection of religious tracts written by the 13th century Islamic scholar Ibn Taymiyyah.	The Great Compilation of Fatwa	Ibn Taymiyyah
author	The Painted Word is a 1975 book of art criticism by Tom Wolfe.	The Painted Word	Tom Wolfe
author	Les Misérables (pronounced /leɪ ˌmɪzəˈrɑːb/ or /leɪ ˈmɪzəˌrɑːb/; French pronunciation: ​(le mizeʁabl(ə))) is a French historical novel by Victor Hugo, first published in 1862, that is considered one of the greatest novels of the 19th century.	Les Misérables	Victor Hugo
author	Lo Crestià (or The Christian in English) was an encyclopaedia, that was sponsored by the king Peter IV of Aragon and written by Francesc Eiximenis between 1379 and 1392.	Lo Crestià	Francesc Eiximenis
author	Curse of the Starving Class is a play by Sam Shepard, considered the first of a series on family tragedies.	Curse of the Starving Class	Sam Shepard
author	Dear Bruce Springsteen is a juvenile fiction novel published in 1987 by Kevin Major.	Dear Bruce Springsteen	Kevin Major
author	Limit of Vision is a 2001 science fiction book by author Linda Nagata.	Limit of Vision	Linda Nagata
author	Recuerdos de Provincia (also known in English as: Recollections of a Provincial Past) is an autobiography written in 1850 by Domingo Faustino Sarmiento, a writer and journalist who became the seventh president of Argentina.	Recuerdos de Provincia	Domingo Faustino Sarmiento
author	Freedom™, the sequel to Daemon, is the second of a two-part novel, by the author Daniel Suarez, about a distributed, persistent computer application, known as The Daemon, that begins to change the real world after the original programmer's death.	Freedom™	Daniel Suarez
author	``The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies'' is a seminal monograph by B. H. Danser on the tropical pitcher plants of the Dutch East Indies and surrounding regions.	The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies	B. H. Danser
author	Some Thoughts Concerning Education is a 1693 treatise on the education of gentlemen written by the English philosopher John Locke.	Some Thoughts Concerning Education	John Locke
author	Love and Will (1969) is a book by American existential psychologist Rollo May, in which he articulates the principle that an awareness of death is essential to life, rather than being opposed to life.	Love and Will	Rollo May
author	Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology is a popular introductory textbook on psychology written originally by Ernest Hilgard, Richard C. Atkinson and Rita L. Atkinson and edited and revised by Edward E. Smith, Daryl J. Bem, Susan Nolen-Hoeksema, Barbara L. Fredrickson, Geoff R. Loftus and Willem A. Wagenaar.	Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology	Ernest Hilgard	Richard C. Atkinson
author	Icehenge is a science fiction novel by American author Kim Stanley Robinson, published in 1984.	Icehenge	Kim Stanley Robinson
author	Tabataba suivi de pawana is the title of two short stories ``Tabataba'' followed by Pawana(Awaité Pawana)in one book written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .	Tabataba suivi de pawana	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Last Cab to Darwin is a 2003 Australian drama/comedy stage play written by Reg Cribb and based upon the true story of taxi driver Max Bell who was diagnosed with terminal stomach cancer in the early 1990s.	Last Cab to Darwin	Reg Cribb
author	The Awkward Age is a novel by Henry James, first published as a serial in Harper's Weekly in 1898-1899 and then as a book later in 1899.	The Awkward Age	Henry James
author	No Coffin for the Corpse (1942) is a whodunnit mystery novel written by Clayton Rawson.	No Coffin for the Corpse	Clayton Rawson
author	Domains of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley.	Domains of Darkover	Marion Zimmer Bradley
author	The House of the Mosque (Dutch: Het huis van de moskee) is a Dutch-language novel by Iranian writer Kader Abdolah, published in 2005.	The House of the Mosque	Kader Abdolah
author	The Thin Man (1934) is a detective novel by Dashiell Hammett.	The Thin Man	Dashiell Hammett
author	The Outward Urge is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham (although it might arguably be regarded as a collection of linked short stories).	The Outward Urge	John Wyndham
author	The Colleen Bawn, or The Brides of Garryowen is a melodramatic play written by Irish playwright Dion Boucicault.	The Colleen Bawn	Dion Boucicault
author	Anatomy of a Typeface is a book on typefaces written by Alexander Lawson.	Anatomy of a Typeface	Alexander Lawson
author	An Essay on Liberation is a 1969 book by Frankfurt School philosopher Herbert Marcuse.	An Essay on Liberation	Herbert Marcuse
author	The Son of the Red Corsair (original title: Il figlio del corsaro rosso) is an exotic adventure novel written by Italian author Emilio Salgari, published in 1908.	Son of the Red Corsair	Emilio Salgari
author	We of the Never Never is an autobiographical novel by Jeannie Gunn.	We of the Never Never	Jeannie Gunn
author	Flight into Camden is a novel by British author and playwright David Storey.	Flight into Camden	David Storey
author	The Cruise of the Snark (1911) is a non-fictional, illustrated book by Jack London chronicling his sailing adventure in 1907 across the south Pacific in his ketch the Snark.	The Cruise of the Snark	Jack London
author	The Shanghai Moon is a Lydia Chin/Bill Smith mystery novel by S. J. Rozan.	The Shanghai Moon	S. J. Rozan
author	Joshua Son of None is a 1973 political thriller by Nancy Freedman.	Joshua Son of None	Nancy Freedman
author	The Twelve and the Genii, or The Return of the Twelves in the U.S., is a low fantasy novel for children by Pauline Clarke, first published by Faber in 1962 with illustrations by Cecil Leslie.	The Twelve and the Genii	Pauline Clarke
author	The Jesus Dynasty is a book written by James Tabor in which he develops the hypothesis that the original Jesus movement was a dynastic one, with the intention of overthrowing the rule of Herod Antipas; that Jesus of Nazareth was a royal messiah, while his cousin John the Baptist planned to be a priestly messiah.	The Jesus Dynasty	James Tabor
author	Morale scolarium is a book of mildly satirical elegiac poems composed in Latin in 1241 by Johannes de Garlandia, an English grammarian who taught at the universities of Toulouse and Paris.	Morale scolarium	Johannes de Garlandia
author	From A to X is a novel written by John Berger, published by Verso Books in 2008.	From A to X	John Berger
author	The Entropy Effect is a novel by Vonda N. McIntyre set in the fictional Star Trek Universe.	The Entropy Effect	Vonda N. McIntyre
author	Gray Victory is a 1988 alternate history novel by Robert Skimin, taking place in an alternate 1866 where the Confederacy won its independence.	Gray Victory	Robert Skimin
author	Spell Wars is a fantasy novel by Katherine Roberts, published on August 3, 2000 by Element Books and aimed at pre-teens.	Spell Wars	Katherine Roberts
author	``The Maiden Flight of McCauley's Bellerophon'' is an award-winning science fiction/magical realism novella by Elizabeth Hand.	The Maiden Flight of McCauley's Bellerophon	Elizabeth Hand
author	Where Angels Fear to Tread (1905) is a novel by E. M. Forster, originally entitled Monteriano.	Where Angels Fear to Tread	E. M. Forster
author	Amadeus is a play by Peter Shaffer, which gives a highly fictionalized account of the lives of the composers Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Antonio Salieri.	Amadeus	Peter Shaffer
author	The Amber Witch is a German novel published by Wilhelm Meinhold (1797--1851) in 1838.	The Amber Witch	Wilhelm Meinhold
author	The Day of the Owl (Italian: Il giorno della civetta) is a crime novel about the Mafia by Leonardo Sciascia, finished in 1960 and published in 1961.	The Day of the Owl	Leonardo Sciascia
author	The Sheikh and the Dustbin is the third and last collection of short stories by George MacDonald Fraser, featuring a young Scottish officer named Dand MacNeill.	The Sheikh and the Dustbin	George MacDonald Fraser
author	Mary and the Giant is an early, non-science fiction novel written by Philip K. Dick in the years between 1953 and 1955, but not published until 1987.	Mary and the Giant	Philip K. Dick
award received	Ray McKibben (October 27, 1945 or 1946 -- December 6, or December 8, 1968) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Vietnam War.	Ray McKibben	Medal of Honor
award received	Stig Claesson's work has received many awards, such as the literature prize of the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet and the Selma Lagerlöf Prize.	Stig Claesson	Selma Lagerlöf Prize
award received	Jean Stafford (July 1, 1915 -- March 26, 1979) was an American short story writer and novelist, who won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for The Collected Stories of Jean Stafford in 1970.	Jean Stafford	Pulitzer Prize for Fiction
award received	Rustam Kasimdzhanov (Uzbek: Rustam Qosimjonov; Russian: Рустам Касымджанов; born 5 December 1979) is an Uzbek chess Grandmaster, best known for winning the FIDE World Chess Championship in 2004.	Rustam Kasimdzhanov	Grandmaster
award received	Dinesh Chandra Bhandary (born August 4, 1934) is a Group Captain in the Indian Air Force who was awarded the Vir Chakra, The third highest military decoration in India for the services rendered by him during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.	Dinesh Chandra Bhandary	Vir Chakra
award received	Marc Elder (Marcel Tendron) (31 October 1884, Nantes -- 16 August 1933, Saint-Fiacre-sur-Maine) was a French writer, winner of the Prix Goncourt for The People of the Sea.	Marc Elder	Prix Goncourt
award received	Bartłomiej Heberla (born 19 June 1985), in Rybnik is a Polish chess Grandmaster (2006) and currently one of the leading Polish players.	Bartłomiej Heberla	Grandmaster
award received	Eugénio de Andrade received numerous awards including the Prize of the Associação Portuguesa de Escritores (1986), Prize D. Dinis from Casa de Mateus Foundation (1988), the Great Poetry Prize of the Portuguese Association of Writers (1989) and the Camões Prize (2001).	Eugénio de Andrade	Camões Prize
award received	Lim Seng Hoo (born 1956) is a Singaporean chess International Master.	Lim Seng Hoo	International Master
award received	Like Hakkasan, Yauatcha gained a Michelin star rating in 2005, which it has retained.	Yauatcha	Michelin star
award received	Prince Michał Hieronim Radziwiłł (1744-1831) was a Polish nobleman, politician, diplomat and Knight of the Order of the White Eagle (awarded on September 7, 1773).	Michał Hieronim Radziwiłł	Order of the White Eagle
award received	Jóhann Hjartarson (born 8 February 1963 in Reykjavík) is a chess Grandmaster from Iceland.	Jóhann Hjartarson	Grandmaster
award received	Joshua Sweeney is an American gold medal sledge hockey player and Purple Heart recipient who competed in 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi, Russia.	Joshua Sweeney	Purple Heart
award received	Hans-Hartwig Trojer (22 January 1916 -- 27 September 1943) was a German U-Boat commander in World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Hans-Hartwig Trojer	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	In 2011, the original Alice Cooper band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.	Alice Cooper	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
award received	Wing Commander John Marlow Thompson, DFC, Reserve of Air Force Officers awarded the Distinguished Service Order (DSO) This officer has a fine operational record.	John Marlow Thompson	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Hell's Hinges has been selected for preservation in the National Film Registry, and is considered by some to be one of the finest silent Westerns.	Hell's Hinges	National Film Registry
award received	Dolarrai Mankad, (Hindi: डोलरराय मांकद Gujarati: ડોલરરાય માંકડ; 23 January 1902 -- 29 August 1970), full name Dolarrai Rangildas Mankad, was a Gujarati critic, researcher and poet who won the 1964 Sahitya Akademi Award for Gujarati language for his essay Naivedya.	Dolarrai Mankad	Sahitya Akademi Award
award received	N. Gopalaswami is a former Chief Election Commissioner of India (CEC) who has been awarded the Padma Bhushan in 2015.	N. Gopalaswami	Padma Bhushan
award received	Ian Swingland was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the New Year Honours List for 2007 for his services to conservation.	Ian Swingland	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	In 1949, a special act of Congress was passed to award the Distinguished Flying Cross to Roscoe Turner, who received it on August 14, 1952 at the Pentagon.	Roscoe Turner	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Nisha Millet, and the Arjuna Award winner, was the only woman in the 2000 Sydney Olympics swim team for India.	Nisha Millet	Arjuna Award
award received	After its restoration in 2000, ``The Dickson Experimental Sound Film'' was selected for inclusion in the United States National Film Registry.	The Dickson Experimental Sound Film	National Film Registry
award received	Corporal Jason Lamont, MMV is a Canadian soldier who was among the first recipients of the Medal of Military Valour, a Canadian military decoration, in recognition of actions under enemy fire in Afghanistan.	Jason Lamont	Medal of Military Valour
award received	Peter Zumthor (born 26 April 1943) is a Swiss architect and winner of the 2009 Pritzker Prize and 2013 RIBA Royal Gold Medal.	Peter Zumthor	Royal Gold Medal
award received	On March 8, 2007, the U.S. Department of State honored Susana Trimarco with the International Women of Courage Award, conferred by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.	Susana Trimarco	International Women of Courage Award
award received	In 1990, Rebel Without a Cause was added to Library of Congress's National Film Registry as being deemed ``culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant''.	Rebel Without a Cause	National Film Registry
award received	Dan Bucatinsky (born September 22, 1965) is an American actor, writer and producer, best known for his role as James Novak in the Shonda Rhimes drama series Scandal, for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series in 2013.	Dan Bucatinsky	Primetime Emmy Award
award received	1 January 1969 Wing Commander Michael Horace Miller was awarded the Air Force Cross.	Michael Horace Miller	Air Force Cross
award received	Gilbert Motier de La Fayette (1380 -- 22 February 1462) Lord of La Fayette, Pontgibaud, Ayes, Nébouzac, Saint-Romain and Monteil Gelat was a Marshal of France He was brought up at the court of Louis II, Duke of Bourbon.	Gilbert Motier de La Fayette	Marshal of France
award received	General Sir Walter Norris Congreve VC KCB MVO DL (20 November 1862 -- 28 February 1927) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Walter Norris Congreve	Victoria Cross
award received	Georg Schewe (24 November 1909 -- 16 September 1989) was a famous Korvettenkapitän with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Georg Schewe	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Subramaniam Raman, born in Chennai, is an Arjuna Award table tennis player.	Subramaniam Raman	Arjuna Award
award received	Ivar Giaever (Norwegian: Giæver, IPA: (ˈiːvɑr ˈjeːvər); born April 5, 1929) is a Norwegian-American physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1973 with Leo Esaki and Brian Josephson ``for their discoveries regarding tunnelling phenomena in solids''.	Ivar Giaever	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	In 1939, Rena Galibova was awarded the title of Merited Artist of Tajikistan and in 1941 she was given the title of People's Artist of Tajikistan as well as the Order of Lenin after she performed in front of Joseph Stalin and he was very impressed by her talent.	Rena Galibova	Order of Lenin
award received	Heinz Edhofer (15 December 1917 -- 27 May 1978) was a highly decorated Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Heinz Edhofer	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	William Heffernan has received the Edgar Award, is a member of the Authors Guild, The Mystery Writers of America, and was once President of the International Association of Crime Writers.	William Heffernan	Edgar Award
award received	Lieutenant Colonel Harold Marcus Ervine-Andrews VC (29 July 1911 -- 30 March 1995) was an Irish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Marcus Ervine-Andrews	Victoria Cross
award received	Philippe Antoine d'Ornano, 1st Comte d'Ornano (January 17, 1784 - October 13, 1863) was a French soldier and political figure who rose to the rank of Marshal of France.	Philippe Antoine d'Ornano	Marshal of France
award received	Louis Charles Birch FAA (8 February 1918 in Melbourne -- 19 December 2009) was an Australian geneticist specialising in population ecology and was also well known as a theologian, writing widely on the topic of science and religion, winning the Templeton Prize in 1990.	Charles Birch	Templeton Prize
award received	Heinrich Rohrer (6 June 1933 -- 16 May 2013) was a Swiss physicist who shared half of the 1986 Nobel Prize in Physics with Gerd Binnig for the design of the scanning tunneling microscope (STM).	Heinrich Rohrer	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Vladimir Eljanov (8 May 1951 -- 19 October 2013) was a Ukrainian chess International Master, Honoured Coach of Ukraine, FIDE Senior Trainer (2013) and chess book publisher.	Vladimir Eljanov	International Master
award received	William P. Thompson (January 11, 1844-October 7, 1864) was a sergeant in the American Civil War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor for action at Battle of the Wilderness during which he was killed on May 6, 1864 with an award being issued to him on December 1, 1864.	William P. Thompson	Medal of Honor
award received	Often considered one of the greatest martial arts films of all time, in 2004, Enter the Dragon was deemed ``culturally, historically, and aesthetically significant'' in the United States and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress.	Enter the Dragon	National Film Registry
award received	For ``The Selected Poems of Oleh Lysheha,'' Lysheha and his co-translator James Brasfield from Penn State University, received the 2000 PEN Award for Poetry in Translation published by the Harvard Ukrainian Research Institute.	Oleh Lysheha	PEN Award for Poetry in Translation
award received	Tania Sachdev (born 20 August 1986 in Delhi) is an Indian chess player, who holds the FIDE titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.	Tania Sachdev	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Vice Admiral Nilakanta Krishnan Padma Bhushan, DSC, PVSM (1919 -- January 1982), was the Flag Officer Commanding in Chief of the Eastern Naval Command of the Indian Navy during the 1971 Indo-Pakistani War.	Nilakanta Krishnan	Padma Bhushan
award received	Distinguished Service Order (4 March 1918) Second Lieutenant (Temporary Captain) Brian Edmund Baker, MC, General List and Royal Flying Corps.	Brian Edmund Baker	Distinguished Service Order
award received	Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar (6 August 1930 -- 8 March 2004) was an Indian physicist who won the Royal Medal in 1994.	Sivaramakrishna Chandrasekhar	Royal Medal
award received	William C. Bryan, (1852-1933) was a United States Army officer that received the Medal of Honor.	William C. Bryan	Medal of Honor
award received	Major General Sir Henry Hugh Clifford VC KCMG CB (12 September 1826 -- 12 April 1883) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Henry Hugh Clifford	Victoria Cross
award received	Sri Lanka Sikhamani Sunna Deniya Gunadasa (known as S. D. Gunadasa or Dasa Mudalali) was a Sri Lankan business magnate who brought the concept of the supermarket to Sri Lanka in 1977.	S. D. Gunadasa	Sri Lanka Sikhamani
award received	Joseph Watt, VC (25 June 1887 -- 13 February 1955) was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Joseph Watt	Victoria Cross
award received	Pascal Caffet is a World-Champion and Meilleur Ouvrier de France French pastry confectioner and chocolate maker.	Pascal Caffet	Meilleur Ouvrier de France
award received	Peng Zhaoqin (Simplified Chinese: 彭肇勤; born 8 May 1968 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese-born Dutch chess player, who has the FIDE title of Grandmaster, which was awarded in October 2004.	Peng Zhaoqin	Grandmaster
award received	Charles Mackerras was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1974 New Year Honours, and was knighted in the 1979 New Year Honours.	Charles Mackerras	Commander of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Leo James Rainwater (December 9, 1917 -- May 31, 1986) was an American physicist who shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1975 for his part in determining the asymmetrical shapes of certain atomic nuclei.	James Rainwater	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Eva Repková (born 16 January 1975 in Stará Ľubovňa) is a Slovak chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master (IM) and Woman Grandmaster (WGM).	Eva Repková	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Paul Grüninger (27 October 1891 - 22 February 1972) was a Swiss police commander in St. Gallen, a football player, and a Righteous Among the Nations.	Paul Grüninger	Righteous Among the Nations
award received	In the fall of 1945, while still at Oak Ridge, Lt. Col. Richard W. Cook was awarded the Legion of Merit for his work on the A-Bomb Project.	Richard W. Cook	Legion of Merit
award received	Juan José Millás (born 1946) is a Spanish writer and winner of the 1990 Premio Nadal.	Juan José Millás	Premio Nadal
award received	Nicholas Pert (also known as Nick Pert; born 22 January 1981) is an English chess player who holds the title Grandmaster.	Nicholas Pert	Grandmaster
award received	Piotr Murdzia (born 20 February 1975 in Gdańsk) is a Polish chess International Master (IM), International Solving Grandmaster and seven-time World Chess Solving Champion.	Piotr Murdzia	International Master
award received	Stephie D'Souza was the first woman to win the Arjuna Award presented by the Government of India.	Stephie D'Souza	Arjuna Award
award received	On 21 September 2010, the Board of the Carnegie Foundation announced that Peace One Day and Jeremy Gilley would be the recipient of the Wateler Peace Prize.	Jeremy Gilley	Wateler Peace Prize
award received	Alexander Kochyev (Russian: Александр Кочиев; born March 25, 1956, Saint Petersburg) is a Russian chess Grandmaster (1977).	Alexander Kochyev	Grandmaster
award received	Dr. Horst Patuschka (22 May 1912 -- 6 March 1943) was a German Luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	Horst Patuschka	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
cast member	Goodnight, Vienna (also known as Magic Night) is a 1932 British musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring Jack Buchanan, Anna Neagle and Gina Malo.	Goodnight, Vienna	Jack Buchanan	Anna Neagle	Gina Malo
cast member	Ultimate Deception, also known as ``Ultimate Betrayal'', is a 1999 made-for-TV movie drama starring Yasmine Bleeth and Richard Grieco, who were living together in real life at the time the film was produced.	Ultimate Deception	Yasmine Bleeth	Richard Grieco
cast member	Devil and Angel (Chinese: 恶棍天使) is a 2015 Chinese comedy film directed by Yu Baimei and Deng Chao and starring Deng Chao and Sun Li.	Devil and Angel	Deng Chao
cast member	The Adventure of Mr. Philip Collins (German: Herrn Filip Collins Abenteuer) is a 1925 German silent comedy film directed by Johannes Guter and starring Georg Alexander, Ossi Oswalda and Elisabeth Pinajeff.	The Adventure of Mr. Philip Collins	Georg Alexander
cast member	A workplace ensemble comedy, Stacked revolves around Skyler Dayton (Pamela Anderson) who is tired of her non-stop partying lifestyle and bad choices in boyfriends.	Stacked	Pamela Anderson
child	By Cyrene, Apollo had a son named Aristaeus, who became the patron god of cattle, fruit trees, hunting, husbandry and bee-keeping.	Apollo	Aristaeus
child	Xerxes I was the eldest son of Atossa and Darius.	Atossa	Xerxes
child	Chandan Dass is married to Yamini Dass and has one son, Namit Das, who is an actor and singer.	Chandan Dass	Namit Das
child	Åsta Gudbrandsdatter (c. 975/980 -- c. 1020/1030) was the mother of two Norwegian kings, King Olaf II of Norway and King Harald III of Norway.	Åsta Gudbrandsdatter	Olaf II of Norway	Harald III of Norway
child	Gao Wei, who formally passed the throne to his son Gao Heng, was captured while trying to flee to Chen Dynasty, and later that year, the Northern Zhou emperor executed him and almost all members of his clan.	Gao Wei	Gao Heng
conflict	Lieutenant James Victor Gascoyne DFC (25 May 1892 -- 1976) was an English World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	James Victor Gascoyne	World War I
conflict	At the outbreak of World War I, on August 3, 1914, Kiffin Rockwell offered his services to France by letter, which he wrote with his brother Paul, to the French Consul-General in New Orleans.	Kiffin Rockwell	World War I
conflict	Wolfgang Kretzschmar (2 July 1907 -- 27 December 1944) was a German officer serving during World War II and recipient of the coveted Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern).	Wolfgang Kretzschmar	World War II
conflict	Robert Blume (November 19, 1868--September 16, 1937) was an American sailor serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for his actions.	Robert Blume	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Edmund Brooke Alexander (October 6, 1802 -- January 3, 1888) was an officer in the United States Army in the Mexican-American War through the American Civil War who rose to the rank of brevet Brigadier General in 1865.	Edmund Brooke Alexander	Mexican-American War	American Civil War
conflict	Horst Rudat (born 3 May 1920 in Wirtkallen, district Insterburg, East Prussia; died 31 August 1982 in Laaber/Waldelzerberg) was a German World War II Luftwaffe bomber pilot.	Horst Rudat	World War II
conflict	Commandant Fernand Bonneton was a French World War I flying ace credited with nine confirmed aerial victories.	Fernand Bonneton	World War I
conflict	Georg Staats (13 March 1916 in Bremen -- 12 November 1943 in the Bay of Biscay) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Georg Staats	World War II
conflict	The Henschel Hs 293 was a World War II German anti-ship guided missile: a radio-controlled glide bomb with a rocket engine slung underneath it.	Henschel Hs 293	World War II
conflict	Irving Goff (1900 - 17 May 1989) was a member of the Communist Party USA and the Abraham Lincoln Battalion, a unit that volunteered to fight during the Spanish Civil War for the Popular Front.	Irving Goff	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Leutnant Max Näther (24 August 1899 -- 8 January 1919) Royal House Order of Hohenzollern, Iron Cross, was a German World War I ace fighter pilot noted for the destruction of ten enemy observation balloons and sixteen aircraft.	Max Näther	World War I
conflict	Samuel Ovenshine was a United States Army officer who served as a brigadier general during the Philippine-- American War.	Samuel Ovenshine	Philippine-- American War
conflict	The Army of Northern Virginia was the primary military force of the Confederate States of America in the Eastern Theater of the American Civil War, as well as the primary command structure of the Department of Northern Virginia.	Army of Northern Virginia	American Civil War
conflict	William Joseph Franks (1830 -- April 18, 1880) was a United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the American Civil War.	William Joseph Franks	American Civil War
conflict	Henry Shutes (1804 -- September 10, 1889) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Battle of Forts Jackson and St. Philip and an 1863 engagement with Fort McAllister, Georgia.	Henry Shutes	American Civil War
conflict	Major Archibald Alexander Gordon CBE, MVO, Order of Leopold, Legion of Honour (1867 -- 12 August 1949) was a British soldier who served as attaché to the Military Household of King Albert I of Belgium during World War I, with the title of Belgian King's Messenger.	Archibald Alexander Gordon	World War I
conflict	Carlos Asensio Cabanillas (14 November 1896, Madrid -- 1969, Madrid) was a Spanish soldier and statesman who served during the Spanish Civil War, rising in command from Colonel to General in Franco's Army of Africa.	Carlos Asensio Cabanillas	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Marder III was the name for a series of World War II German tank destroyers.	Marder III	World War II
conflict	Paul Wilkins Kendall (July 17, 1898 - October 3, 1983) was a Lieutenant General in the United States Army, who served during World War I, World War II and Korean War.	Paul Wilkins Kendall	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Jean-Baptiste Jeanin (22 January 1771 in Val-d'Épy -- 2 May 1830) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars, and a brigadier general during the Peninsular War.	Jean-Baptiste Jeanin	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Charles Sidney Winder (October 18, 1829 -- August 9, 1862), was a career United States Army officer and a Confederate general officer in the American Civil War.	Charles Sidney Winder	American Civil War
conflict	Juan Aldama (January 3, 1774 in San Miguel el Grande, Guanajuato -- June 26, 1811 in Chihuahua) was a Mexican revolutionary rebel soldier during the Mexican War of Independence in 1810.	Juan Aldama	Mexican War of Independence
conflict	László Deák (1891--1946) was a Hungarian army officer who served in World War I and World War II. He was accused and convicted of war crimes due to his involvement in the massacre of Serbian and Jewish civilians during the Axis armies' invasion of Yugoslavia.	László Deák	World War I
conflict	Philip De Witt Ginder (September 19, 1905 - November 7, 1968) was an American career, highly decorated soldier who rose to the rank of Major General during the Korean War, while commanding 45th Infantry ``Thunderbird'' Division.	Philip De Witt Ginder	Korean War
conflict	Second Lieutenant Bruce Digby-Worsley was a World War I British flying ace credited with 16 aerial victories between June and September 1918.	Bruce Digby-Worsley	World War I
conflict	After World War II Teme Sejko rose rapidly through the ranks of the Albanian army, becoming in 1958 rear-admiral of the Albanian navy.	Teme Sejko	World War II
conflict	Nikolaos Petimezas (Greek: Νικόλαος Πετιμεζάς, 1790--1865) was a Greek revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence, politician and officer of the Hellenic Gendarmerie.	Nikolaos Petimezas	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Antoine Maurin (19 December 1771 -- 4 October 1830) commanded a French cavalry division in 1814 during the Napoleonic Wars and in 1815 led his troops against the Prussians at Ligny where he was wounded.	Antoine Maurin	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Barahir fought at the Dagor Bragollach, in which the armies of the enemy Morgoth defeated the Elves and Men of the northern realms of Beleriand, including Barahir's land Ladros.	Barahir	Dagor Bragollach
conflict	Bruno Albert Forsterer (July 14, 1869 -- June 13, 1957) was a U.S. Marine Sergeant who received the Medal of Honor for actions during the Philippine-- American War for ``distinguished conduct in the presence of the enemy at Samoa, Philippine Islands, April 1, 1899.''	Bruno Albert Forsterer	Philippine-- American War
conflict	Ioannis Kolettis (Greek: Ιωάννης Κωλέττης) (1773 - 1847) was a Greek politician who played a significant role in Greek affairs from the Greek War of Independence through the early years of the Greek Kingdom, including as Minister to France and serving twice as Prime Minister.	Ioannis Kolettis	Greek War of Independence
conflict	Major Mariappan Saravanan (10 August 1972 -- 29 May 1999), was an officer in the prestigious Bihar Regiment of the Indian Army who was killed during the Kargil War.	Mariappan Saravanan	Kargil War
conflict	Karl Emil Schäfer (17 December 1891 -- 5 June 1917) was a German pilot during World War I; he became one of the major German flying aces of the war, with 30 confirmed aerial victories.	Karl Emil Schäfer	World War I
conflict	General Werner Kempf (9 March 1886 -- 6 January 1964) was a Panzer General in the German army during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (mit Eichenlaub).	Werner Kempf	World War II
conflict	Lieutenant Jacques Michael Swaab (21 April 1894 -- 7 July 1963) was an American World War I flying ace with the 22nd Aero Squadron who was credited with ten victories.	Jacques Michael Swaab	World War I
conflict	Max Clifford Stormes (27 July 1903-15 November 1942) was a World War II American naval commander.	Max Clifford Stormes	World War II
conflict	Captain Robert H. Moore was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War, shooting down five enemy aircraft in the war, all as a member of the 51st Fighter Interceptor Wing.	Robert H. Moore	Korean War
conflict	Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Ussher KCH CB (1779 -- 6 January 1848) was an Anglo-Irish officer of the British Royal Navy who served with distinction during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars, and who in 1814 conveyed Napoleon Bonaparte into exile in Elba.	Thomas Ussher	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Leo Mustonen was a Finnish-American World War II Army Air Corps aviation cadet who was reported missing after a plane crash on November 18, 1942 until his frozen remains were found in October 2005 on the surface of the Mendel Glacier in the Sierra Nevada mountain range, 63 years later.	Leo Mustonen	World War II
conflict	William Ludlow (November 27, 1843 -- August 30, 1901) was an officer in the Corps of Engineers and a major general in the United States Army who served in the Civil War, Plains Indian Wars, the Spanish-- American War, and led a scientific expedition examining the natural wonders of Yellowstone National Park.	William Ludlow	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Hauptmann Rudolf Henne (10 September 1913 -- 5 October 1962) was a Luftwaffe Bomber Ace in the German Luftwaffe during World War II in Staffelkapitän of the 9.	Rudolf Henne	World War II
conflict	Newton Martin Curtis (May 21, 1835 -- January 8, 1910) was a Union officer during the American Civil War and a member of the United States House of Representatives from New York.	Newton Martin Curtis	American Civil War
conflict	Paul Brasack (9 May 1916 -- 11 March 2013) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and commander of U-737.	Paul Brasack	World War II
conflict	Walter Thorn (November 18, 1844 -- July 20, 1920) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War.	Walter Thorn	American Civil War
conflict	Alain Blanchard (born 14th century, executed in Rouen in 1419) was a commander of the crossbowmen of Rouen during the Hundred Years' War.	Alain Blanchard	Hundred Years' War
conflict	Captain Nikolay Sutyagin (5 May 1923 - 12 November 1986) was a Soviet fighter pilot in the Second World War and the Korean War.	Nikolay Sutyagin	Korean War
conflict	Walter Goodale Morrill (November 13, 1840 -- March 3, 1935) was a Union Army officer in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions at the Second Battle of Rappahannock Station.	Walter Goodale Morrill	American Civil War
conflict	Gilberto Bosques Saldívar (b. Chiautla de Tapia, Puebla, 20 July 1892 -- 4 July 1995) was a Mexican career diplomat and before that a combatant in the Mexican Revolution and a leftist legislator.	Gilberto Bosques Saldívar	Mexican Revolution
conflict	Tommaso Caracciolo, Count of Roccarainola (10 March 1572 -- 5 December 1631), was among others a Field Marshal who commanded parts of the Spanish forces in the Thirty Years' War.	Tommaso Caracciolo	Thirty Years' War
conflict	Louis-Gaston de Sonis (1825-1887) was a French Army officer who particularly distinguished himself in the battle of Loigny during the Franco-Prussian War, where he lost a leg.	Louis-Gaston de Sonis	Franco-Prussian War
conflict	General Rowland Hill, 1st Viscount Hill, GCB GCH (11 August 1772 -- 10 December 1842) was a British army officer who served in the Napoleonic Wars as a trusted brigade, division and corps commander under the command of the Duke of Wellington.	Rowland Hill, 1st Viscount Hill	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg (22 October 1763 -- 20 January 1834) was the fifth son of Frederick II Eugene, Duke of Württemberg and a Habsburg Austrian general during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Duke Ferdinand Frederick Augustus of Württemberg	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	James H. Luther (January 24, 1841 -- March 3, 1916) was a private in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War.	James H. Luther	American Civil War
conflict	Sergeant James Fegan (1827 -- June 25, 1886) was an American soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 2nd and 3rd U.S. Infantry during the American Civil War, and Indian Wars.	James Fegan	American Civil War
conflict	USS Flusser (1864) was a schooner captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War.	USS Flusser (1864)	American Civil War
conflict	Freddie Stowers (January 12, 1896 -- September 28, 1918) was an African American corporal in the United States Army who was killed in action during World War I, while serving in an American unit under French command..	Freddie Stowers	World War I
conflict	Reuben Walker Carswell (September 29, 1837 -- January 11, 1889) was a lawyer, member of the Georgia State Legislature, Confederate States Army lieutenant colonel and brigadier general in the Georgia militia during the American Civil War, and, after the war, a lawyer and judge.	Reuben Walker Carswell	American Civil War
conflict	Hans Müller, also known as Hans Müller von Bulgenbach, († 12 August 1525 in Habsburg-Laufenburg), was a peasant leader during the German Peasants' War.	Hans Müller von Bulgenbach	German Peasants' War
conflict	Oscar Randolph Fladmark (June 23, 1922 -- July 27, 1955) was an American fighter pilot who flew 164 ``no-injury'' combat missions in World War II and the Korean War.	Oscar Randolph Fladmark	World War II	Korean War
conflict	Henry M. Fox (November 15, 1844 -- March 3, 1923) was a Union soldier during the American Civil War, and a Medal of Honor recipient.	Henry M. Fox	American Civil War
conflict	Paul St. Clair Murphy (July 7, 1850 -- November 9, 1931) was an American officer serving in the United States Marine Corps during the Spanish-- American War.	Paul St. Clair Murphy	Spanish-- American War
conflict	Tenente Luigi Olivari was a World War I flying ace who claimed 19 aerial victories.	Luigi Olivari	World War I
conflict	Charles Grymes McCawley (January 29, 1827 -- October 13, 1891) was the eighth Commandant of the Marine Corps and served as an officer in the United States Marine Corps during the Mexican-American War and the American Civil War.	Charles Grymes McCawley	American Civil War
conflict	Henry Warner Slocum (September 24, 1827 -- April 14, 1894), was a Union general during the American Civil War and later served in the United States House of Representatives from New York.	Henry Warner Slocum	American Civil War
conflict	Adjutant Maurice Bizot was a French World War I flying ace credited with ten confirmed aerial victories.	Maurice Bizot	World War I
conflict	Captain William Victor Trevor Rooper (10 May 1897 -- 9 October 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with eight aerial victories, before becoming Xavier Dannhuber's seventh victim.	William Victor Trevor Rooper	World War I
conflict	Reuben D. Mussey, Jr. (often called RD Mussey) (May 30, 1833--May 29, 1892) was a Union Army colonel during the American Civil War and a distinguished lawyer.	Reuben D. Mussey, Jr.	American Civil War
conflict	Andrew Edward McKeever DSO, MC & Bar, DFC (21 August 1894 -- 25 December 1919) was a Canadian World War I two-seater flying ace who, in conjunction with his gunners, was credited with 31 victories.	Andrew Edward McKeever	World War I
conflict	The Haganah became a full-scale defense force after the 1936--1939 Arab revolt in Palestine with an organized structure, consisting of three main units--the Field Corps, Guard Corps, and the Palmach strike force.	Haganah	1936--1939 Arab revolt in Palestine
conflict	Colonel Carlos Betances Ramírez (July 8, 1910 -- October 28, 2001), was the only Puerto Rican to command a Battalion in the Korean War.	Carlos Betances Ramírez	Korean War
conflict	The SS Nerissa was a passenger and cargo steamer which was torpedoed and sunk on 30 April 1941 during World War II by German U-boat U-552 following 39 wartime voyages between Canada and Britain.	SS Nerissa	World War II
conflict	Edward Francis Lynch (1897 -- 12 September 1980) was a private in the First Australian Imperial Force who saw action in World War I on the Western Front between 1916 and 1919.	Edward Francis Lynch	World War I
conflict	Emil Meinecke joined the German military aviation effort when World War I began in 1914.	Emil Meinecke	World War I
conflict	The first USS Sovereign (1855) was a 336-ton steamer captured on the Mississippi River by the Union Navy during the beginning of the American Civil War.	USS Sovereign (1855)	American Civil War
conflict	Jan Willem de Winter (23 March 1761 -- 2 June 1812) was a Dutch admiral of the Napoleonic Wars.	Jan Willem de Winter	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Eugene Asa Carr (March 20, 1830 -- December 2, 1910) was a soldier in the United States Army and a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	Eugene Asa Carr	American Civil War
conflict	Turkey Tayac fought in World War I in France as a part of the Rainbow Division, originally made up of National Guard units to mobilize quickly.	Turkey Tayac	World War I
conflict	Sergeant First Class Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith (July 27, 1935 -- February 16, 1967) born in Wahiawa, Hawaii, was a United States Army soldier, of Hispanic-Asian descent, who was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War.	Elmelindo Rodrigues Smith	Vietnam War
conflict	Juan Bautista Cabral (ca. 1789 -- 3 February 1813) was an Argentine soldier of the Regiment of Mounted Grenadiers who died in the Battle of San Lorenzo, while he was aiding then Colonel Don José de San Martín, whose horse had fallen to enemy fire.	Juan Bautista Cabral	Battle of San Lorenzo
conflict	Segismundo Casado López (1893, Nava de la Asunción, Segovia -- 1968, Madrid) was a Spanish Army officer in the Second Spanish Republic during the Spanish Civil War, commanding the Republican Spanish Army in 1939.	Segismundo Casado	Spanish Civil War
constellation	37 Tauri (37 Tau) is a star in the constellation Taurus.	37 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Open Cluster M39 (also known as Messier Object 39, Messier 39, M39, or NGC 7092) is an open cluster in the constellation Cygnus.	Messier 39	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 3432 is a spiral galaxy that can be found in the constellation Leo Minor.	NGC 3432	Leo Minor
constellation	Eta Sagittarii (Eta Sgr, η Sagittarii, η Sgr) is a binary star system in the southern zodiac constellation of Sagittarius.	Eta Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	Epsilon Doradus (ε Dor) is a star located in the constellation Dorado.	Epsilon Doradus	Dorado
constellation	HR 2554, also known as V415 Carinae and A Carinae, is an eclipsing spectroscopic binary of the Algol type in the constellation of Carina whose apparent visual magnitude varies by 0.06 magnitudes and is approximately 4.39 at maximum brightness.	HR 2554	Carina
constellation	The Horsehead Nebula (also known as Barnard 33 ) is a dark nebula in the constellation Orion.	Horsehead Nebula	Orion
constellation	HD 9446 c is an exoplanet discovered in 2010 orbiting the star HD 9446 in the constellation Triangulum, 53 parsecs from Earth.	HD 9446 c	Triangulum
constellation	HD 91312 (HR 4132, HIP 51658) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major.	HD 91312	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 134335 is a giant star in the northern constellation of Boötes.	HD 134335	Boötes
constellation	WASP-15 is a magnitude 11 star located about 1000 light-years away in the constellation Hydra.	WASP-15	Hydra
constellation	Kepler-42, formerly known as KOI-961, is a red dwarf located in the constellation Cygnus and approximately 126 light years from the Sun. It has three known extrasolar planets, all of which are smaller than Earth in radius, and likely also in mass.	Kepler-42	Cygnus
constellation	HD 17156 is a yellow subgiant star approximately 240 light-years away in the constellation of Cassiopeia.	HD 17156	Cassiopeia
constellation	The Veil Nebula is a cloud of heated and ionized gas and dust in the constellation Cygnus.	Veil Nebula	Cygnus
constellation	Theta Herculis (θ Her, θ Herculis) is a fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Hercules.	Theta Herculis	Hercules
constellation	XO-5b is an extrasolar planet approximately 850 light years away in the constellation of Lynx.	XO-5b	Lynx
constellation	2MASS J02431371-2453298 (abbreviated to 2MASS 0243-2453) is a brown dwarf of spectral class T6, located in the constellation Fornax about 34.84 light-years from Earth.	2MASS J02431371-2453298	Fornax
constellation	HD 117440, also known by its Bayer designation d Centauri (d Cen), is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 117440	Centaurus
constellation	32 Tauri is the Flamsteed designation for a solitary star in the zodiac constellation of Taurus.	32 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HD 73267 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 177 light-years away in the constellation of Pyxis, orbiting the 9th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 73267.	HD 73267 b	Pyxis
constellation	NGC 428 is a barred spiral galaxy in the constellation of Cetus (The Sea Monster), with its spiral structure distorted and warped, possibly the result of the collision of two galaxies.	NGC 428	Cetus
constellation	65 Aquarii (abbreviated 65 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	65 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Epsilon Herculis (ε Her, ε Herculis) is a fourth-magnitude spectroscopic binary star in the constellation Hercules.	Epsilon Herculis	Hercules
constellation	NGC 4634 is a spiral galaxy located about 70 million light-years from the Sun in the constellation of Coma Berenices.	NGC 4634	Coma Berenices
constellation	Epsilon Cephei (ε Cep, ε Cep) is a Class F0, fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Cepheus.	Epsilon Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	N Centauri (N Cen) is a double star in the constellation Centaurus.	N Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	26 Boötis (26 Boo, 26 Bootis) is a star in the constellation Boötes.	26 Boötis	Boötes
constellation	PSR B1257+12 C, alternatively designated PSR B1257+12 d, also named Phobetor, is an extrasolar planet approximately 980 light-years away in the constellation of Virgo.	PSR B1257+12 C	Virgo
constellation	Markarian's Chain is a stretch of galaxies that forms part of the Virgo Cluster.	Markarian's Chain	Virgo
constellation	HD 69142 is an orange giant star in the constellation Puppis.	HD 69142	Puppis
constellation	72 Aquarii (abbreviated 72 Aqr) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius.	72 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	RW Cephei is an orange hypergiant star in the constellation Cepheus.	RW Cephei	Cepheus
constellation	3 Centauri is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus.	3 Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	MACHO-1997-BLG-41, commonly abbreviated as 97-BLG-41 or MACHO-97-BLG-41, was a gravitational microlensing event located in Sagittarius which occurred in July 1999.	MACHO-1997-BLG-41	Sagittarius
constellation	The Canis-Minorids are a meteor shower that arise from the direction of the constellation Canis Minor.	Canis-Minorids	Canis Minor
constellation	HD 187123 is an 8th magnitude G-type main sequence star located approximately 156 light-years away in the constellation of Cygnus.	HD 187123	Cygnus
constellation	HD 125612 is a yellow main sequence star located approximately 180 light years away in the constellation Virgo.	HD 125612	Virgo
constellation	HD 195019 (HIP 100970, SAO 106138) is a star system in the constellation of Delphinus.	HD 195019	Delphinus
constellation	18 Scorpii is a solitary star located at a distance of some 45.3 light-years (13.9 parsecs) from Earth at the northern edge of the Scorpius constellation.	18 Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	The Arches Cluster is the densest known star cluster in the Milky Way located about 100 light years from its center, in the constellation Sagittarius (The Archer), 25,000 light-years from Earth.	Arches Cluster	Sagittarius
constellation	NGC 4261 is an elliptical galaxy located behind the Virgo Cluster in the W-cloud.	NGC 4261	Virgo
constellation	HD 105382 (also known as V863 Cen) is a slowly pulsating B star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 105382	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 6304 is a globular cluster in the constellation Ophiuchus.	NGC 6304	Ophiuchus
constellation	36 Comae Berenices (36 Com) is a red giant star in the constellation Coma Berenices.	36 Comae Berenices	Coma Berenices
constellation	Phi Ophiuchi (φ Oph) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Phi Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	Palomar 2 is a globular cluster located in the constellation of Auriga.	Palomar 2	Auriga
constellation	Arp 272 is a pair of colliding galaxies consisting of the two spiral galaxies NGC 6050 and IC 1179 and lies around 450 million light years from Earth in the constellation of Hercules.	Arp 272	Hercules
constellation	18 Tauri (18 Tau) is a blue main-sequence star in the constellation Taurus.	18 Tauri	Taurus
constellation	HD 93083 is an 8th magnitude star located approximately 91 light years away in the southern constellation of Antlia.	HD 93083	Antlia
constellation	Iota Capricorni (ι Cap, ι Capricorni) is a star in the constellation Capricornus.	Iota Capricorni	Capricornus
constellation	La Superba (Y CVn, Y Canum Venaticorum) is a variable star in the constellation Canes Venatici, well known for its strikingly red appearance.	La Superba	Canes Venatici
constellation	61 Ursae Majoris (61 UMa) is an orange-yellow G8 main-sequence star in the constellation Ursa Major.	61 Ursae Majoris	Ursa Major
constellation	54 Persei (54 Per) is a yellow giant star in the constellation Perseus.	54 Persei	Perseus
constellation	21 Cancri (21 Cnc) is a star in the constellation Cancer.	21 Cancri	Cancer
constellation	Mz 3 (Menzel 3) is a young bipolar planetary nebula in the constellation Norma that is composed of a bright core and four distinct high-velocity outflows that have been named lobes, columns, rays, and chakram.	Mz 3	Norma
constellation	Gliese 710 is a star in the constellation Serpens Cauda with an apparent visual magnitude of 9.69.	Gliese 710	Serpens
constellation	NGC 1868 is a globular cluster in the Large Magellanic Cloud in the constellation Dorado.	NGC 1868	Dorado
constellation	XTE J1739-285 is a neutron star, in the constellation Ophiuchus, situated approximately 39,000 light-years from Earth.	XTE J1739-285	Ophiuchus
constellation	RR Coronae Borealis (RR CrB, HD 140297, HIP 76844) is a M3-type semiregular variable star located in the constellation Corona Borealis with a parallax of 2.93mas being a distance of 341 parsecs (1,110 ly).	RR Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	After the initial name of Serpens, it was subsequently catalogued as Palomar 5.	Palomar 5	Serpens
constellation	53 Piscium, also known as AG Piscium, is a binary star in the constellation Pisces.	53 Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HD 128311 or HN Boötis is an orange main-sequence star located approximately 54 light-years away in the constellation of Boötes.	HD 128311	Boötes
constellation	67 Ophiuchi (67 Oph) is a Class B5 fourth-magnitude star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	67 Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	HD 125595 is a 9th magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 89 light years away in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 125595	Centaurus
constellation	NGC 2787 is a barred lenticular galaxy approximately 24 million light-years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	NGC 2787	Ursa Major
constellation	M Centauri (M Cen) is a binary star in the constellation Centaurus.	M Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Sigma Centauri (σ Cen, σ Centauri) is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	Sigma Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	Lambda Chamaeleontis (l Cha), is a star located in the constellation Musca.	Lambda Chamaeleontis	Musca
constellation	HD 190984 b (also known as HIP 99496 b) is an extrasolar planet which orbits the F-type main sequence star HD 190984, located approximately 330 light years away in the constellation Pavo.	HD 190984 b	Pavo
constellation	HD 173791 (30 G. Telescopium) is a giant star in the constellation Telescopium, located about 358 light-years (110 parsecs) from Earth.	HD 173791	Telescopium
constellation	Gliese 849 b is an extrasolar planet approximately 29 light years away in the constellation of Aquarius.	Gliese 849 b	Aquarius
constellation	NGC 206 is a bright star cloud in the Andromeda Galaxy.	NGC 206	Andromeda
constellation	1 Pegasi (1 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	1 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	28 Cygni (28 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus.	28 Cygni	Cygnus
constellation	V1280 Scorpii (or Nova Scorpii 2007) is a nova observed in February 2007 in the constellation Scorpius, just south of M62.	V1280 Scorpii	Scorpius
constellation	Iota Sagittarii (Iota Sgr, ι Sagittarii, ι Sgr) is a star in the constellation Sagittarius.	Iota Sagittarii	Sagittarius
constellation	Tau Geminorum (τ Gem) is a star in the northern zodiac constellation of Gemini.	Tau Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	HD 4113 is an 8th magnitude metal rich G5V star located approximately 144 light-years away in the constellation Sculptor.	HD 4113	Sculptor
constellation	Beta Trianguli Australis (β TrA, β Trianguli Australis) is a double star in the southern circumpolar constellation of Triangulum Australe.	Beta Trianguli Australis	Triangulum Australe
constellation	Gliese 758 B (often shortened to GJ 758 B) is a brown dwarf orbiting the G-type main sequence star Gliese 758, located approximately 50 light years away, in the constellation Lyra.	Gliese 758 B	Lyra
constellation	HAT-P-4 is a F9-type main-sequence star in the constellation of Boötes.	HAT-P-4	Boötes
constellation	BD-08°2823 is a 9.86 magnitude K-type main sequence star located approximately 137 light years away in the constellation Sextans.	BD-08°2823	Sextans
constellation	HD 83443 is an orange dwarf star approximately 134 light-years away in the constellation of Vela.	HD 83443	Vela
constellation	COROT-7 (TYC 4799-1733-1) is a G-type main sequence star, slightly smaller and cooler than the Sun. It has an apparent magnitude 11.67, fainter than Proxima Centauri (mag. 11.05), the nearest star to the Sun. This star is located in the Monoceros constellation.	COROT-7	Monoceros
constellation	Chi Aquarii (χ Aqr, χ Aquarii) is the Bayer designation of a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius.	Chi Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Maffei 1 is a giant elliptical galaxy in the constellation Cassiopeia.	Maffei 1	Cassiopeia
constellation	S Monocerotis, also known as 15 Monocerotis, is a massive variable star system located in the constellation Monoceros.	S Monocerotis	Monoceros
constellation	NGC 66 is a barred spiral galaxy discovered by Frank Muller in 1886, and is located in the Cetus constellation.	NGC 66	Cetus
continent	Koenig Valley (77°36′S 160°47′E) is an ice-free valley just east of Mount Thor in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Koenig Valley	Antarctica
continent	Foggydog Glacier is a glacier between the Blank Peaks and Mount Rich in the Brown Hills of Antarctica.	Foggydog Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Campbell Head is a bold headland on the western side of Oom Bay, Mawson Coast, Antarctica.	Campbell Head	Antarctica
continent	Barren Bluff is a prominent rock bluff in the south part of the Sequence Hills along the west side of upper Rennick Glacier, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Barren Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Derocher Peninsula (71°25′S 73°20′W) is a snow-covered peninsula between Brahms Inlet and Mendelssohn Inlet on the north side of Beethoven Peninsula, Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Derocher Peninsula	Antarctica
country	The Taunus Railway (German: Taunus-Eisenbahn) is a double-track electrified railway line, which connects Frankfurt and Wiesbaden, Germany.	Taunus Railway	Germany
country	National University of Civil Engineering, abbreviated as NUCE, formerly ``Ha Noi University of Civil Engineering'', is one of the leading universities in Vietnam.	National University of Civil Engineering	Vietnam
country	The Dinosaur Trail is a name applied to three provincial highways in the province of Alberta, Canada, paralleling the Red Deer River on both sides, from Drumheller to the Bleriot Ferry.	Dinosaur Trail	Canada
country	Omar Al-Mukhtar University (Arabic: جامعة عمر المختار‎) started as an Islamic university in Bayda, Libya.	Omar Al-Mukhtar University	Libya
country	Krasnoufimsky Uyezd (Russian: Красноуфимский уезд) was an administrative division (uyezd) of Perm Governorate, Russian Empire, which existed in 1781-1923.	Krasnoufimsky Uyezd	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Mateo Túnez Grau (born 21 November 1989 in Navarrés, Valencia, Spain) is a motorcycle road racer.	Mateo Túnez	Spain
country of citizenship	Edgar Valdez Villarreal (born August 11, 1973) also known as La Barbie (``The Barbie''), is a Mexican-American, born and raised in the United States, who was arrested near Mexico City in August 2010 on charges related to large scale drug trafficking with the Beltrán-Leyva Cartel.	Edgar Valdez Villarreal	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ayatollah Muhammad Asif Mohseni (Persian: آیت‌الله العظمی محمد آصف محسنی‎) (Sheik Mohseni) (born 1936) is widely considered to be the most powerful Twelver shiite cleric in Afghanistan.	Asif Mohseni	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Silke Renk (born June 30, 1967 in Querfurt, Saxony-Anhalt) is a retired javelin thrower from Germany.	Silke Renk	Germany
country of citizenship	Father Fidel Maíz (March 8, 1828 in Arroyos y Esteros, Cordillera Department) was a priest in Paraguay.	Fidel Maíz	Paraguay
country of origin	Fade Street is a reality television show produced by RTÉ Two in Ireland.	Fade Street	Ireland
country of origin	A Times of India critic gave 3.5 out of 5, claiming that ``even with a sleepy narration in the first 30 minutes or so, Singam is worth a watch.''	Singam	India
country of origin	Venezzia is a 2009 Venezuelan drama film based on real events; the role of Venezuela during World War II and a love story.	Venezzia	Venezuela
country of origin	Chapea is a bean stew: a very popular dish from the countryside of the Dominican Republic.	Chapea	Dominican Republic
country of origin	What Fun! is a pop/reggae group based in Haarlem, Netherlands founded in 1981.	What Fun!	Netherlands
country of origin	Relic of an Emissary (Chinese: 洪武三十二; literally ``Hongwu 32'') is a 2011 Hong Kong historical fiction television drama serial produced by TVB.	Relic of an Emissary	Hong Kong
country of origin	Ishq Be Parwah is an Urdu movie from Pakistan, directed by Altaf Hussein.	Ishq Be Parwah	Pakistan
country of origin	Baghala ghatogh or baghali ghatogh (in Persian: باقلا قاتوق) is an Iranian dish (especially the north of Iran) made with Baghalas (Rashti faba beans), dill, and Eggs.	Baghala ghatogh	Iran
country of origin	Ankahi was an Urdu drama serial broadcast by Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV) in 1982.	Ankahi	Pakistan
country of origin	The People's Supermarket was visited by Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, David Cameron on Monday 14 February 2011 immediately prior to his speech relaunching his flagship Big Society initiative and the creation of the Big Society Bank at Somerset House in central London.	The People's Supermarket	United Kingdom
country of origin	Academy Fantasia (or True Academy Fantasia, formerly UBC Academy Fantasia) is a reality show held in Thailand.	Academy Fantasia	Thailand
country of origin	Gloves Come Off is a Hong Kong television action drama produced by TVB under executive producer Marco Law.	Gloves Come Off	Hong Kong
country of origin	Rainbow Magic books by Daisy Meadows were the most-borrowed children's books at libraries in the United Kingdom, and the second-most borrowed books overall at those libraries, for 2010 and 2011.	Rainbow Magic	United Kingdom
country of origin	Scandal Makers was released in South Korea on 3 December 2008, and topped the box office on its opening weekend with 473,725 admissions.	Scandal Makers	South Korea
country of origin	Flies graveyard or flies cemetery are nicknames used in various parts of the United Kingdom for sweet pastries filled with currants or raisins, which are the ``flies'' in the ``graveyard'' or ``cemetery''.	Flies graveyard	United Kingdom
country of origin	Test the Nation is a television programme, first broadcast in 2001 by BNN in the Netherlands where the concept is owned by Eyeworks Holding who license it to TV production companies around the world.	Test the Nation	Netherlands
country of origin	Tangy Fruits were small edible fruit flavoured round candies, often sold in New Zealand at movie theatres.	Tangy Fruits	New Zealand
country of origin	Arts Plus was a weekly Lifestyle programme showing the tradition and culture of India.	Arts Plus	India
country of origin	The Haunting of Helena is 2012 Italian supernatural horror film, written and directed by Christian Bisceglia and filmed in Italy.	The Haunting of Helena	Italy
country of origin	The Feast of the Goat is only the second of Vargas Llosa's novels to be set outside Peru (the first being The War of the End of the World).	The Feast of the Goat	Peru
country of origin	The Radio Tycoon (播音人) is a 1983 Hong Kong television drama produced by TVB and starring Chow Yun-fat, Angie Chiu and Michael Miu	The Radio Tycoon	Hong Kong
country of origin	Talsu Vēstis is a regional newspaper published in Latvia.	Talsu Vēstis	Latvia
country of origin	Spaghettieis was created by Dario Fontanella in the late 1960s in Mannheim, Germany.	Spaghettieis	Germany
country of origin	Produced in France, Magnificent Sinner stars Curd Jürgens as Tsar Alexander II, with Romy Schneider as the schoolgirl Katia who first becomes his mistress, before being elevated to the rank of princess.	Magnificent Sinner	France
country of origin	Chikuzenni (筑前煮 chikuzen-ni) is a dish that originated from northern Kyushu, Japan, made of braised chicken and vegetables.	Chikuzenni	Japan
country of origin	Last of the Living is a 2009 New Zealand comedy-horror film written and directed by Logan McMillan.	Last of the Living	New Zealand
country of origin	Tonight with Vincent Browne, (formerly Nightly News with Vincent Browne), is a news analysis, current affairs and politics programme broadcast on Ireland's TV3.	Tonight with Vincent Browne	Ireland
country of origin	Cathare is a goat's milk cheese from the Languedoc-Roussillon region of France.	Cathare	France
country of origin	The Band's Visit was Israel's original Foreign Language Film submission for the 80th Academy Awards, but was rejected by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences because it contained over 50% English dialogue.	The Band's Visit	Israel
country of origin	La Pivellina is being released in more than 20 countries worldwide (including USA, Argentina, France, Italy, Brazil, Germany).	La Pivellina	Italy
country of origin	Police on the Road is a 1991 Hong Kong action police procedural television series produced by TVB and starring Gallen Lo and Wan Yeung-ming.	Police on the Road	Hong Kong
country of origin	¡Que viva la lucha! is a 2007 film directed and produced by Gustavo Vazquez about Lucha libre in Tijuana, Mexico, considered to be a form of extreme lucha libre.	Que viva la lucha	Mexico
country of origin	Birnbrot (literally pear bread) or Birnweggen (literally pear buns) are a traditional pastry originating in Switzerland with a filling of dried pears.	Birnbrot	Switzerland
country of origin	Cochinita pibil (also puerco pibil or cochinita con achiote) is a traditional Mexican slow-roasted pork dish from the Yucatán Península of Mayan origin.	Cochinita pibil	Yucatán
country of origin	Then on April 30, 2010 Germany's Sat.1 aired Die perfekte Minute (The perfect Minute) and on June 22, 2010 Australia's Seven Network aired Minute to Win It.	Minute to Win It	Australia
country of origin	``Aquarela do Brasil'' (Portuguese: (akwaˈɾɛlɐ du bɾaˈziw), Watercolor of Brazil), known in the English-speaking world simply as ``Brazil'', is one of the most famous Brazilian songs, written by Ary Barroso in 1939.	Aquarela do Brasil	Brazil
country of origin	Bookaboo is broadcast on CITV in the United Kingdom, ABC2 in Australia, and CBC in Canada.	Bookaboo	United Kingdom
country of origin	Schweiz aktuell (literally ``Switzerland today'') is the title of a current affairs show on German-speaking Swiss public channel SRF 1.	Schweiz aktuell	Switzerland
country of origin	J'irai dormir chez vous (meaning ``I'll come sleep in your house'') is a French travel documentary series aired in French TV channels Canal+ and France 5.	J'irai dormir chez vous	France
country of origin	Triple & Touch is a song and entertainment duo from Gothenburg, Sweden, consisting of Ken Wennerholm (born 1959 in Tranås, Småland) and Göran Rudbo (born 1959 in Stöde, Medelpad).	Triple & Touch	Sweden
country of origin	Plim Plim is a folk song from Argentina.	Plim Plim	Argentina
country of origin	Bundaberg Rum is a dark rum produced in Bundaberg, Australia.	Bundaberg Rum	Australia
country of origin	It was first broadcast on TTV in Taiwan in 1999 and was followed by The Legendary Siblings 2 in 2002.	The Legendary Siblings	Taiwan
country of origin	The Season of Fate (Traditional Chinese: 五味人生, literally The Five Flavors of Life) is a 2010 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced by Nelson Cheung.	The Season of Fate	Hong Kong
country of origin	Children of the Stones is a British television drama serial for children produced by HTV in 1976 and broadcast on the United Kingdom's ITV network in January and February 1977.	Children of the Stones	United Kingdom
country of origin	Casa Noble has been the winner of many accolades including ``double gold winner'' of the San Francisco World Spirit Competition in 2007 and 2009 and ``best tequila'' in Mexico by Academia Mexicana del Tequila.	Casa Noble	Mexico
country of origin	Whiskey-class submarines (known in the Soviet Union as Projects 613, 644, and 665) are a class of naval submarines that the Soviet Union built in the early Cold War period.	Whiskey-class submarine	Soviet Union
country of origin	Casanovas is a Swedish dansband established in 1989 in Vadstena, Sweden.	Casanovas	Sweden
country of origin	Galli Galli Sim Sim (Devanagari: गली गली सिम सिम) is the Hindi language adaptation of the American children's television series Sesame Street (famous for its Muppets), for India.	Galli Galli Sim Sim	India
country of origin	Directed and produced in India, with all-Indian actors, Karunamayudu was seen by many missionaries as one of the most culturally relevant tools for Christian evangelization in India.	Karunamayudu	India
country of origin	Recreating Eden was originally broadcast on HGTV Canada in 2002, but after two seasons was not renewed.	Recreating Eden	Canada
country of origin	Manu Rere is a weekly New Zealand television educational show hosted by Kaa Williams.	Manu Rere	New Zealand
country of origin	Serenata en México (``Serenade in Mexico'') is a 1956 Mexican film.	Serenata en México	Mexico
country of origin	Kovai Brothers is a 2006 Tamil-language comedy film released in India.	Kovai Brothers	India
country of origin	The principal objective of El Siglo Futuro remained the defence of Catholic faith and position of the Church in Spain.	El Siglo Futuro	Spain
country of origin	Seven Ages is a historical documentary series that was produced by Araby Productions, in association with The O'Reilly Foundation, for RTÉ and BBC Northern Ireland.	Seven Ages	Ireland
country of origin	Thieboudienne, ceebu jen, or thiéboudiène is a traditional dish from Senegal.	Thieboudienne	Senegal
country of origin	On 2 May 2011, a new version of Bananas in Pyjamas, produced by Southern Star Entertainment in full CGI, was premiered on ABC2 in Australia; it was shown in other countries soon after that date.	Bananas in Pyjamas	Australia
country of origin	Go Quiet was filmed in Reykjavík during New Year, 2010, and features the festive sights and sounds of New Year's Eve in Iceland.	Go Quiet	Iceland
country of origin	Trópico de Sangre (English: Tropic of Blood) is a 2010 drama film based on the true story of the Dominican Republic's historic Mirabal sisters.	Trópico de Sangre	Dominican Republic
country of origin	Corporate Corridor is a weekly business program on Dawn News that discusses business issues with top executives representing the private, public and government enterprises of Pakistan.	Corporate Corridor	Pakistan
country of origin	Dragon Fight is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Billy Tang, with a screenplay written by James Yuen, and starring Jet Li.	Dragon Fight	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Enchanted Journey, released in Japan as Gurikku no Bōken (グリックの冒険, lit. The Adventures of Glikko), is a 1981 Japanese anime film directed by Hideo Nishimaki and based on the book of the same name by Atsuo Saitō.	Enchanted Journey	Japan
country of origin	Adventures of Mowgli (Russian: Маугли; also spelled Maugli) is an animated feature-length story originally released as five animated shorts of about 20 minutes each between 1967 and 1971 in the Soviet Union.	Adventures of Mowgli	Soviet Union
country of origin	Beto Rockfeller is often mentioned as a turning point for the telenovela format in Brazil.	Beto Rockfeller	Brazil
country of origin	Waiting for Caroline is a 1969 Canadian drama film directed by Ron Kelly and produced by the National Film Board of Canada.	Waiting for Caroline	Canada
country of origin	Bom Dia São Paulo has 38 years of existence (started on April 18, 1977), the first daily morning news in Brazil.	Bom Dia São Paulo	Brazil
country of origin	The Politics Show was an hour-long BBC One television political programme broadcast in the United Kingdom on Sundays, broadcasting usually at midday.	Politics Show	United Kingdom
country of origin	Have You Seen Drum Recently? is a 1989 film which uses photographs from the Drum archives to tell the story of the magazine and documents its contribution to the cultural and political life of South Africa.	Have You Seen Drum Recently?	South Africa
country of origin	La Tormenta (The Storm) is a Colombian 2005 telenovela produced by RTI Colombia and broadcast by Telemundo, starring Natalia Streignard and Christian Meier, while Natasha Klauss playing the main villain of the story.	La Tormenta	Colombia
country of origin	The Voice After Party is a lighthearted chat show reviewing the night's action in Irish talent show The Voice of Ireland.	The Voice After Party	Ireland
country of origin	Kalimera Ellada (Greek: Καλημέρα Ελλάδα; English: Good Morning Greece) is a television morning program aired by ANT1 in 1992 until 2011 and revived in October 2015 and hosted by Giorgos Papadakis.	Kalimera Ellada	Greece
country of origin	In Freedom Park, a squatter settlement in South Africa, a group of HIV-infected former sex-workers, created a network called Tapologo.	Tapologo	South Africa
country of origin	Martin After Dark (later retitled Martin Nievera After Dark) was a musical-talk TV show broadcast in the Philippines on the GMA Network from 1988 to 1993 and on ABS-CBN from 1993 to 1998.	Martin After Dark	Philippines
country of origin	The .308 Norma Magnum (7.62×65mmBR) cartridge was created by Nils Kvale at Norma, Sweden.	.308 Norma Magnum	Sweden
country of origin	The CAAE also co-ordinated numerous discussion groups throughout Canada to provide additional channels of public participation for People Talking Back.	People Talking Back	Canada
country of origin	NPO Radio 2 is a public-service radio station in the Netherlands, broadcasting chiefly classic hits.	NPO Radio 2	Netherlands
country of origin	Loureira, Loureiro or Loureiro Blanco is a white wine grape cultivated primarily in Galicia, Spain.	Loureira	Spain
country of origin	Dumb Ways to Die is an Australian public service announcement campaign by Metro Trains in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, to promote rail safety.	Dumb Ways to Die	Australia
country of origin	Twarres is a folk/pop band from the Netherlands who perform songs in both English and their native West Frisian language.	Twarres	Netherlands
country of origin	BBC Newsline is the BBC's regional television news service for Northern Ireland.	BBC Newsline	Northern Ireland
country of origin	Bleu de Gex (also Bleu du Haut-Jura or Bleu de Septmoncel) is a creamy, semi-soft blue cheese made from unpasteurized milk in the Jura region of France.	Bleu de Gex	France
country of origin	Doggy Poo (강아지 똥, Gangaji ddong) is a 30-minute stop motion-animated film from South Korea, directed by Kwon Oh-sung, based on Kwon Jung-saeng's 1968 children's book Doggy Poo, illustrated by Annie Rose Godsman.	Doggy Poo	South Korea
country of origin	Mast Maja Maadi released on 12 December 2008 in India.	Mast Maja Maadi	India
country of origin	Nadia's Friends is a documentary which follows filmmaker Chanoch Zeevi as he travels through Israel exploring how Zionism has evolved since he was a child.	Nadia's Friends	Israel
country of origin	Today, one can find Punschkrapfen in most pastry shops and bakeries in Austria.	Punschkrapfen	Austria
country of origin	Pantruca, pancutra or pancucha is a typical food of Chile made with flour.	Pantruca	Chile
country of origin	Once a Cop (Chinese: 超級計劃) is a 1993 Hong Kong action film directed by Stanley Tong and starring Michelle Yeoh.	Once a Cop	Hong Kong
country of origin	Cottin SAS is a family held business based in Paris, France.	Cottin SAS	France
country of origin	Vanguard Dutch Marine Limited or VanDutch (/væn/ /ˈdʌtʃ/) is a Netherlands based yacht manufacturing company.	Vanguard Dutch Marine	Netherlands
country of origin	Tank Knights Fortress (Hangul: 포트리스, Poteuliseu in short or 무한 전기 포트 리스, Muhan Jeongi Poteuliseu in full name) is a Korean-Japanese co-produced animated series by SBS Productions, Dong Woo Animation and Daewon Media of South Korea in partnership with SUNRISE, NAS and Bandai Visual of Japan.	Tank Knights Fortress	South Korea
country of origin	Edward & Mrs. Simpson is a seven-part British television series that dramatises the events leading to the 1936 abdication of King Edward VIII of the United Kingdom, who gave up his throne to marry the twice-divorced American Wallis Simpson.	Edward & Mrs. Simpson	United Kingdom
country of origin	Although Sytten was one of the first mainstream films in Denmark dealing with explicit nudity and sex (along with Jeg en kvinde and Halløj i himmelsengen), the film provoked little controversy within the country.	Sytten	Denmark
country of origin	The 100 Mile Challenge is a Canadian reality television series produced by Paperny Entertainment and aired on Food Network Canada.	The 100 Mile Challenge	Canada
country of origin	Radio Zamaneh is an independent Persian-language broadcaster that was founded in 2005, after the parliament of The Netherlands passed a resolution calling for support to free Iranian media.	Radio Zamaneh	Netherlands
country of origin	Véro was a Canadian talk show hosted by Véronique Cloutier (previously a host of La Fureur), which aired on Radio-Canada.	Véro	Canada
country of origin	The Spiritual Harmonizers is an urban contemporary gospel group, made up of current and retired postal employees from Richmond, Virginia, United States of America.	The Spiritual Harmonizers	United States of America
country of origin	Frijj is a brand of milkshake sold mainly in the United Kingdom.	Frijj	United Kingdom
country of origin	Ultra Protection is a 1999 Hong Kong action crime drama television series produced by TVB and starring Bowie Lam, Mariane Chan, Cheung Siu-fai and Angie Cheung.	Ultra Protection	Hong Kong
country of origin	Shanghai Blues (Chinese:上海之夜) is a Hong Kong film directed by Tsui Hark, which had its premiere on September 1984.	Shanghai Blues	Hong Kong
country of origin	It was founded in 1819 in Helsinki, Finland by Russian merchant Nikolai Sinebrychoff (Russian: Николай Петрович Синебрюхов), and is one of the largest breweries in Finland today.	Sinebrychoff	Finland
country of origin	Bakbakan is a boxing television program in the Philippines.	Bakbakan	Philippines
country of origin	Fantaghirò 2 was later dubbed into multiple languages for foreign television broadcasts and released on home video (VHS and DVD) in Italy and in several other countries.	Fantaghirò 2	Italy
country of origin	Firstline was a New Zealand morning news programme produced by 3 News, the news division of TV3.	Firstline	New Zealand
country of origin	Eka Peksha Ek (Devnagari: 'एका पेक्षा एक' ) is a 1990 Action, comedy, Mystery Marathi film directed by Sachin released in India in 1990.	Eka Peksha Ek	India
country of origin	Jean-Léonard Touadi (born 25 January 1959 in Brazzaville, Republic of the Congo) is a Congolese Italian journalist, author and politician.	Jean-Léonard Touadi	Republic of the Congo
country of origin	The film begins with Sallah Shabati, a Mizrahi Jewish immigrant, arriving with his family in Israel.	Sallah Shabati	Israel
country of origin	La Colonie is a comedy by French playwright Pierre de Marivaux, published in 1750 in the journal Mercure de France.	La Colonie	France
country of origin	In United Kingdom, BBC Shop released the 2D DVD edition of Hidden Kingdoms on 27 January 2014, and the 3D Blu-ray edition on 7 April 2014.	Hidden Kingdoms	United Kingdom
country of origin	Y? was an educational children's science program shown on the Nine Network in Australia.	Y?	Australia
country of origin	The Butterflies of Zagorsk was a documentary produced by the BBC, narrated by Michael Dean, and first broadcast in the United Kingdom in 1990.	The Butterflies of Zagorsk	United Kingdom
country of origin	This wasn't the last time Salvados openly criticised the Church, as it denounced, this time in a more serious tone, the privileges of the Catholic Church in Spain in the episode Que Dios te lo pague (``May God pay you for it'', aired on April 23, 2012).	Salvados	Spain
country of origin	The Singapore Assault Rifle 80 (SAR 80) is an indigenously built, conventional assault rifle from Singapore.	SAR 80	Singapore
country of origin	Filmed on a budget of $1 million, Yellow Hair 2 was released in South Korea on 21 July 2001, and received 26,440 admissions in Seoul.	Yellow Hair 2	South Korea
country of origin	The Squatter's Son is an Australian film directed by E. I. Cole based on a play which Cole and his company performed throughout Australia.	The Squatter's Son	Australia
country of origin	Breadsticks (grissini, dipping sticks) are generally pencil-sized sticks of crisp, dry bread originating in Turin and the surrounding area in Italy.	Breadstick	Italy
country of origin	Women of Times (Chinese: 至尊红颜) is a 20-episode Chinese drama telecast in Singapore in 2006.	Women of Times	Singapore
country of origin	Operatunity Oz was a 2006 talent search, and accompanying four-part television documentary by Simon Target, in which Opera Australia conducted a nationwide search to find someone in Australia without professional opera experience, who could be coached to sing in a staged opera --	Operatunity Oz	Australia
country of origin	Chickpea bread (Turkish: Nohut ekmeği) is a type of bread made from chickpea flour from the Albania and Turkey.	Chickpea bread	Albania	Turkey
country of origin	Man from Guangdong is a 1991 Hong Kong martial arts television series produced by TVB and tells the story of Leung Kan, portrayed by Aaron Kwok, the fictitious son of famed martial artist Leung Foon, whom was a favored disciple of folk hero Wong Fei-hung, portrayed by Shih Kien.	Man from Guangdong	Hong Kong
country of origin	Ohaw or rur is a savory soup of the Ainu people of northern Japan, flavored with fish or animal bones.	Ohaw	Japan
country of origin	Freetime Machos is a Finnish documentary film about the world's most northerly rugby club called OYUS Rugby based in Oulu, Finland.	Freetime Machos	Finland
country of origin	Thunder Plot (Chinese: 惊天大阴谋) is a Singaporean action drama produced by Singapore Broadcasting Corporation (SBC) (now MediaCorp) in 1994.	Thunder Plot	Singapore
country of origin	Butterfly and Flowers (Thai: ผีเสื้อและดอกไม้, or Peesua lae dokmai) is a 1985 Thai drama film directed by Euthana Mukdasanit, set in Muslim-majority southern Thailand.	Butterfly and Flowers	Thailand
country of origin	Chris and Tad (aka The Chris and Tad Show) was formed in 1998 by The Presidents of the United States of America's Chris Ballew and Young Fresh Fellows' Tad Hutchison.	Chris and Tad	United States of America
country of origin	In the Netherlands the Serious Request broadcasts and the Glass House have become a national December tradition, that reaches most of the national population.	Serious Request	Netherlands
country of origin	Krystala is a daily fantasy/sci-fi/adventure/soap opera serial (superserye/fantaserye) from the Philippines, where it was produced by and aired on ABS-CBN from October 11, 2004 to April 22, 2005.	Krystala	Philippines
country of origin	The IAI Scout (known in Israel under its Hebrew name זהבן - ``Oriole'') is a reconnaissance unmanned air vehicle developed in Israel in the 1970s by Israel Aircraft Industries as a competitor to the Tadiran Mastiff.	IAI Scout	Israel
country of origin	M. Suganth of The Times of India rated it 1.5 out of 5, saying ``Agadam is a cautionary tale that proves that while digital has made it possible for anyone to make a film, not everyone should make one.	Agadam	India
country of origin	Totally Saturday was an entertainment and audience participation programme aired by the BBC in the United Kingdom.	Totally Saturday	United Kingdom
country of origin	Cain XVIII (Russian: Каин XVIII) is a 1963 film from the Soviet Union, adapted from Evgeny Shvarts' tale Two friends.	Cain XVIII	Soviet Union
country of origin	My Mighty-in-Laws (simplified Chinese: 野蛮亲家) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	My Mighty-in-Laws	Singapore
country of origin	Our Man in Tehran is a Canadian documentary film, profiling the role of Kenneth D. Taylor, Canada's ambassador to Iran in the 1970s, in resolving the Iran hostage crisis of 1979-1980 by engineering the Canadian Caper.	Our Man in Tehran	Canada
country of origin	The Gender War (Swedish: Könskriget) is a documentary in two parts by journalist Evin Rubar on radical feminism in Sweden and its influence on Swedish politics.	The Gender War	Sweden
country of origin	Budak Lapok is a 2007 animated film in Malaysia.	Budak Lapok	Malaysia
country of origin	The Map and the Territory was among the most eagerly awaited and discussed novels of the 2010 literary season in France.	The Map and the Territory	France
country of origin	Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon was Australia's first animated feature film, released in 1972 and directed by Eric Porter.	Marco Polo Junior Versus the Red Dragon	Australia
creator	OCaml (/oʊˈkæməl/ oh-KAM-əl), originally known as Objective Caml, is the main implementation of the Caml programming language, created by Xavier Leroy, Jérôme Vouillon, Damien Doligez, Didier Rémy, Ascánder Suárez and others in 1996.	OCaml	Xavier Leroy	Damien Doligez
creator	Shoot for the Stars is a game show created and produced by Bob Stewart, and aired on the NBC television network.	Shoot for the Stars	Bob Stewart
creator	Diana and Endymion is a painting by Francesco Solimena undertaken from 1705 until 1710.	Diana and Endymion	Francesco Solimena
creator	OFI Sunday was a British entertainment show hosted by Chris Evans.	OFI Sunday	Chris Evans
creator	Mexican muralist Diego Rivera painted Pan American Unity for the Art in Action exhibition at Treasure Island's Golden Gate International Exposition (GGIE) in San Francisco, California in 1940.	Pan American Unity	Diego Rivera
date of death	Mario Aguiñada Carranza (1942 -- 25 August 2015) was a Salvadoran activist and politician.	Mario Aguiñada Carranza	25 August 2015
date of death	Lieutenant-Colonel Orlando Bridgeman, 5th Earl of Bradford DL, JP (6 October 1873 -- 21 March 1957), styled Viscount Newport from 1898 to 1915, was a British peer, Conservative politician and soldier.	Orlando Bridgeman, 5th Earl of Bradford	21 March 1957
date of death	Ian Burn (29 December 1939 -- 29 September 1993) was an influential Australian conceptual artist.	Ian Burn	29 September 1993
date of death	William Ravenscroft (1561 -- 27 October 1628) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1586 and 1628.	William Ravenscroft	27 October 1628
date of death	Séamus Doyle (died 30 April 1971) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician.	Séamus Doyle	30 April 1971
director	Say a Little Prayer is a children's film by Richard Lowenstein.	Say a Little Prayer	Richard Lowenstein
director	A Distant Trumpet is a 1964 American Western film, the last directed by Raoul Walsh.	A Distant Trumpet	Raoul Walsh
director	French Cops Learning English, originally copyrighted in the United States as French Interpreter Policeman, is a 1908 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	French Cops Learning English	Georges Méliès
director	Iru Malargal (Translation: Two Flowers) is a 1967 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar.	Iru Malargal	A. C. Tirulokchandar
director	Dinner for Adele (Czech: Adéla ještě nevečeřela) is a 1977 Czechoslovak comedy detective film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	Dinner for Adele	Oldřich Lipský
director	Rowdy Inspector is a 1992 Telugu, Action film produced by T. Trivikrama Rao on Vijayalakshmi Art Movie Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures banner, directed by B. Gopal.	Rowdy Inspector	B. Gopal
director	I soldi is a 1965 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Gianni Puccini.	I soldi	Gianni Puccini
director	Salangeul chajaseo (사랑을 찾아서) (In Search of Love, or Looking For Love) is a 1929 Korean film written, directed, produced, edited by and starring Na Woon-gyu (1902-1937).	Salangeul chajaseo	Na Woon-gyu
director	Mesa of Lost Women is a 1953 American low-budget black-and-white science fiction film directed by Ron Ormond and Herbert Tevos from a screenplay by the latter and Orville H. Hampton.	Mesa of Lost Women	Ron Ormond
director	Gopura Vasalile (In Tamil கோபுர வாசலிலே) is a 1991 Indian Tamil black comedy film directed by Priyadarshan in his directional debut in Tamil cinema and was produced by Mu.	Gopura Vasalile	Priyadarshan
director	After the Third Bell is an independent Bollywood film written and directed by Ajay Govind under the banner Sisyphus Rocks Films.	After the Third Bell	Ajay Govind
director	A Question of Honor is a 1915 American short silent film directed by B. Reeves Eason.	A Question of Honor	B. Reeves Eason
director	Housewives on the Job (German: Hausfrauen Report international) is a 1972 German erotic comedy film directed by Ernst Hofbauer, released in 1973.	Housewives on the Job	Ernst Hofbauer
director	Pengejar Angin (The Wind Chaser) is a 2011 film by Indonesian director Hanung Bramantyo and starring Qausar Harta Yudana, Mathias Muchus, and Lukman Sardi.	Pengejar Angin	Hanung Bramantyo
director	Lafange is a 1975 Bollywood film directed by Harmesh Malhotra	Lafange	Harmesh Malhotra
director	Righting Wrongs (Chinese: 執法先鋒, aka Above the Law) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Corey Yuen, who also co-stars.	Righting Wrongs	Corey Yuen
director	Giovannona Coscialunga disonorata con onore (internationally released as Giovannona Long-Thigh) is a 1973 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Sergio Martino.	Giovannona Long-Thigh	Sergio Martino
director	Raphael, or The Debauched One (French: Raphaël ou le Débauché) is a 1971 French drama film directed by Michel Deville.	Raphael, or The Debauched One	Michel Deville
director	The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins is a 1971 British comedy film directed and produced by Graham Stark.	The Magnificent Seven Deadly Sins	Graham Stark
director	You Pay Your Money is a 1957 British crime drama film directed by Maclean Rogers.	You Pay Your Money	Maclean Rogers
director	Thayigintha Devarilla (Kannada: ತಾಯಿಗಿಂತ ದೇವರಿಲ್ಲ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film, directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Lakshmi Vajramuni.	Thayigintha Devarilla	Y. R. Swamy
director	Qamaran wa Zaytouna (Arabic: قمران وزيتونة‎) (International title: Two Moons and an Olive) is a Syrian feature drama film by director Abdellatif Abdelhamid.	Qamaran wa Zaytouna	Abdellatif Abdelhamid
director	Raathriyile Yaathrakkaar is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu and produced by Aswathy Suku.	Raathriyile Yaathrakkaar	P. Venu
director	How I Learned to Love Women (Italian: Come imparai ad amare le donne, French: Comment j'ai appris à aimer les femmes, German: Das gewisse Etwas der Frauen, also known as Love Parade) is a 1966 Italian-French-German comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.	How I Learned to Love Women	Luciano Salce
director	Anteojito y Antifaz, mil intentos y un invento (English title: Anteojito and Antifaz, A Thousand Attempts and One Invention) is a 1972 Argentine animated comedy-drama film written and directed by Manuel García Ferré.	Anteojito y Antifaz, mil intentos y un invento	Manuel García Ferré
director	Hello, Everybody! is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Lawrence Hazard, Fannie Hurst and Dorothy Yost.	Hello, Everybody!	William A. Seiter
director	Spotted Dog Running at the Edge of the Sea (Russian: Пегий пёс, бегущий краем моря, translit. Pegiy pyos, Begushchiy kraem morya) is a 1991 Soviet drama film directed by Karen Gevorkian.	Spotted Dog Running at the Edge of the Sea	Karen Gevorkian
director	Golmaal 3 is a 2010 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Rohit Shetty and the sequel to the 2008 film Golmaal Returns and the third film in the Golmaal series.	Golmaal 3	Rohit Shetty
director	The Tattooed Widow (Swedish: Den tatuerade änkan) is a Swedish Emmy Award winning TV movie from 1998, written and directed by Lars Molin.	The Tattooed Widow	Lars Molin
director	Per amore di Poppea (For the Love of Poppaea) is a 1977 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Mariano Laurenti and set in ancient Rome.	Per amore di Poppea	Mariano Laurenti
director	Varuvan Vadivelan (Tamil: வருவான் வடிவேலன்) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar.	Varuvan Vadivelan	K. Shankar
director	The 1 Second Film began as a student project by Nirvan Mullick in 2001 while at California Institute of the Arts.	The 1 Second Film	Nirvan Mullick
director	Gang of Ghosts is a 2014 Hindi paranormal comedy film, produced by Venus Records & Tapes Pvt Ltd and The Satish Kaushik Entertainment.	Gang of Ghosts	Satish Kaushik
director	To Forget Venice (Italian: Dimenticare Venezia) is a 1979 Italian drama film written and directed by Franco Brusati.	To Forget Venice	Franco Brusati
director	Millionaire Playboy is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Leslie Goodwins from a screenplay by Bert Granet and Charles E. Roberts, based upon Granet's story.	Millionaire Playboy	Leslie Goodwins
director	Hype! (1996) is a documentary directed by Doug Pray about the popularity of grunge rock in the early to mid-1990s United States.	Hype!	Doug Pray
director	Circus Angel (French: Fifi la plume) is a 1965 French fantasy film directed and produced by Albert Lamorisse.	Circus Angel	Albert Lamorisse
director	Comedian Paulus Singing (French: Paulus chantant) was a series of five French short silent films made in 1897 by Georges Méliès, starring the popular café-concert singer Paulus (real name Jean-Paul Habans, 1845--1908).	Comedian Paulus Singing	Georges Méliès
director	Hotel for Strangers (Czech: Hotel pro cizince) is a 1967 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Antonín Máša.	Hotel for Strangers	Antonín Máša
director	Women Are Trouble is a 1936 American crime film directed by Errol Taggart and written by Michael Fessier.	Women Are Trouble	Errol Taggart
director	Hysterical Psycho is a 2009 American horror comedy film written and directed by Dan Fogler.	Hysterical Psycho	Dan Fogler
director	Ezhamathe Varavu (English:Seventh Arrival) is a 2013 Malayalam drama thriller film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan.	Ezhamathe Varavu	Hariharan
director	So ein Millionär hat's schwer is a 1958 Austrian film directed by Géza von Cziffra.	So ein Millionär hat's schwer	Géza von Cziffra
director	When Jews Were Funny is a documentary film by Canadian director Alan Zweig, released in 2013, which explores the role of Jewish comedians in the history of North American comedy and humour from the Borscht belt to the present day.	When Jews Were Funny	Alan Zweig
director	Sankaranum Mohananum (Malayalam: ശങ്കരനും മോഹനനും, English: Sankaran and Mohanan) is a 2011 Malayalam fantasy/comedy/drama film written and directed by T. V. Chandran.	Sankaranum Mohananum	T. V. Chandran
director	Underwater Dreams is a documentary film written, directed, and produced by Mary Mazzio, chronicles the story of how the sons of undocumented Mexican immigrants learned how to build underwater robots, and go up against MIT in the process.	Underwater Dreams	Mary Mazzio
director	Cupid Forecloses is a 1919 silent comedy film starring Bessie Love and Wallace MacDonald, directed by David Smith.	Cupid Forecloses	David Smith
director	Your Uncle Dudley is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Eugene Forde and written by Allen Birkin, Joseph Hoffman and Dore Schary.	Your Uncle Dudley	Eugene Forde
director	Palletooru is a 1952 Telugu film directed by Tatineni Prakash Rao (debut).	Palletooru	Tatineni Prakash Rao
director	Let's Kill Ward's Wife is a 2014 American black comedy film written and directed by Scott Foley.	Let's Kill Ward's Wife	Scott Foley
director	Violence in a Women's Prison (Italian: Violenza da un Carcere Femminile) is a 1982 Italian-French women in prison film directed by Bruno Mattei.	Violence in a Women's Prison	Bruno Mattei
director	Bismarck or Bismarck 1862-1898 is a 1927 Gerrman silent historical film directed by Kurt Blachy and starring Franz Ludwig, Robert Leffler and Erna Morena.	Bismarck 1862-1898	Kurt Blachy
director	Warriors for Freedom (Indonesian: Pedjuang) is a 1960 Indonesian drama film directed by Usmar Ismail.	Warriors for Freedom	Usmar Ismail
director	Preethi Madu Thamashe Nodu (Kannada: ಪ್ರೀತಿ ಮಾಡು ತಮಾಷೆ ನೋಡು) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film, directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by Dwarakish.	Preethi Madu Thamashe Nodu	C. V. Rajendran
director	Shivanaga (Kannada: ಶಿವನಾಗ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by K Sukumar.	Shivanaga	K. S. R. Das
director	State Express is a 1938 Hindi action film directed by Vijay Bhatt for his production company Prakash Pictures.	State Express	Vijay Bhatt
director	Hangman's House is a 1928 romantic drama genre silent film set in Co. Wicklow, Ireland, directed by John Ford (uncredited) with inter-titles written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan.	Hangman's House	John Ford
director	Good Luck! is an Indian film directed by debutant Aditya Datt and produced jointly by Karan Sharma and Jagdish Sharma.	Good Luck!	Aditya Datt
director	Easy Pickings is a 1927 silent film mystery or 'old dark house' story directed by George Archainbaud and starring Anna Q. Nilsson and Kenneth Harlan.	Easy Pickings	George Archainbaud
director	In Search of Anna is a 1979 film directed by Esben Storm.	In Search of Anna	Esben Storm
director	Inn of the Damned is a 1975 Australian horror film, directed by Terry Bourke.	Inn of the Damned	Terry Bourke
director	Lady Hong (Hangul: 미녀홍낭자; RR: Minyeo Hongnangja) is a 1969 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Lady Hong	Kim Ki-young
director	The Summer of Flying Fish (Spanish: El Verano de los Peces Voladores) is a Chilean-French film directed by Marcela Said.	The Summer of Flying Fish	Marcela Said
director	Maneye Manthralaya (Kannada: ಮನೆಯೇ ಮಂತ್ರಾಲಯ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by Anuradha Singh, Dushyanth Singh and Amritha Singh.	Maneye Manthralaya	H. R. Bhargava
director	Warriors' Gate is the only story directed by Paul Joyce.	Warriors' Gate	Paul Joyce
director	They Came by Night is a 1940 British crime film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Will Fyffe, Phyllis Calvert and Anthony Hulme.	They Came by Night	Harry Lachman
director	Shanghai Rhapsody (上海バンスキング, Shanghai bansu kingu) is a 1984 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.	Shanghai Rhapsody	Kinji Fukasaku
director	Stanley Kubrick's Boxes is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jon Ronson about the film director Stanley Kubrick.	Stanley Kubrick's Boxes	Jon Ronson
director	Strange Culture is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Lynn Hershman Leeson.	Strange Culture	Lynn Hershman Leeson
director	Begone Dull Care (1949) is a visual music animated film directed by Norman McLaren and Evelyn Lambart.	Begone Dull Care	Norman McLaren	Evelyn Lambart
director	Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar is a 2010 Turkish comedy film, directed by Ozan Açıktan and written and performed by the BKM theater players based on the group's theatre work and television series Çok Güzel Hareketler Bunlar, which consists of an assortment of sketches illustrating comic predicaments related to the summer holidays.	Çok Filim Hareketler Bunlar	Ozan Açıktan
director	Murappennu is a 1965 Malayalam film written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair, directed by A. Vincent and produced by Shobhana Parameswaran Nair in the banner of Roopavani.	Murappennu	A. Vincent
director	Rat Pack Rat is a 2014 drama short film, written and directed by Todd Rohal.	Rat Pack Rat	Todd Rohal
director	Inez from Hollywood (1924) is a lost silent drama directed by Alfred E. Green.	Inez from Hollywood	Alfred E. Green
director	Everything's Rosie is a 1931 American Pre-Code slapstick comedy film directed by Clyde Bruckman, from a screenplay by Ralph Spence, Tim Whelan, and Al Boasberg, based on a story by Boasberg.	Everything's Rosie	Clyde Bruckman
director	Fire, Ice and Dynamite (German original title Feuer, Eis und Dynamit) is a German feature length sports film directed by Willy Bogner in 1990.	Fire, Ice and Dynamite	Willy Bogner
director	The Do-Deca-Pentathlon is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed brothers Jay Duplass and Mark Duplass.	The Do-Deca-Pentathlon	Jay Duplass	Mark Duplass
director	The Watchmaker (Georgian: Mesaate) is a 2011 Georgian crime film directed by Giorgi Maskharashvili.	The Watchmaker	Giorgi Maskharashvili
director	Searching for Sonny is a 2011 independent film and the feature film debut of writer/director Andrew Disney.	Searching for Sonny	Andrew Disney
director	Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast is a 2014 American computer-animated fantasy film directed by Steve Loter.	Tinker Bell and the Legend of the NeverBeast	Steve Loter
director	All You've Got is a 2006 sport/drama film, which debuted on MTV and is directed by Neema Barnette.	All You've Got	Neema Barnette
director	Monterey Pop is a 1968 concert film by D. A. Pennebaker that documents the Monterey Pop Festival of 1967.	Monterey Pop	D. A. Pennebaker
director	Tjambuk Api (literally Whips of Fire) is a 1958 Indonesian martial arts film directed by D. Djajakusuma and produced by Usmar Ismail.	Tjambuk Api	D. Djajakusuma
director	The Last Fling is a 1987 American romantic comedy television film directed by Corey Allen, written by Mitchel Katlin, and starring John Ritter and Connie Selleca.	The Last Fling	Corey Allen
director	The WAC from Walla Walla is a 1952 American comedy film directed by William Witney and written by Arthur T. Horman.	The WAC from Walla Walla	William Witney
director	Humse Badhkar Kaun is a 1998 Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Anand and produced by .	Humse Badhkar Kaun	Deepak Anand
director	Dolphin Tale is a 2011 American 3D family drama film directed by Charles Martin Smith (his first directed film since 2008) from a screenplay by Karen Janszen and Noam Dromi and a book of the same name.	Dolphin Tale	Charles Martin Smith
director	Brink of Life, (Swedish: Nära livet, and known as So Close to Life in the UK) is a 1958 Swedish drama film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	Brink of Life	Ingmar Bergman
director	Bonani (Assamese: বনানী) is an Assamese language feature film directed by Jahnu Barua.	Bonani	Jahnu Barua
director	The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg is a 1998 documentary film directed, produced and written by Aviva Kempner about Hall of Fame first baseman Hank Greenberg of the Detroit Tigers.	The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg	Aviva Kempner
director	Maximum Shame is a feature-length dystopian movie, written and directed by Carlos Atanes and released in 2010.	Maximum Shame	Carlos Atanes
director	The Dry Land, or American Tragic, is a drama film, directed and written by Ryan Piers Williams.	The Dry Land	Ryan Piers Williams
director	Doosra Aadmi (The Second Man) is a 1977 Hindi film, produced by Yash Chopra and directed by Ramesh Talwar.	Doosra Aadmi	Ramesh Talwar
director	The Power of Kangwon Province (강원도의 힘, Gangwon-do ui him) is the second film by critically acclaimed South Korean director Hong Sang-soo.	The Power of Kangwon Province	Hong Sang-soo
director	Ab Ayega Mazaa is a 1984 Hindi Indian feature film directed by Pankaj Parashar and produced by actors Alok Nath and Girija Shankar.	Ab Ayega Mazaa	Pankaj Parashar
director	Crooks and Coronets is a 1969 British crime comedy film and/or heist movie written and directed by Jim O'Connolly.	Crooks and Coronets	Jim O'Connolly
director	They Were There (also known as IBM Centennial Film: They Were There - People who changed the way the world works) is a 2011 documentary short film directed by Oscar winner Errol Morris, a centennial film about the company IBM.	They Were There	Errol Morris
director	Some Mother's Son is a 1996 film written and directed by Irish filmmaker Terry George, co-written by Jim Sheridan, and based on the true story of the 1981 hunger strike in the Maze Prison, in Northern Ireland.	Some Mother's Son	Terry George
director	Alex of Venice is a 2014 drama film directed by Chris Messina in his directorial debut.	Alex of Venice	Chris Messina
director	Ain't That Ducky is a 1945 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng, and starring Daffy Duck.	Ain't That Ducky	Friz Freleng
director	Remember the Titans is a 2000 American sports drama film produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Boaz Yakin.	Remember the Titans	Boaz Yakin
director	Dedicatoria is a 1980 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Chávarri.	Dedicatoria	Jaime Chávarri
director	I Sell the Dead is a 2008 horror comedy, the feature film debut from Irish director Glenn McQuaid.	I Sell the Dead	Glenn McQuaid
director	With Stanley in Africa is a 1922 American adventure film serial directed by William James Craft and Edward A. Kull and released by Universal Film Mfg. Co. This serial is considered to be a lost film.	With Stanley in Africa	William James Craft	Edward A. Kull
director	Nell's Eugenic Wedding is a lost 1914 silent comedy of one reel directed by Edward Dillon.	Nell's Eugenic Wedding	Edward Dillon
director	The Dante Quartet is an experimental short film by Stan Brakhage, completed in 1987.	The Dante Quartet	Stan Brakhage
director	My Favorite Year is a 1982 American comedy film written by Dennis Palumbo and Norman Steinberg, and directed by Richard Benjamin, which tells the story of a young comedy writer.	My Favorite Year	Richard Benjamin
director	Serpentinen Tanz (also known as Serpentine Tanz) is an 1895 German short black-and-white silent documentary film, directed and produced by Max Skladanowsky, one of the German-born brothers responsible for inventing the bioskop.	Serpentinen Tanz	Max Skladanowsky
director	Scandal at the Fledermaus (German:Skandal um die Fledermaus) is a 1936 German comedy film directed by Herbert Selpin and starring Viktor de Kowa, Maria Andergast and Adele Sandrock.	Scandal at the Fledermaus	Herbert Selpin
director	Proceso a la infamia aka Los Años Infames is a 1974 Argentine film directed by Alejandro Doria.	Proceso a la infamia	Alejandro Doria
director	Desperate But Not Serious is a 1999 movie directed by Bill Fishman.	Desperate But Not Serious	Bill Fishman
director	Can't Take This Shit Anymore is a 2014 Indian documentary film by Vinod Kapri.	Can't Take This Shit Anymore	Vinod Kapri
director	To Die in Madrid (French: Mourir à Madrid) is a 1963 French documentary film about the Spanish Civil War, directed by Frédéric Rossif.	To Die in Madrid	Frédéric Rossif
director	Vampires of Warsaw (Polish:Wampiry Warszawy) is a 1925 Polish silent crime film directed by Wiktor Biegański and starring Oktawian Kaczanowski, Halina Labedzka and Maria Balcerkiewiczówna.	Vampires of Warsaw	Wiktor Biegański
director	The Vagabond Trail is a 1924 American silent film western directed by William A. Wellman and produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation.	The Vagabond Trail	William A. Wellman
director	La colt era il suo Dio (internationally released as God Is My Colt .45) is a 1972 Italian spaghetti western directed by Luigi Batzella.	God Is My Colt .45	Luigi Batzella
director	Mr. Average (French: Comme tout le monde) is a 2006 Belgian comedy film directed by Pierre-Paul Renders.	Mr. Average	Pierre-Paul Renders
director	Peigal Jaakkirathai (English: Beware of ghosts!) is an Indian Tamil horror comedy film, written and directed by Kanmani.	Peigal Jaakkirathai	Kanmani
director	The Gentleman from Indiana is a 1915 American drama silent film directed by Frank Lloyd and written by Julia Crawford Ivers, Frank Lloyd and Booth Tarkington.	The Gentleman from Indiana	Frank Lloyd
director	The Real Howard Spitz is a 1998 family comedy film directed by Vadim Jean, produced by Paul Brooks and written by Jurgen Wolff.	The Real Howard Spitz	Vadim Jean
director	Bajimaat (Bengali: বাজিমাত) is a 2008 Bengali film directed by Haranath Chakraborty.	Bajimaat	Haranath Chakraborty
director	The God Must Be Crazy is a 2015 philosophical, psychological thriller directed by V. Jayashankarr, and stars Vinod Varma, Shashank Mouli.	The God Must Be Crazy	V. Jayashankarr
director	Red Ribbon Blues is a 1996 comedy-drama with classic heist/caper elements and written and directed by Charles Winkler.	Red Ribbon Blues	Charles Winkler
director	14 Women is a 2007 documentary film that was directed by Mary Lambert and narrated by Annette Bening.	14 Women	Mary Lambert
director	Neurosia: 50 Years of Perversity (German: Neurosia - 50 Jahre pervers ) is a 1992 German film directed by Rosa von Praunheim.	Neurosia: 50 Years of Perversity	Rosa von Praunheim
director	Andaman Kadhali (Tamil: அந்தமான் காதலி) is a 1978 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by V. Ramasamy.	Andaman Kadhali	Muktha Srinivasan
director	The Local Bad Man is a 1932 Pre-Code Western American film directed by Otto Brower.	The Local Bad Man	Otto Brower
director	Egire Paavurama is a 1997 Telugu film directed S. V. Krishna Reddy.	Egire Paavurama	S. V. Krishna Reddy
director	Third Person Singular Number is a 2009 Bangladeshi drama film directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and written jointly by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki and Anisul Hoque.	Third Person Singular Number	Mostofa Sarwar Farooki
director	Kaash (English: If Only) is an Indian Bollywood domestic drama film directed by Mahesh Bhatt, released on 4 September 1987.	Kaash	Mahesh Bhatt
director	My Neighbor, My Killer (French: Mon voisin, mon tueur) is a 2009 French-American documentary film directed by Anne Aghion that focuses on the process of the Gacaca courts, a citizen-based justice system that was put into place in Rwanda after the 1994 genocide.	My Neighbor, My Killer	Anne Aghion
director	My Reputation is a 1946 wartime love story, directed by Curtis Bernhardt.	My Reputation	Curtis Bernhardt
director	Across the Sea of Time is a 1995 family adventure film written by Andrew Gellis and directed by Stephen Low.	Across the Sea of Time	Stephen Low
director	The Latest from Paris is a 1928 American drama silent film directed by Sam Wood and written by Joseph Farnham and A. P. Younger.	The Latest from Paris	Sam Wood
director	Ojuju is a 2014 Nigerian zombie thriller film, written and directed by C.J. Obasi.	Ojuju	C.J. Obasi
director	Un aliado en el tiempo (An ally in time) is a short film (21 minutes) written and directed by Miguel A. Reina.	Un aliado en el tiempo	Miguel A. Reina
director	Married to It is a 1991 film directed by Arthur Hiller about three New York City couples with disparate careers, ages, and lifestyles who nonetheless bond through their mutual connection to a local private school.	Married to It	Arthur Hiller
director	Las Apariencias engañan (Appearances can be deceiving in English) is a 1958 Argentinean romantic comedy film directed by Carlos Rinaldi and written by Carlos A. Petit, based on the novel by Rafael Maluenda.	Las Apariencias engañan	Carlos Rinaldi
director	From a Whisper is a Kenyan drama film written and directed by African Movie Academy Award winner Wanuri Kahiu.	From a Whisper	Wanuri Kahiu
director	A Jolly Bad Fellow is a 1964 British film directed by Don Chaffey.	A Jolly Bad Fellow	Don Chaffey
director	Due mafiosi contro Al Capone (Spanish: Dos contra Al Capone, literally ``Two Mafiamen against Al Capone'') is a 1966 Italian-Spanish gangster-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	Due mafiosi contro Al Capone	Giorgio Simonelli
director	Obvious Child is a 2014 American romantic comedy film written and directed by Gillian Robespierre in her directorial debut.	Obvious Child	Gillian Robespierre
director	Lawyer Lawyer (Cantonese 算死草, Jyutping syun3 sei2 cou2, literally ``compute death weed'') is a 1997 Hong Kong comedy film produced, directed and co-written by Joe Ma.	Lawyer Lawyer	Joe Ma
director	Chinese Midnight Express is a 1997 Hong Kong crime drama film directed by Billy Tang.	Chinese Midnight Express	Billy Tang
director	Undressing Extraordinary (AKA: The Troubles of a Tired Traveller) is a 1901 British short silent comedy film, directed by Walter R. Booth, featuring a tired traveller struggling to undress for bed.	Undressing Extraordinary	Walter R. Booth
director	The Heart of Maryland (1927) is a silent film costume Vitaphone drama produced and distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Lloyd Bacon.	The Heart of Maryland	Lloyd Bacon
director	He Who Loves in a Glass House (German: Wer im Glashaus liebt... der Graben) is a 1971 West German film directed by Michael Verhoeven.	He Who Loves in a Glass House	Michael Verhoeven
director	The Butterfly Effect 2 is a 2006 American science fiction psychological thriller film directed by John R. Leonetti.	The Butterfly Effect 2	John R. Leonetti
director	The Last Pogo is a short film made by Colin Brunton in 1978.	The Last Pogo	Colin Brunton
director	Panik i familien is a 1945 Danish film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Alice O'Fredericks.	Panik i familien	Lau Lauritzen	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Perils of the Rail is a 1925 silent film action film directed by J. P. McGowan and starring Helen Holmes.	Perils of the Rail	J. P. McGowan
director	Parade of the Reservists (Parada rezerwistów) is a 1934 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.	Parade of the Reservists	Michał Waszyński
director	I-San Special (Thai: คืนพระจันทร์เต็มดวง , or Kuen pra chan tem doueng, literally Night of the Full Moon) is a 2002 Thai experimental independent drama film directed by Mingmongkol Sonakul and based on an idea by Apichatpong Weerasethakul.	I-San Special	Mingmongkol Sonakul
director	Narasinha Avatar (The Incarnation of Narsinha) is a 1949 Hindi mythological film produced and directed by Sohrab Modi.	Narasinha Avatar	Sohrab Modi
director	All Is Possible in Granada (Spanish: Todo es posible en Granada) is a 1954 Spanish comedy film directed by José Luis Sáenz de Heredia.	All Is Possible in Granada	José Luis Sáenz de Heredia
director	Three Bluejackets and a Blonde (German:Drei blaue Jungs, ein blondes Mädel) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Charlotte Ander, Heinz Rühmann and Friedrich Benfer.	Three Bluejackets and a Blonde	Carl Boese
director	Yobi, the Five Tailed Fox (Korean: 천년여우 여우비) is a 2007 animated Korean film by Lee Sung-gang, the director of My Beautiful Girl, Mari.	Yobi, the Five Tailed Fox	Lee Sung-gang
director	Young People Fucking, also called Y.P.F., is a 2007 Canadian comedy directed, written, and produced by Martin Gero and Aaron Abrams.	Young People Fucking	Martin Gero
director	Ghoshayaathra is a 1993 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by G. S. Vijayan for Sreelakshmi Creations starring Saikumar in lead role, supported by Devan, Parvathy and Thilakan playing other important roles.	Ghoshayaathra	G. S. Vijayan
director	Cover Girl Killer is a 1959 British thriller film directed by Terry Bishop and starring Harry H. Corbett, Felicity Young, Victor Brooks and Spencer Teakle.	Cover Girl Killer	Terry Bishop
director	Women Who Fall by the Wayside (German:Frauen, die vom Weg abirren) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Ellen Kürti, Olaf Fjord and Carl Walther Meyer.	Women Who Fall by the Wayside	Géza von Bolváry
director	Tokyo Olympiad (東京オリンピック Tōkyō Orinpikku) is a 1965 documentary film directed by Kon Ichikawa which documents the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.	Tokyo Olympiad	Kon Ichikawa
director	Women You Rarely Greet (German:Frauen, die man oft nicht grüßt) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Frederic Zelnik and starring Lya Mara, Alphons Fryland and Leo Connard.	Women You Rarely Greet	Frederic Zelnik
director	Come Along, Do! is an 1898 British short silent comedy film, produced and directed by Robert W. Paul.	Come Along, Do!	Robert W. Paul
director	War Live (Serbian: Рат уживо, translit. Rat uživo) is a 2000 Yugoslavian film directed by Darko Bajić.	War Live	Darko Bajić
director	Leghorn Swoggled is a 1950 Foghorn Leghorn cartoon, directed by Robert McKimson and released by Warner Bros. in 1951.	Leghorn Swoggled	Robert McKimson
director	Tabarana Kathe (Kannada: ತಬರನ ಕಥೆ, English: Tabara's Tale) is a 1987 Indian Kannada language film released directed by Girish Kasaravalli.	Tabarana Kathe	Girish Kasaravalli
director	Ivan Megharoopan (Malayalam: ഇവൻ മേഘരൂപൻ) is a 2012 Malayalam biographical film written and directed by P. Balachandran.	Ivan Megharoopan	P. Balachandran
director	Lupo! is a 1970 film directed by Menahem Golan.	Lupo!	Menahem Golan
director	Daari Tappida Maga (Kannada: ದಾರಿ ತಪ್ಪಿದ ಮಗ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film produced and directed by Peketi Sivaram.	Daari Tappida Maga	Peketi Sivaram
director	His Trust Fulfilled is a 1911 American drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	His Trust Fulfilled	D. W. Griffith
director	Mone Pore Tomake is a Bangladeshi romantic film starring Riaz and Riya Sen directed by Montazur Rahman Akbar.	Mone Pore Tomake	Montazur Rahman Akbar
director	The Midnight Drives is a 2007 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Mark Jenkin and revolves around a divorcee who takes his bored children on a series of mystical, dream-like excursions through the Cornish country-side after initially failing to connect with them.	The Midnight Drives	Mark Jenkin
director	Haunted People (German:Gehetzte Menschen) is a 1932 German-Czech film directed by Friedrich Feher and starring Magda Sonja, Hans Feher and Eugen Klöpfer.	Haunted People	Friedrich Feher
director	Letters from Three Lovers is a 1973 made-for-television drama film directed by John Erman.	Letters from Three Lovers	John Erman
director	Shon the Piper is a 1913 American silent short historical romantic drama film directed by Otis Turner and starring Robert Z. Leonard.	Shon the Piper	Otis Turner
director	Sound of the Sea (Spanish: Son de Mar) is a 2001 Spanish drama / erotic film directed by Juan José Bigas Luna based on the novel of the same title by Manuel Vicent.	Sound of the Sea	Bigas Luna
director	Bellas de noche (in English Beauties by the Night), also known as Las ficheras, is a Mexican film directed by Miguel M. Delgado.	Bellas de noche	Miguel M. Delgado
director	Shadows of Memory is a 2000 documentary by Claudia von Alemann that describes the rise and fall of Hitler from the perspective of a Nazi supporter--	Shadows of Memory	Claudia von Alemann
director	Kaathavaraayan (Tamil: காத்தவராயன்) is a Tamil language Mythology film directed by T. R. Ramanna.	Kaathavaraayan	T. R. Ramanna
director	Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje(Hindi: झनक झनक पायल बाजे) is a 1955 Bollywood film directed by V. Shantaram.	Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje	V. Shantaram
director	On the Point of Death (Italian: In punto di morte) is a 1971 Italian drama film directed by Mario Garriba.	On the Point of Death	Mario Garriba
director	Hitler from Our Street (Hitler iz našeg sokaka) is a Yugoslav film directed by Vladimir Tadej.	Hitler from Our Street	Vladimir Tadej
director	Nazi Agent is a 1942 American spy film directed by Jules Dassin.	Nazi Agent	Jules Dassin
director	Avan Aval Adhu (Tamil: அவன் அவள் அது) is a 1980 Indian Tamil film, directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by S. Sundar.	Avan Aval Adhu	Muktha Srinivasan
director	Arizona Stage Coach is a 1942 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the series of western Range Busters films.	Arizona Stage Coach	S. Roy Luby
director	A Few Days Later (Chand Rooz Ba'd) is a 2006 Iranian motion picture by Niki Karimi.	A Few Days Later	Niki Karimi
director	Mrs. Matthews, Dressmaker is a 1912 American drama film directed by Francis J. Grandon and starring Margarita Fischer in the title role.	Mrs. Matthews, Dressmaker	Francis J. Grandon
director	Adorable Julia (German: Julia, Du bist zauberhaft) is a 1962 Austrian comedy film directed by Alfred Weidenmann.	Adorable Julia	Alfred Weidenmann
director	Janma Janmada Anubandha (Kannada: ಜನ್ಮ ಜನ್ಮದ ಅನುಬಂಧ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada Thriller - drama film directed, co-produced and scripted by Shankar Nag.	Janma Janmada Anubandha	Shankar Nag
director	Up for Murder is a 1931 American drama film written and directed by Monta Bell.	Up for Murder	Monta Bell
director	Krishna Tere Desh Main is a 2000 film produced and directed by Shiv Kumar.	Krishna Tere Desh Main	Shiv Kumar
director	Au plus près du Soleil is a 2015 French drama film film directed by Yves Angelo and co-written by Angelo, François Dupeyron and Gilles Legrand.	Au plus près du Soleil	Yves Angelo
director	Indhu is a 1994 Tamil language film directed by Pavithran and produced by N. A. Sudhakar and K. P. Unnikrishnan.	Indhu	Pavithran
director	Ekspedisi Madewa (Madewa's Expedition) is a 2006 Indonesian adventure film directed by Franklin Darmadi	Ekspedisi Madewa	Franklin Darmadi
director	Somewhere in Civvies is a 1943 British comedy film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Frank Randle, George Doonan and Suzette Tarri.	Somewhere in Civvies	Maclean Rogers
director	Some Will, Some Won't is a 1970 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood.	Some Will, Some Won't	Duncan Wood
director	Deadly Messages is a 1985 made-for-TV thriller film directed by Jack Bender.	Deadly Messages	Jack Bender
director	L'anatra all'arancia (internationally released as Duck in Orange Sauce) is a 1975 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce.	Duck in Orange Sauce	Luciano Salce
director	Teenage Father is a 1978 American short film directed by Taylor Hackford.	Teenage Father	Taylor Hackford
director	Cry for Me, Billy is a 1972 American film directed by William A. Graham.	Cry for Me, Billy	William A. Graham
director	That Lady is a 1955 film directed by Terence Young.	That Lady	Terence Young
director	Ma che musica maestro is a 1971 Italian musicarello film directed by Mariano Laurenti.	Ma che musica maestro	Mariano Laurenti
director	The Harimaya Bridge is a 2009 film written and directed by American filmmaker Aaron Woolfolk.	The Harimaya Bridge	Aaron Woolfolk
director	Wives Never Know is a 1936 American black-and-white comedy film directed by Elliott Nugent.	Wives Never Know	Elliott Nugent
director	, Bheema Theeradalli,(Kannada: ಭೀಮ ತೀರದಲ್ಲಿ) is a 2012 Kannada biopic action film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced-shot by cinematographer Anaji Nagaraj.	Bheema Theeradalli	Om Prakash Rao
director	The Man Beneath is a 1919 American silent crime drama film directed by William Worthington and produced by Sessue Hayakawa's Haworth Pictures Corporation.	The Man Beneath	William Worthington
director	Land and Shade (Spanish: La tierra y la sombra) is a 2015 Colombian drama film written and directed by César Augusto Acevedo and produced by the production company Burning Blue.	Land and Shade	César Augusto Acevedo
director	Kill Me Tomorrow is a 1957 British crime film directed by Terence Fisher.	Kill Me Tomorrow	Terence Fisher
director	Crossing Hennessy (traditional Chinese: 月滿軒尼詩; simplified Chinese: 月满轩尼诗; pinyin: yuè mǎn xuānníshī) is a 2010 Hong Kong film directed by Ivy Ho.	Crossing Hennessy	Ivy Ho
director	Veendum Prabhatham is a 1973 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Bhaskaran and produced by MP Rao and MRK Moorthy.	Veendum Prabhatham	P. Bhaskaran
director	Leftenan Adnan is a 2000 Malaysian war film directed by Aziz M. Osman and produced by the Malaysian Army and Grand Brilliance Sdn Bhd.	Leftenan Adnan	Aziz M. Osman
director	If the Sun Rises in the West (Hangul: 해가 서쪽에서 뜬다면; RR: Haega seojjog-eseo tteundamyeon) is a 1998 South Korean film, and was the commercial directorial debut of Lee Eun.	If the Sun Rises in the West	Lee Eun
director	A Tokyo Siren is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Norman Dawn and featured Tsuru Aoki, Jack Livingstone, Goro Kino, Toyo Fujita and Arthur Jasmine in prominent roles.	A Tokyo Siren	Norman Dawn
director	Jigri Dost (English: Best Friends) is a 1969 Indian Comedy film produced by Sunderlal Nahata, Dhoondy on Vijay Laxmi Pictures banner and directed by Ravikant Nagaich.	Jigri Dost	Ravikant Nagaich
director	Pasumpon is a 1995 Indian Tamil drama film, directed by P. Bharathiraja, starring Prabhu, Sivaji Ganesan, Sivakumar, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Saranya Ponvannan in lead roles.	Pasumpon	P. Bharathiraja
director	The Red Awn (simplified Chinese: 红色康拜因; traditional Chinese: 紅色康拜因; pinyin: Hóngsè kāngbàiyīn; literally: ``The Red Combine'') is a 2007 Chinese film directed Cai Shangjun.	The Red Awn	Cai Shangjun
director	Chantrapas (Georgian: შანტრაპა) is a 2010 Georgian drama film written and directed by Otar Iosseliani.	Chantrapas	Otar Iosseliani
director	Legend of the Mountain (Chinese: 山中传奇) is a 1979 Taiwan fantasy, horror, mystery film directed by King Hu.	Legend of the Mountain	King Hu
director	Mar Mitenge is a 1988 Hindi-language Indian Action film, produced by Pradeep Sharma on TUTU Films banner, directed by Kawal Sharma.	Mar Mitenge	Kawal Sharma
director	Erattai Manithan (Tamil: இரட்டை மனிதன்) is a 1981 Indian Tamil film, directed by K. Shankar and produced by S. Aadhilakshmi.	Erattai Manithan	K. Shankar
director	The Stalking of Laurie Show (also known by the title Rivals outside of the United States) is a 2000 made-for-TV movie that was directed by Norma Bailey.	The Stalking of Laurie Show	Norma Bailey
director	Assigned to Danger is a 1948 American crime film noir directed by Budd Boetticher.	Assigned to Danger	Budd Boetticher
director	Soft Shell Man (Un crabe dans la tête in French) is a Québécois film, directed by André Turpin released in 2001.	Soft Shell Man	André Turpin
director	The People I've Slept With is a 2009 American sex comedy film directed by Quentin Lee.	The People I've Slept With	Quentin Lee
director	The Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin is a 1967 American Western comedy film directed by James Neilson.	The Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin	James Neilson
director	Ettupatti Rasa (English: King of eight villages) is a 1997 Tamil drama film directed by Kasthuri Raja.	Ettupatti Rasa	Kasthuri Raja
director	Mort, où est ta victoire? is a 1964 French film, directed by Hervé Bromberger.	Mort, où est ta victoire?	Hervé Bromberger
director	But the Flesh Is Weak is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Jack Conway and written by Ivor Novello.	But the Flesh Is Weak	Jack Conway
director	Arizona Colt Returns (Italian: Arizona si scatenò... e li fece fuori tutti, also known as Arizona Lets Fly and Kill Everybody and If You Gotta Shoot Someone... Bang! Bang!) is a 1970 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Martino.	Arizona Colt Returns	Sergio Martino
director	Jerry and Tom is a 1998 American black comedy film directed by Saul Rubinek in his directorial debut.	Jerry and Tom	Saul Rubinek
director	Kismet Ka Khel (Fate's Game) is a 1956 Hindi social crime drama film, produced and directed by Kishore Sahu.	Kismet Ka Khel	Kishore Sahu
director	Lost in the Suburbs (Czech: Návrat domů) is a 1948 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Martin Frič.	Lost in the Suburbs	Martin Frič
director	The Honorable Friend is a 1916 American drama silent film directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Elizabeth McGaffey and Eve Unsell.	The Honorable Friend	Edward LeSaint
director	A Fighting Colleen is a 1919 silent comedy drama film directed by David Smith.	A Fighting Colleen	David Smith
director	Pathiye Daiva (Kannada: ಪತಿಯೇ ದೈವ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by R. Nagendra Rao.	Pathiye Daiva	R. Nagendra Rao
director	The Lass from the Stormy Croft (Swedish: Tösen från Stormyrtorpet) is a 1917 Swedish drama film directed by Victor Sjöström, based on the 1908 novella with the same title by Selma Lagerlöf.	The Lass from the Stormy Croft	Victor Sjöström
director	Bomma Borusa (Telugu: బొమ్మా బొరుసా) (English title Heads or Tails?) is a 1971 Indian Telugu language Comedy / Drama film directed by Padma Shri awardee K. Balachander.	Bomma Borusa	K. Balachander
director	A Corner in Cotton was directed by Fred J. Balshofer, with the assistants of Howard Truesdell and adapted for film by Charles A. Taylor from a story by Anita Loos.	A Corner in Cotton	Fred J. Balshofer
director	What the Daisy Said is a one-reel film (about 12 minutes) made by D. W. Griffith for Biograph in 1910.	What the Daisy Said	D. W. Griffith
director	Tarzana, the Wild Girl (Italian: Tarzana, sesso selvaggio) is a 1969 Italian adventure film written and directed by Guido Malatesta.	Tarzana, the Wild Girl	Guido Malatesta
director	Samarpane (Kannada: ಸಮರ್ಪಣೆ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by P Krishnaraj.	Samarpane	H. R. Bhargava
director	A Penny's History (Hungarian: Egy krajcár története) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz.	A Penny's History	Michael Curtiz
director	Good Night, Elmer is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short released by Warner Bros. on October 26, 1940, directed by Chuck Jones, animated by Philip Monroe and written by Rich Hogan.	Good Night, Elmer	Chuck Jones
director	Cat City (Hungarian: Macskafogó (Cat Catcher)) is a 1986 Hungarian animated film, directed by Béla Ternovszky and written by József Nepp.	Cat City	Béla Ternovszky
director	Bye Bye Miss Goodnight is the 2005 feature film debut of writer-director Karan Kandhari.	Bye Bye Miss Goodnight	Karan Kandhari
director	A Golden Boy (Italian: Un ragazzo d'oro) is a 2014 Italian comedy-drama film written and directed by Pupi Avati.	A Golden Boy	Pupi Avati
director	Street of No Return is a 1989 crime film directed by Samuel Fuller.	Street of No Return	Samuel Fuller
director	Voyage to the Edge of the World (French: Voyage au bout du monde) is a 1976 French nature documentary film directed by Jacques-Yves Cousteau, his son Philippe Cousteau and Marshall Flaum.	Voyage to the Edge of the World	Philippe Cousteau	Marshall Flaum
director	Vishnulokam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Kamal and produced by Sanal Kumar and G Suresh Kumar.	Vishnulokam	Kamal
director	Bikini Royale is a 2008 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray under the pseudonym name Nicholas Juan Medina).	Bikini Royale	Fred Olen Ray
director	Blood Beach is a 1981 horror B movie written and directed by Jeffrey Bloom.	Blood Beach	Jeffrey Bloom
director	Adaminte Makan Abu (Abu, Son of Adam) is a 2011 Indian drama film written, directed and co-produced by Salim Ahamed; it is his debut.	Adaminte Makan Abu	Salim Ahamed
director	One 2 Ka 4 (Hindi: वन टू का फ़ोर, English: One times 2 is 4) is an Indian action crime drama film directed by Shashilal K. Nair.	One 2 Ka 4	Shashilal K. Nair
director	Itty Bitty Titty Committee is a feminist, lesbian-related comedy film directed by Jamie Babbit.	Itty Bitty Titty Committee	Jamie Babbit
director	Ciguli Miguli is a 1952 Yugoslav political satire film directed by Branko Marjanović and written by Joža Horvat.	Ciguli Miguli	Branko Marjanović
director	Okka Magaadu (English: One Man) is a 2008 Telugu, patriotic film produced & directed by YVS Chowdary on his Bommarillu banner.	Okka Magaadu	YVS Chowdary
director	Playing with Souls is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Ralph Ince and starring Jacqueline Logan, Mary Astor and Clive Brook.	Playing with Souls	Ralph Ince
director	Premada Putri (Kannada: ಪ್ರೇಮದ ಪುತ್ರಿ) is a 1957 Indian Kannada language film directed, produced and enacted by R. Nagendra Rao.	Premada Putri	R. Nagendra Rao
director	Janmadata (Bengali: জন্মদাতা) (2008) is a Bengali film directed by Swapan Saha.	Janmadata	Swapan Saha
director	Freighters of Destiny is a 1931 American Pre-Code Western produced and directed by American film editor Fred Allen, from a screenplay by Adele Buffington.	Freighters of Destiny	Fred Allen
director	Rabin, the Last Day is a 2015 Israeli-French docudrama political thriller film directed by Amos Gitai.	Rabin, the Last Day	Amos Gitai
director	The Plot Against Harry is a 1989 American comedy film directed by Michael Roemer and filmed in 1969.	The Plot Against Harry	Michael Roemer
director	The Last of the Blonde Bombshells is a 2000 British-American television film directed by Gillies MacKinnon.	The Last of the Blonde Bombshells	Gillies MacKinnon
director	Dog's Heads (Czech: Psohlavci) is a 1955 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič, based on the novel of the same name by Alois Jirásek.	Dog's Heads	Martin Frič
director	His Young Wife (Italian: Le miserie del signor Travet) is a 1945 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Soldati.	His Young Wife	Mario Soldati
director	A Handful of Time (En håndfull tid) is a Norwegian film from 1989, directed by Martin Asphaug.	A Handful of Time	Martin Asphaug
director	The Honkers is a 1972 American comedy film directed by Steve Ihnat and written by Steve Ihnat and Stephen Lodge.	The Honkers	Steve Ihnat
director	Under a Shadow is a 1915 American silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	Under a Shadow	Joe De Grasse
director	Jolly LLB is a 2013 Indian Hindi courtroom comedy drama film, written and directed by Subhash Kapoor.	Jolly LLB	Subhash Kapoor
director	The Red Sneakers is a 2002 American made for television fantasy film produced and directed by Gregory Hines.	The Red Sneakers	Gregory Hines
director	The Arsonist (Malay: Kaki bakar) is a 1995 Malaysian drama film directed by U-Wei Haji Saari.	The Arsonist	U-Wei Haji Saari
director	Sudhu Ekbar Bolo is a 1999 Bengali film directed by Prabhat Roy and produced by Dr. G. Ramanaidu.	Sudhu Ekbar Bolo	Prabhat Roy
director	Die, Monster, Die! (British title: Monster of Terror) is a 1965 horror film directed by Daniel Haller.	Die, Monster, Die!	Daniel Haller
director	Treasure Buddies is a 2012 Disney direct-to-DVD family film, directed by Robert Vince and produced by Anna McRoberts.	Treasure Buddies	Robert Vince
director	Monsieur N. is a 2003 British-French movie directed by Antoine de Caunes.	Monsieur N.	Antoine de Caunes
director	Operation Jackpot Nalli C.I.D 999 is a 1969 Indian Kannada spy thriller directed and produced by B. Dorairaj and S.K Bhagavan.	Operation Jackpot Nalli C.I.D 999	S.K Bhagavan
director	Kill Me Quick, I'm Cold (Italian: Fai in fretta ad uccidermi... ho freddo!) is a 1967 Italian crime-comedy film written and directed by Francesco Maselli.	Kill Me Quick, I'm Cold	Francesco Maselli
director	Murder by Invitation is a 1941 American murder mystery film directed by Phil Rosen.	Murder by Invitation	Phil Rosen
director	Bhikharan (Beggar-Maid) also called Song of Life, is a 1935 Hindi melodrama film directed by Premankur Atorthy.	Bhikharan	Premankur Atorthy
director	Pioneer Marshal is a 1949 American Western film directed by Philip Ford and written by Robert Creighton Williams.	Pioneer Marshal	Philip Ford
director	Granny Had No Worries (Polish: Nie miała baba kłopotu) is a 1935 Polish comedy film directed by Aleksander Ford and Michał Waszyński.	Granny Had No Worries	Aleksander Ford	Michał Waszyński
director	Bade Sarkar (Big Boss) is a 1957 Hindi romantic action drama film, directed by Kishore Sahu.	Bade Sarkar	Kishore Sahu
director	Lease Wife (Chinese: 租期; pinyin: Zū Qī) is a 2006 drama film directed by Lu Xuechang, and is the story of a man who pays a prostitute to pretend to be his wife when he goes back to his village to visit his family.	Lease Wife	Lu Xuechang
director	Le chat dans le sac (English: The Cat in the Bag) is a 1964 drama film by Gilles Groulx, which played a seminal role in the development of Quebec cinema.	Le chat dans le sac	Gilles Groulx
director	Manjadikuru (Malayalam: മഞ്ചാടിക്കുരു, English: Lucky Red Seeds) is a Malayalam film (theatrical release: 2012) written and directed by Anjali Menon.	Manjadikuru	Anjali Menon
director	A Trip (Slovene: Izlet) is a 2011 Slovenian drama film directed by Nejc Gazvoda.	A Trip	Nejc Gazvoda
director	Natale col Boss (``Christmas with the Boss'') is a 2015 Italian criminal comedy film written and directed by Volfango De Biasi.	Natale col Boss	Volfango De Biasi
director	Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends (2013) is a Bengali language film directed by Mainak Bhaumik.	Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends	Mainak Bhaumik
director	Jhankaar Beats (Hindi: झंकार बीट्स) is a 2003 Bollywood musical comedy film directed by Sujoy Ghosh and released by Pritish Nandy Communications.	Jhankaar Beats	Sujoy Ghosh
director	Nammal (English: We) is a 2002 Malayalam romantic comedy drama film directed by notable director Kamal and produced by David Kachapalli.	Nammal	Kamal
director	The Devil-Ship Pirates is a 1964 British-made pirate adventure film directed by Don Sharp.	The Devil-Ship Pirates	Don Sharp
director	Ladder 49 is a 2004 American drama film, directed by Jay Russell, about the heroics of fictional Baltimore firefighter Jack Morrison, who is trapped inside a warehouse fire, and his recollection of the events that got him to that point.	Ladder 49	Jay Russell
director	Like Minds is a feature film, written and directed by Gregory J. Read.	Like Minds	Gregory J. Read
director	Gigolette is a 1935 American romance film directed by Charles Lamont from a screenplay and story by Gordon Kahn.	Gigolette	Charles Lamont
director	Miss You Already is a 2015 British romantic comedy-drama film directed by Catherine Hardwicke and written by Morwenna Banks.	Miss You Already	Catherine Hardwicke
director	King of the Sierras is a 1938 American western directed by Samuel Diege and Arthur Rosson and distributed by Grand National Pictures.	King of the Sierras	Arthur Rosson
director	What's His Name is a 1914 American comedy-drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille.	What's His Name	Cecil B. DeMille
director	Fatal Vacation (安樂戰場) is a 1989 Hong Kong action thriller film written by Nam Yin and directed by and starring Eric Tsang.	Fatal Vacation	Eric Tsang
director	Mohini 9886788888 (Kannada: ಮೋಹಿನಿ ೯೮೮೬೭೮೮೮೮೮) is a 2006 Indian Kannada horror - drama film directed, co-produced and written by Rajendra Singh Babu.	Mohini 9886788888	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	Anokha Bandhan (English: Strange Relation) is a 1982 Bollywood, drama film produced by Ratan Irani on Shree Jagdamba Movies banner, directed by Mehul Kumar.	Anokha Bandhan	Mehul Kumar
director	Anita Needs Me is a 1963 short film directed by George Kuchar and starring Maulis Pearson as Anita.	Anita Needs Me	George Kuchar
director	Neela Parbat (Urdu: نیلا پربت‎) is a 1969 Pakistani Urdu film directed by Ahmad Bashir.	Neela Parbat	Ahmad Bashir
director	The Cheerful Squadron (Italian: L'allegro squadrone, French: Les gaietés de l'escadron) is a 1954 Italian-French war-comedy film directed by Paolo Moffa.	The Cheerful Squadron	Paolo Moffa
director	Don't Cry, Peter (Slovene: ''Ne joči, Peter''), also known as Nicht Weinen Peter, is a 1964 Slovene comedy war adventure film directed by France Štiglic.	Don't Cry, Peter	France Štiglic
director	La hantise (English: The Obsession) is a 1912 short silent film directed by Louis Feuillade.	La hantise	Louis Feuillade
director	Kaksparsh is a 2012 Indian Marathi period drama film directed by Mahesh Manjrekar and produced by Aniruddha Deshpande and Medha Manjrekar.	Kaksparsh	Mahesh Manjrekar
director	Il sergente Rompiglioni (``Sergeant Rompiglioni'') is a 1973 Italian comedy film directed by Giuliano Biagetti (here credited Pier Giorgio Ferretti).	Il sergente Rompiglioni	Giuliano Biagetti
director	Guns in the Heather is a 1969 Walt Disney family film directed by Robert Butler and produced by Ron Miller.	Guns in the Heather	Robert Butler
director	Padithal Mattum Podhuma (Is studying alone enough?) is a 1962 Indian Tamil language film directed by A. Bhimsingh.	Padithal Mattum Podhuma	A. Bhimsingh
director	Swapaanam (Malayalam: സ്വപാനം) (English translation: The Voiding Soul) is a 2014 Malayalam film directed by Shaji N. Karun and produced by M. Rajan for Horizon Entertainments.	Swapaanam	Shaji N. Karun
director	Johnny on the Run is a 1953 adventure film directed by Lewis Gilbert.	Johnny on the Run	Lewis Gilbert
director	Gaehwadang imun (개화당 이문) is a 1932 Korean film written, directed by and starring Na Woon-gyu.	Gaehwadang imun	Na Woon-gyu
director	Ukraine in Flames (Russian: Битва за нашу Советскую Украину, translit. Bitva za nashu Sovetskuyu Ukrainu, lit. ``Battle for our Soviet Ukraine'') is a 1943 Soviet documentary war film by Ukrainian director Alexander Dovzhenko and Yuliya Solntseva.	Ukraine in Flames	Alexander Dovzhenko	Yuliya Solntseva
director	How to Play Golf is a 1944 short animated Walt Disney Productions film directed by Jack Kinney.	How to Play Golf	Jack Kinney
director	Przygoda z piosenką (Pol. Adventure with song) is a Polish film musical comedy from 1969 directed by Stanisław Bareja.	Przygoda z piosenką	Stanisław Bareja
director	Paduvaaralli Pandavaru is a 1978 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal.	Paduvaaralli Pandavaru	Puttanna Kanagal
director	A Light in the Forest is a 2003 film directed by John Carl Buechler, an adaptation of Frank Latino's award winning children's book, The Legend of Hollyboy.	A Light in the Forest	John Carl Buechler
director	Father of Four in the Country (Danish: Far til fire på landet) is a 1955 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Father of Four in the Country	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Tarzeena, Queen of Kong Island is a 2008 American made for cable erotic film directed by Fred Olen Ray (under the pseudonym Nicholas Juan Medina).	Tarzeena, Queen of Kong Island	Fred Olen Ray
director	Yellow Sticky Notes is a 2007 animated short film by Canadian artist Jeff Chiba Stearns.	Yellow Sticky Notes	Jeff Chiba Stearns
director	Teddy, the Rough Rider is a 1940 short drama film directed by Ray Enright.	Teddy, the Rough Rider	Ray Enright
director	A Thief in Paradise is a 1925 American silent film, produced by Samuel Goldwyn, directed by George Fitzmaurice, and adapted by Frances Marion from Leonard Merrick's novel The Worldlings (1900).	A Thief in Paradise	George Fitzmaurice
director	The Fox in the Chicken Coop (Hebrew: Ha Shu'al B'Lool Hatarnegolot) is a 1978 Israeli film directed by Ephraim Kishon Based on Kishon satirical book by the same name .	The Fox in the Chicken Coop	Ephraim Kishon
director	Carlitinhos is a 1921 Brazilian short film comedy directed by José Medina.	Carlitinhos	José Medina
director	Me and Marlborough is a 1935 British comedy film, directed by Victor Saville, and starring Cicely Courtneidge, Tom Walls, Barry MacKay, Peter Gawthorne, Henry Oscar and Cecil Parker.	Me and Marlborough	Victor Saville
director	Oohakachavadam is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by K. Madhu.	Oohakachavadam	K. Madhu
director	Kurathi Magan is a Tamil language film directed by K. S. Gopalakrishnan.	Kurathi Magan	K. S. Gopalakrishnan
director	Forget America (German: Vergiss Amerika) is a 2000 German drama film directed by Vanessa Jopp.	Forget America	Vanessa Jopp
director	Antaheen (Bengali: অন্তহীন English: The Endless Wait) is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury.	Antaheen	Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury
director	With the Marines at Tarawa is a 1944 short documentary film directed by Louis Hayward.	With the Marines at Tarawa	Louis Hayward
director	Alien 3 (stylized as ALIEN3) is a 1992 American science-fiction horror film and the debut feature film of director David Fincher.	Alien 3	David Fincher
director	The Rabbit Is Me (German: Das Kaninchen bin ich) is an East German dramatic film directed by Kurt Maetzig.	The Rabbit Is Me	Kurt Maetzig
director	Oru Naal Iravil (English: In a Single Night) is an Indian Tamil thriller film edited and directed by Anthony in his directorial debut.	Oru Naal Iravil	Anthony
director	We'll Live Till Monday (Russian: Доживём до понедельника, translit. Dozhivyom do ponedelnika) is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Stanislav Rostotsky.	We'll Live Till Monday	Stanislav Rostotsky
director	Change Nothing (French: Ne change rien) is a 2009 documentary directed by Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa.	Change Nothing	Pedro Costa
director	Deuljwi (들쥐, Field Mouse) is a 1927 Korean film written, directed, edited by and starring Na Woon-gyu (1902-1937).	Deuljwi	Na Woon-gyu
director	Moontide is a 1942 American drama film noir directed by Archie Mayo and Fritz Lang, although Lang was uncredited when the film was released.	Moontide	Archie Mayo	Fritz Lang
director	I Can Quit Whenever I Want (Italian: Smetto quando voglio) is a 2014 Italian comedy film directed by Sydney Sibilia.	I Can Quit Whenever I Want	Sydney Sibilia
director	Shri Krishna Janma (Birth of Lord Krishna) is a 1918 Indian silent film directed by Dadasaheb Phalke.	Shri Krishna Janma	Dadasaheb Phalke
director	¡Cuatro! is a 2013 rockumentary starring the punk rock band Green Day, directed by Tim Wheeler.	¡Cuatro!	Tim Wheeler
director	Mi Buenos Aires querido is a 1936 Argentine musical film directed and written by Julio Irigoyen.	Mi Buenos Aires querido	Julio Irigoyen
director	Onde Guri (Kannada: ಒಂದೇ ಗುರಿ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film, directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by M P Shankar.	Onde Guri	H. R. Bhargava
director	The sketch also featured a cameo of a director played by Still Game director Michael Hines.	Still Game	Michael Hines
director	Once a Doctor is a 1937 American drama film directed by William Clemens and written by Robertson White and Ben Grauman Kohn.	Once a Doctor	William Clemens
director	Zone of the Dead, also known as Apocalypse of the Dead (Zona Mrtvih in Serbian) is a 2009 Serbian horror film by directors Milan Konjević and Milan Todorović.	Zone of the Dead	Milan Konjević	Milan Todorović
director	Two and Two Make Six also known as A Change of Heart and The Girl Swappers is a 1962 film directed by Freddie Francis.	Two and Two Make Six	Freddie Francis
director	El Patrullero (aka Highway Patrolman) (1991) is the first Mexican feature film by the British director Alex Cox.	El Patrullero	Alex Cox
director	Our Russian Front is a 1942 American documentary film directed by Joris Ivens and Lewis Milestone, and narrated by Walter Huston to promote support for the Soviet Union's war effort.	Our Russian Front	Joris Ivens	Lewis Milestone
director	Touch of Pink is a 2004 Canadian-British gay-themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Ian Iqbal Rashid.	Touch of Pink	Ian Iqbal Rashid
director	Apaye (English: A Mother's Love) is a 2014 Nigerian biographical drama film directed by Desmond Elliot, starring Clarion Chukwura, Kanayo O. Kanayo, Belinda Effah, and Mbong Amata.	Apaye	Desmond Elliot
director	One Big Affair is a 1952 American comedy film directed by Peter Godfrey and written by Leo Townsend and Francis Swann.	One Big Affair	Peter Godfrey
director	Io sono il capataz is a 1950 Italian western-comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli.	Io sono il capataz	Giorgio Simonelli
director	The Girl from Monterrey is a 1943 American film directed by Wallace Fox starring Armida Vendrell as PRCs version of the Mexican Spitfire.	The Girl from Monterrey	Wallace Fox
director	Death Screams (also titled House of Death or Night Screams) is a 1982 horror film directed by David Nelson.	Death Screams	David Nelson
dissolved or abolished	The Tacoma Rockets were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League (WHL) from 1991 to 1995.	Tacoma Rockets	1995
dissolved or abolished	The Anti-Masonic Party held a third national nominating convention at Temperance Hall in Philadelphia on November 13--14, 1838.	Anti-Masonic Party	1838
dissolved or abolished	Sayn-Wittgenstein was partitioned in 1607 into:	Sayn-Wittgenstein	1607
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Gera (1835 -- 1887) was one of the kingdoms in the Gibe region of Ethiopia that emerged in the late 19th century.	Kingdom of Gera	1887
dissolved or abolished	With the forced abdication of Alfonso III ``the Great'' of Asturias by his sons in 910, the Kingdom of Asturias split into three separate kingdoms of León, Galicia and Asturias.	Kingdom of Asturias	910
dissolved or abolished	Southern Tang (Chinese: 南唐; pinyin: Nán Táng; also referred to as Nantang), later known as Jiangnan (江南), was one of the Ten Kingdoms in Southern China created following the Tang Dynasty from 937--976.	Southern Tang	976
dissolved or abolished	The journal ran from 1935 to 1938 and a collection of Hatomim was later reprinted in book form by the central Chabad publishing house, Kehot Publication Society.	Hatomim	1938
dissolved or abolished	Ciskei and all of the other homelands were reincorporated into South Africa on 27 April 1994, after the first post-apartheid elections.	Ciskei	27 April 1994
dissolved or abolished	In 1945, the Province of Halle-Merseburg was dissolved into a recreated Province of Saxony.	Halle-Merseburg	1945
dissolved or abolished	The Banat Republic (Romanian: Republica Bănăţeană, German: Banater Republik, Serbian: Banatska republika / Банатска република, Hungarian: Bánáti Köztársaság) was a short-lived state proclaimed in Timişoara on November 1, 1918, the day after the dissolution of the Austro-Hungarian Empire.	Banat Republic	1918
dissolved or abolished	The Northern Yan (Chinese: 北燕; pinyin: Bĕiyàn; 407 or 409-436) was a state of Han Chinese during the era of Sixteen Kingdoms in China.	Northern Yan	436
dissolved or abolished	In November, 2009, ROHM Co., Ltd. of Japan acquired Kionix.	Kionix	2009
dissolved or abolished	Between 1973 and 1988, a total of 53 ships were built by Govan Shipbuilders at the Govan (former Fairfield) shipyard.	Govan Shipbuilders	1988
dissolved or abolished	On 1 January 1993, Linjeflyg was merged into SAS.	Linjeflyg	1993
dissolved or abolished	The Whittemore Gang (February 25, 1925 -- March 19, 1926) was a group of bank robbers active in the Mid-Atlantic and Eastern United States during the mid-1920s.	Whittemore Gang	1926
dissolved or abolished	RAF Bomber Command controlled the RAF's bomber forces from 1936 to 1968.	RAF Bomber Command	1968
dissolved or abolished	Southern Bell, originally incorporated in New York, was reincorporated in Georgia in 1983 as SBT&T Co. The original Southern Bell was then merged into SBT&T Co., at which point that company was renamed Southern Bell.	Southern Bell	1983
dissolved or abolished	The Free and Independent State of Cundinamarca (Spanish: Estado Libre e Independiente de Cundinamarca) was a rebel state in colonial Colombia, replacing the Spanish colonial Viceroyalty of New Granada from 1810 to 1815.	Free and Independent State of Cundinamarca	1815
dissolved or abolished	Localization Industry Standards Association or LISA was a Swiss-based trade body concerning the translation of computer software (and associated materials) into multiple natural languages, which existed from 1990 to February 2011.	Localization Industry Standards Association	2011
dissolved or abolished	The Holsman Automobile Company was an early United States automobile manufacturer Chicago, Illinois between 1901 and 1910.	Holsman Automobile Company	1910
dissolved or abolished	R.A.G.T. Semences was a French professional cycling team which existed from 2000 to 2005.	R.A.G.T. Semences	2005
dissolved or abolished	Equipe Nürnberger Versicherung (known in 2010 as Noris Cycling under the terms of a sponsorship deal) was an elite women's professional road cycling team based in Germany.	Equipe Nürnberger Versicherung	2010
dissolved or abolished	In 2006, Foster Yeoman was wholly acquired by the Holcim Group and is now part of its Aggregate Industries subsidiary and is no longer family owned.	Foster Yeoman	2006
dissolved or abolished	Amsterdam Basketball was a Dutch professional basketball club from the city of Amsterdam, established in 1995 and dissolved in 2011.	Amsterdam Basketball	2011
dissolved or abolished	The Entrop was a Dutch automobile manufactured by a cycle company in 's Gravenmoer in 1909.	Entrop	1909
dissolved or abolished	In August 2009, ARTISTdirect restructured MediaDefender and MediaSentry, creating Peer Media Technologies.	MediaDefender	2009
dissolved or abolished	The Società Italiana Caproni ceased to exist in 1950, although one of its divisions, Caproni Vizzola endured until 1983 when it was bought by Agusta.	Caproni	1950
dissolved or abolished	Transocean Air Lines was an Oakland, California-based airline that operated from 1946 until 1960.	Transocean Air Lines	1960
dissolved or abolished	By the time of Mahinda V (982--1017), the last king of the Anuradhapura Kingdom, the rule of the king had become so weak that he could not even properly organize the collection of taxes.	Anuradhapura Kingdom	1017
dissolved or abolished	British Energy was the UK's largest electricity generation company by volume, before being taken over by Électricité de France (EDF) in 2009.	British Energy	2009
dissolved or abolished	After several years of decline with financial difficulties and venue issues, owner Costi Zombanakis pulled the first team from the BBL in the summer of 2006, and although the team continued in the regional English Basketball League, the London Towers brand folded in 2009.	London Towers	2009
dissolved or abolished	Hasbro Interactive acquired the merged company in 1998, and what had been Spectrum HoloByte ceased to exist when the development studio in Alameda was closed in 1999.	Spectrum HoloByte	1999
dissolved or abolished	The First Spanish Republic (Spanish: Primera República Española) was the short-lived political regime that existed in Spain between the parliamentary proclamation on 11 February 1873 and 29 December 1874 when General Arsenio Martínez-Campos's pronunciamento marked the beginning of the Bourbon Restoration in Spain.	First Spanish Republic	1874
dissolved or abolished	Spanish Formosa was a Spanish colony established in the north of Taiwan from 1626 to 1642.	Spanish Formosa	1642
dissolved or abolished	Strathclyde (Srath Chluaidh in Gaelic, meaning ``valley of the River Clyde'', pronounced (s̪t̪ra xɫ̪ɯi)) was one of nine former local government regions of Scotland created by the Local Government (Scotland) Act 1973 and abolished in 1996 by the Local Government etc (Scotland) Act 1994.	Strathclyde	1996
dissolved or abolished	British Eagle International Airlines was a major British independent airline that operated from 1948 until it went into liquidation in 1968.	British Eagle	1968
dissolved or abolished	The Democratic Army of Greece (Greek: Δημοκρατικός Στρατός Ελλάδας, DSE (ΔΣΕ)), was the army founded by the Communist Party of Greece during the Greek Civil War, 1946--1949.	Democratic Army of Greece	1949
dissolved or abolished	The company sold their subscriber business to Sky where new subscribers to Sky could get up to 50% off for a year if they go through Top Up TV, but continued to run conditional access to the Freeview platform which BT uses to broadcast BT Sports 1 and 2 which ended in June 2015.	Top Up TV	June 2015
dissolved or abolished	The Royal Hanoverian State Railways (German: Königlich Hannöversche Staatseisenbahnen) existed from 1843 until the annexation of the Kingdom of Hanover by the Kingdom of Prussia in 1866.	Royal Hanoverian State Railways	1866
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Württemberg (German: Königreich Württemberg) was a state in Germany that existed from 1805 to 1918, located in the area that is now Baden-Württemberg.	Kingdom of Württemberg	1918
dissolved or abolished	The Hochschule für die Wissenschaft des Judentums, or Higher Institute for Jewish Studies, was a rabbinical seminary, established in Berlin in 1872 and closed down by the Nazi government of Germany in 1942.	Hochschule für die Wissenschaft des Judentums	1942
dissolved or abolished	On May 30, 1986 Auzolan self-dissolved, but the Navarran branch continued to exist, as Batzarre.	Auzolan	1986
dissolved or abolished	The last French governor-general of New France, Pierre François de Rigaud, Marquis de Vaudreuil-Cavagnal, surrendered to British Major General Jeffrey Amherst on 8 September 1760.	New France	1760
dissolved or abolished	Shushinsky Uyezd (Russian: Шушинский уезд), was one of the uyezds (administrative units) of Elisabethpol Governorate of the Russian Empire, and then of Ganja Governorate of Azerbaijan Democratic Republic with its center in Shusha in 1840--1921.	Shushinsky Uyezd	1921
dissolved or abolished	John Tully for Cavan was the only Clann na Poblachta TD elected in the 1965 general election.	Clann na Poblachta	1965
dissolved or abolished	After the meager electoral results in municipal elections in 1999, particularly in Barcelona city where Rahola was candidate, Partit per la Independència was dissolved.	Partit per la Independència	1999
dissolved or abolished	OK-Supreme was a British motorcycle manufacturer from 1899 to 1939 located in Birmingham.	OK-Supreme	1939
dissolved or abolished	Maximag was the name of a Swiss automobile, produced by Motosacoche, based at Carouge, a suburb of Geneva, from 1923 till 1928.	Maximag	1928
dissolved or abolished	On March 9, 2013, letters were sent to Insight customers informing them that starting in June 2013, Insight Communications will be completely absorbed, and Insight service will be replaced by Time Warner Cable.	Insight Communications	June 2013
dissolved or abolished	Ardie was a company in Nürnberg, Germany that manufactured motorcycles from 1919 until 1958.	Ardie	1958
dissolved or abolished	The Royal Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences (Dutch: Koninklijk Bataviaasch Genootschap van Kunsten en Wetenschappen, 1778-1962) was a Dutch learned society in Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia).	Royal Batavian Society of Arts and Sciences	1962
dissolved or abolished	The Ausfod was an automobile manufactured by the Ausfod Motor Engineering Co Ltd in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester from 1947 to 1948.	Ausfod	1948
dissolved or abolished	The Autonomous Province of Western Bosnia (Bosnian: Autonomna Pokrajina Zapadna Bosna) was a small unrecognised state that existed in the northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina between 1993 and 1995.	Autonomous Province of Western Bosnia	1995
dissolved or abolished	The Brazilian military government was the authoritarian military dictatorship that ruled Brazil from April 1, 1964 to March 15, 1985.	Brazilian military government	1985
dissolved or abolished	The Ageron was a French automobile manufactured in Lyon between 1910 and 1914.	Ageron	1910
dissolved or abolished	The Hanthawaddy Kingdom (Burmese: ဟံသာဝတီ ပဲခူး နေပြည်တော်; Mon: ဟံသာဝတဳ, (hɔŋsawətɔe); also Hanthawaddy Pegu or simply Pegu) was the dominant kingdom that ruled lower Burma (Myanmar) from 1287 to 1539 and from 1550 to 1552.	Hanthawaddy Kingdom	1552
dissolved or abolished	Mid-Canada Communications was a Canadian media company, which operated from 1980 to 1990.	Mid-Canada Communications	1990
dissolved or abolished	In 920 Hywel merged Seisyllwg with the Kingdom of Dyfed to form the new kingdom of Deheubarth.	Seisyllwg	920
dissolved or abolished	In June 2013, Serotta merged with Blue Competition Cycles and Mad Fiber Wheels under the name of Divine Cycling Group.	Serotta	2013
educated at	Richard Kerry attended Phillips Academy, graduated from Yale University in 1937, and received his law degree from Harvard Law School in 1940.	Richard Kerry	Phillips Academy	Yale University	Harvard Law School
educated at	Pascal Riché is a former alumni of Sciences Po and of the Centre de formation des journalistes (CFJ) journalist school.	Pascal Riché	Sciences Po
educated at	Vidya Subrahmaniam received an M. A. degree from the Delhi School of Economics.	Vidya Subrahmaniam	Delhi School of Economics
educated at	Catherine Hiegel is also a professor to the CNSAD for thirteen years.	Catherine Hiegel	CNSAD
educated at	In August 1962, Eva Hesse and Tom Doyle participated in an Allan Kaprow Happening at the Art Students League of New York in Woodstock, New York.	Eva Hesse	Art Students League of New York
educated at	Not interrelated, but interesting from Vladimír Hirsch's biography is the fact, that he graduated in 1980 Faculty of medicine of Charles University in Prague and practiced as a physician until 1999.	Vladimír Hirsch	Charles University in Prague
educated at	Ashkan Pouya has a degree in Economics from Uppsala University.	Ashkan Pouya	Uppsala University
educated at	Marianne Brandt (1 October 1893 -- 18 June 1983), German painter, sculptor, photographer and designer who studied at the Bauhaus school and became head of the metal workshop in 1928.	Marianne Brandt	Bauhaus
educated at	Samuel Bolton (1606 -- 15 October 1654) was an English clergyman and scholar, a member of the Westminster Assembly and Master of Christ's College, Cambridge.	Samuel Bolton	Christ's College
educated at	Josep Guia i Marín (Valencian pronunciation: (dʒuˈzɛb ˈɡi.a); born 1947 in Valencia) is a Spanish writer, mathematics professor of University of Valencia and political activist within PSAN party.	Josep Guia	University of Valencia
educated at	Son of Thomas Scanlan, a farmer, he was born at Drumcliffe, County Sligo, and educated at Summerhill College in Sligo and at the University of St Andrews, Scotland.	Thomas Scanlan	Summerhill College
educated at	Sr Sara Grant came as a missionary to India in 1956, to head the newly formed Department of Philosophy at Sophia College (University of Mumbai), Mumbai run by Society of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, here she taught for many years.	Sara Grant	University of Mumbai
educated at	Melanie Killen obtained her Ph.D. in Developmental Psychology from the University of California, Berkeley, where she was a NIMH Predoctoral trainee, and her B.A. in Psychology from Clark University, where she was awarded a New England Psychological Association undergraduate Honorary Fellow.	Melanie Killen	University of California, Berkeley	Clark University
educated at	Inspired by his father, who was also an artist, William Silvers studied arts at the Bowling Green State University and earned a Bachelor of Fine Arts at the age of 21.	William Silvers	Bowling Green State University
educated at	Robert Alter earned his bachelor's degree in English (Columbia University, 1957), and his master's degree (1958) and doctorate (1962) from Harvard University in comparative literature.	Robert Alter	Columbia University	Harvard University
educated at	Educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh and at the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, Robert Whigham was commissioned into the 1st Battalion Royal Warwickshire Regiment in 1885.	Robert Whigham	Fettes College
educated at	Abdul Gani Patail graduated with a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) degree from the University of Malaya in 1979.	Abdul Gani Patail	University of Malaya
educated at	Abner Vernon McCall (June 8, 1915 -- June 11, 1995) was the President of Baylor University from 1961 to 1981.	Abner Vernon McCall	Baylor University
educated at	Chris Krause later played collegiate football at Vanderbilt University, where he was a linebacker and nose guard.	Chris Krause	Vanderbilt University
educated at	Rufus Flint (born circa 1865) was a professor of English and mathematics, University of Nicaragua, conducting early Central American biodiversity studies while enrolled at Cornell University.	Rufus Flint	Cornell University
educated at	Robert Walmsley was born in Aberdeen in 1941 and was educated at Fettes College in Edinburgh.	Robert Walmsley	Fettes College
educated at	Thomas Borer was born in 1957 and studied law at the University of Basel where he obtained his doctorate summa cum laude in 1985.	Thomas Borer	University of Basel
educated at	Christine James was born in Tonypandy, Rhondda, and educated at Porth County Grammar School, then later at Aberystwyth University, where she gained a first-class honours degree in Welsh and was subsequently awarded a PhD for a thesis on the Laws of Hywel Dda.	Christine James	Aberystwyth University
educated at	Adam Bogle was educated at Harrow between 1862 and 1865 followed by the Royal Military Academy, Woolwich until 1868.	Adam Bogle	Royal Military Academy, Woolwich
educated at	Rainer Blatt graduated in physics from the University of Mainz in 1979.	Rainer Blatt	University of Mainz
educated at	Emily Raboteau is an American fiction writer, essayist, and City College of New York professor who grew up in New Jersey, received a MFA from New York University and whose first novel The Professor's Daughter was published in 2005.	Emily Raboteau	New York University
educated at	Born in Iran, Abbas Mirakhor received PhD from Kansas State University in the USA.	Abbas Mirakhor	Kansas State University
educated at	Stanley Plumly grew up in Ohio and Virginia and was educated at Wilmington College in Ohio and at Ohio University.	Stanley Plumly	Ohio University
educated at	Dorothy Hyuha graduated with a Bachelor of Science with a Diploma in Education, (BSc/Ed) from Makerere University in 1985.	Dorothy Hyuha	Makerere University
educated at	Bruce Grindlay (born 1967) is a British organist, conductor, teacher and the Current Headmaster at Sutton Valence School Grindlay finished his schooling in Canada and studied at the Royal Canadian College of Organists as well as the Royal Conservatory of Music and the University of British Columbia.	Bruce Grindlay	University of British Columbia
educated at	Hervé Biausser (born 17 February 1951) is the director of two French engineering schools, École Centrale Paris and Supélec, positions he has held since 2003 and 2013, respectively.	Hervé Biausser	École Centrale Paris
educated at	Suzanne Fortier (born November 11, 1949) is the Principal of McGill University, as announced March 5, 2013 by McGill's Board of Governors.	Suzanne Fortier	McGill University
educated at	Jack Waterford graduated in law from the Australian National University.	Jack Waterford	Australian National University
educated at	Robert Swirsky holds bachelor's and master's degrees in computer science from Hofstra University, and is one of Hofstra's Alumni of Distinction.	Robert Swirsky	Hofstra University
educated at	Gary Christenson is a triple alumnus of Suffolk University.	Gary Christenson	Suffolk University
educated at	Tove Pihl graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from the University of Rochester in 1948, and with a Master of Arts degree in pedagogy from the University of Chicago in 1949.	Tove Pihl	University of Rochester	University of Chicago
educated at	Widjojo Nitisastro became a full professor of economics at the University of Indonesia in Jakarta at the age of 34 in 1962.	Widjojo Nitisastro	University of Indonesia
educated at	Born in Ulster as Benjamin Waldo Maguire, he attended Portadown College and Trinity College, Dublin, where he studied philosophy and mathematics.	Waldo Maguire	Trinity College
educated at	Jena Osman is an American poet and editor, who graduated from Brown University, and the State University of New York at Buffalo, with a Ph.D. She teaches at Temple University.	Jena Osman	Brown University
educated at	Scott Ginsburg earned his Bachelor's degree from George Washington University, and his Juris Doctorate degree from Georgetown University Law Center.	Scott Ginsburg	George Washington University
educated at	Dean Roden Chapman (8 March 1922 -- 4 October 1995) was a mechanical engineer at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and at Stanford University.	Dean Roden Chapman	Stanford University
educated at	Ken Pries was born in Alameda, California, and attended San Francisco State University, where he majored in broadcast communicational arts.	Ken Pries	San Francisco State University
educated at	Ajay Kalsi was born in October 1960, and educated at Methodist High School, Kanpur, followed by a BSc in Economics from the London School of Economics and an MPhil in Economics from Cambridge University.	Ajay Kalsi	London School of Economics
educated at	K. Nageshwar is a former member of the Telangana Legislative Council and professor in the Department of Communication & Journalism, Osmania University, Hyderabad, India.	K. Nageshwar	Osmania University
educated at	David Conte earned his Bachelor's degree from Bowling Green State University, where he studied with Wallace DePue, and his Master's and Doctoral degrees from Cornell University, where he studied with Karel Husa and Steven Stucky.	David Conte	Bowling Green State University
educated at	Edward Copleston (1776 -- 14 August 1849) was an English churchman and academic, Provost of Oriel College, Oxford from 1814 til 1828 and bishop of Llandaff from 1827.	Edward Copleston	Oriel College
educated at	William Aubrey (ca. 1529 -- 25 June 1595) was Regius Professor of Civil Law at the University of Oxford from 1553 to 1559, and was one of the founding Fellows of Jesus College, Oxford.	William Aubrey	University of Oxford
educated at	T. Gerald Hunter, more commonly known as Jerry Hunter, is an American graduate of the University of Cincinnati (BA), Aberystwyth (MPhil) and Harvard University (PhD).	Jerry Hunter	University of Cincinnati	Harvard University
educated at	Anthony David Brighty was educated at Northgate Grammar School (now Northgate High School (Ipswich)) and Clare College, Cambridge.	David Brighty	Clare College
educated at	Sam Schwartzstein (born July 7, 1989) is an American football center who played for Stanford University, who also plays guard.	Sam Schwartzstein	Stanford University
educated at	Timothy M. Lohman (born 1951) earned his Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 1977.	Timothy M. Lohman	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Arthur H. Robinson (January 5, 1915 -- October 10, 2004) was an American geographer and cartographer, who was professor in the Geography Department at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison from 1947 until he retired in 1980.	Arthur H. Robinson	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
educated at	Adeline de Monseignat obtained her BA in Language and Culture from University College London in 2009, and completed her Fine Art Foundation Course at the Slade School of Fine Art before graduating from her MA in Fine Art at City and Guilds of London Art School in 2011 with distinction.	Adeline de Monseignat	University College London	Slade School of Fine Art
educated at	Silver Meikar was born in Tartu and received the basic and secondary school education in Tartu Miina Härma Gymnasium.	Silver Meikar	Miina Härma Gymnasium
educated at	Architecture graduate of the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in 1939, Toma Barbu Socolescu will work during the time of its studies on the interior of the transatlantic liner SS Normandie.	Toma Barbu Socolescu	École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts
educated at	Swami Nikhilananda was born in 1895 in Bangladesh, at the time a part of India, and had his education in the University of Calcutta.	Swami Nikhilananda	University of Calcutta
educated at	George Strauss was educated at Rugby School, where the hostile treatment experienced by him and other Jewish boys left him as a vehement supporter of racial equality.	George Strauss	Rugby School
educated at	A law graduate from the University of London, member of the Middle Temple, Madan Dulloo was first elected during the 1976 general elections under the banner of the Mauritian Militant Movement.	Madan Dulloo	University of London
educated at	In the January 1996 issue of Swimming World, Tappin was featured on the cover with the caption 'Ashley Tappin University of Arizona's Sprint Free Champ'.	Ashley Tappin	University of Arizona
educated at	George Sterman received an A.B. from the University of Chicago in 1968.	George Sterman	University of Chicago
educated at	Jan Pronk continued to study economics at the Nederlandse Economische hogeschool (currently Erasmus University Rotterdam, Erasmus School of Economics) in Rotterdam, graduating in 1964.	Jan Pronk	Erasmus University Rotterdam
educated at	Giovanni Kessler graduated in law at the University of Bologna.	Giovanni Kessler	University of Bologna
educated at	The range was inspired by Lee Alexander McQueen whose historyShantanu Goenka From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Shantanu Goenka Residence Kolkata Nationality Indian Education National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) Kolkata Occupation Fashion designer Shantanu Goenka is an Indian fashion designer based in Kolkata.	Shantanu Goenka	National Institute of Fashion Technology
educated at	John Wheelock (January 28, 1754 -- April 4, 1817) was the eldest son of Eleazar Wheelock who was the founder and first president of Dartmouth College;	John Wheelock	Dartmouth College
educated at	Anil Srivastava attended Banaras Hindu University from 1978-85 for graduation and post graduation.	Anil Srivastava	Banaras Hindu University
educated at	James Bramston (circa 1694 - 1743), satirist, educated at Westminster School and Oxford, took orders and was later Vicar of Harting.	James Bramston	Westminster School
educated at	Steven J. Dick received a Bachelor of Science in astrophysics from Indiana University in 1971.	Steven J. Dick	Indiana University
educated at	A former National Merit Scholar, Chubb Rock was a pre-med student who dropped out of Brown University to pursue his musical career.	Chubb Rock	Brown University
educated at	Nicholas Callaway graduated from Harvard University with a degree in Classics and Fine Arts, where he studied with Robert Fitzgerald and Emily Vermeule.	Nicholas Callaway	Harvard University
educated at	Louis Massignon started his studies at the Lycée Louis-le-Grand in Paris (1896) where he befriended his classmate Henri Maspero, later a renowned sinologist.	Louis Massignon	Lycée Louis-le-Grand
educated at	A native of Brooklyn, Eric Ober is a graduate of Yale University (B.A.) and Columbia University (M.A.).	Eric Ober	Yale University	Columbia University
educated at	In the early 1970s David Karoly enrolled in applied mathematics at Monash University, Melbourne, but later became interested in meteorology.	David Karoly	Monash University
educated at	Giuseppe Amisani e Amedeo Bocchi, Esposizione di Belle Arti di Brera, Brera Academy, Milan, 1912.	Giuseppe Amisani	Brera Academy
educated at	Fiona Ma received a bachelor's degree in accounting at Rochester Institute of Technology, a master's degree in taxation from Golden Gate University, and an MBA from Pepperdine University.	Fiona Ma	Rochester Institute of Technology	Pepperdine University
educated at	Haitham al-Haddad gained a PhD at SOAS, University of London and is a Saudi-trained Imam.	Haitham al-Haddad	SOAS, University of London
educated at	James George Smith (August 20, 1819 -- September 16, 1849) was one of eight founders of Beta Theta Pi, a prominent college fraternity founded at Miami University in 1839.	James George Smith	Miami University
educated at	Richard Harbert Smith (born January 15, 1894, in Dillsboro, Indiana, USA -- after 1951) was a professor and researcher of aeronautical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), from 1929 to 1945.	Richard Harbert Smith	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Joseph Siravo (born February 12, 1957) is an American actor and graduate of both Stanford and New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts.	Joseph Siravo	Tisch School of the Arts
educated at	Yu Lihua was born in Shanghai and went to university in Taiwan, taking history at National Taiwan University.	Yu Lihua	National Taiwan University
educated at	Rich Kenah graduated from Georgetown University with a degree in International Marketing in 1992.	Rich Kenah	Georgetown University
educated at	Raymond Dwek was educated at Carmel College, then the University of Manchester where he studied Chemistry (1960--64).	Raymond Dwek	University of Manchester
educated at	Uee and her co-star, Joo Won, both studied acting at Sungkyunkwan University and already knew each other.	Uee	Sungkyunkwan University
educated at	Samuel Fell D.D. (1584 -- 1 February 1649) was an English academic and clergyman, Dean of Christ Church, Oxford and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford during the First English Civil War.	Samuel Fell	Christ Church
educated at	Ronald Milne was born in Duns, in the Scottish Borders, and studied German at the University of Edinburgh; he gained professional library qualifications at University College London.	Ronald Milne	University of Edinburgh
educated at	Isabelle Liberman received her bachelor's degree from Vassar College and her doctorate from Yale University.	Isabelle Liberman	Vassar College	Yale University
educated at	Hilde Mæhlum has her education from Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry in Oslo from 1965 to 1968, the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts, Oslo from 1968 to 1975 in addition to shorter education in Dublin and New York	Hilde Mæhlum	Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry	Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts
educated at	Esther Pasztory is a professor of Pre-Columbian art history at Columbia University.	Esther Pasztory	Columbia University
educated at	Shirley Pearce was educated at Norwich High School for Girls, before studying Psychology, Physiology and Philosophy at St Anne's College, Oxford University, gaining a BA degree in 1975.	Shirley Pearce	St Anne's College
educated at	After graduating from Saint Martin's School of Art, Gilroy set up her own design label, Darla Jane Gilroy, which had a shop on London's King's Road.	Darla Jane Gilroy	Saint Martin's School of Art
educated at	Marjorie Eaton had taken painting classes with Hans Hofmann at the Art Students League of New York and afterwards shared a studio with Louise Nevelson whom she met at the League.	Marjorie Eaton	Art Students League of New York
educated at	Earl Black earned a B.A. at the University of Texas at Austin in 1964 and his Ph.D. from Harvard University in 1968.	Earl Black	University of Texas at Austin	Harvard University
educated at	Louis Freeh was then educated by the Christian Brothers and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Rutgers University in 1971.	Louis Freeh	Rutgers University
educated at	David Eidelberg earned his BA at Columbia University in 1977, and his MD from Harvard Medical School (HMS) in 1981.	David Eidelberg	Harvard Medical School
educated at	DJ Bonics is a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh, where he was a member of Zeta Beta Tau Fraternity.	DJ Bonics	University of Pittsburgh
educated at	Spencer Wells (born April 6, 1969) is a geneticist, anthropologist, author, entrepreneur, adjunct professor at the University of Texas at Austin, and owner of Antone's, an iconic nightclub in Austin, Texas.	Spencer Wells	University of Texas at Austin
educated at	Ray Lyman Wilbur (April 13, 1875 -- June 26, 1949) was an American medical doctor who served as the third president of Stanford University and was the 31st United States Secretary of the Interior.	Ray Lyman Wilbur	Stanford University
educated at	Anthony Lun is a graduate of La Salle College, Hong Kong, Santa Clara University (Bachelor of Arts) and University of Michigan (trained in Masters in Music).	Anthony Lun	University of Michigan
educated at	Samuel Oboh studied architecture at the Bendel State University - now Ambrose Alli University - for his bachelor's degree (B.Sc) and he earned a Master of Science degree in architecture from the Ahmadu Bello University, Zaria, Nigeria.	Samuel Oboh	Ahmadu Bello University
educated at	Louis Adolphus Duhring (December 23, 1845, Philadelphia -- May 8, 1913, Philadelphia) was an American physician and professor of dermatology at the University of Pennsylvania.	Louis Adolphus Duhring	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Andrew Harman studied biochemistry at the University of York, being a member of Wentworth College.	Andrew Harman	University of York
educated at	Faithful Teate the younger entered Trinity College Dublin in 1641 at age fourteen and was later ordained into the Church of Ireland.	Faithful Teate	Trinity College
educated at	Kat Candler graduated in Creative Writing at Florida State University and now lives in Austin, Texas.	Kat Candler	Florida State University
educated at	Jason Conley was born in San Antonio, Texas and attended Montrose Christian School in Rockville, a perennial national high school basketball power that has sent many players to the Division I and professional levels.	Jason Conley	Montrose Christian School
educated at	George William McClelland (1880−1955) was an American educator, provost of the University of Pennsylvania from 1939 to 1944, and president of the University of Pennsylvania from 1944 to 1948.	George William McClelland	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Byun Young-joo graduated with a Law degree from Ewha Womans University and did her graduate studies at the Department of Theater and Film at Chung-Ang University.	Byun Young-joo	Ewha Womans University	Chung-Ang University
educated at	Yoshiyuki Sankai is a Japanese billionaire businessman and academic, the founder, president and CEO of the cyborg-robot maker Cyberdyne; and professor of the Graduate School of Systems & Information Engineering at the University of Tsukuba.	Yoshiyuki Sankai	University of Tsukuba
educated at	Ian Coutts was born on 27 April 1928 in Herne Hill, south London and attended Dulwich College.	Ian Coutts	Dulwich College
educated at	Bertrand Meyer received a master degree in engineering from the École Polytechnique in Paris, a second master's degree from Stanford University, and a PhD from the Université de Nancy in Nancy, Meurthe-et-Moselle.	Bertrand Meyer	École Polytechnique	Stanford University
educated at	Lee Upton (born June 2, 1953 St. Johns, Michigan) is an American poet, fiction writer, literary critic, and a graduate of the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Lee Upton	University of Massachusetts Amherst
educated at	John Henry Maunder was born in Chelsea and studied at the Royal Academy of Music in London.	John Henry Maunder	Royal Academy of Music
educated at	Matthew Leydt (1755--1783) was the first graduate of Queen's College (now Rutgers University) in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Matthew Leydt	Rutgers University
educated at	A native of Bern, Thomas Helbling studied Law at the University of Bern and holds a Master of Laws from the University of London.	Thomas Helbling	University of London
educated at	In 1977, Alexander Lebedev entered the Department of Economics at Moscow State Institute of International Relations.	Alexander Lebedev	Moscow State Institute of International Relations
educated at	Louis Kasekende holds the degree of Bachelor of Arts (BA) in Economics from Makerere University, Uganda's oldest university.	Louis Kasekende	Makerere University
educated at	John E. Laird (born March 16, 1954 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is a computer scientist who, with Paul Rosenbloom and Allen Newell, created the Soar cognitive architecture at Carnegie Mellon University.	John E. Laird	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	Having an engineering background, Darren Korb went to New York University for music production and music business.	Darren Korb	New York University
educated at	Roger Revelle was born in Seattle to William Roger Revelle and Ella Dougan, and grew up in southern California, graduating from Pomona College in 1929 with early studies in geology and then earning a Ph.D. in oceanography from the University of California, Berkeley in 1936.	Roger Revelle	Pomona College	University of California, Berkeley
educated at	After high school Greg Avioli moved to North Carolina, where he graduated with a bachelor's degree from the University of North Carolina and earned his J.D. from the same university in 1989.	Greg Avioli	University of North Carolina
educated at	Calvin O'Neal ((born October 6, 1954) is a former professional American football linebacker who played for the Baltimore Colts in 1978 and was an All-American and team co-captain for the University of Michigan Wolverines in 1976.	Calvin O'Neal	University of Michigan
educated at	Deborah Bergamini studied literature and philosophy and went on to study at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts, specialising in political marketing.	Deborah Bergamini	Smith College
educated at	When she was 11, Daphne Park returned to England and was educated at Rosa Bassett School in Streatham and at Somerville College, Oxford, where she graduated with a B.A. in modern languages in 1943.	Daphne Park	Somerville College
educated at	Babatunde Adetokunbo Sofoluwe (15 April 1950 -- 2012) was a Nigerian professor of Computer science, educational administrator and former vice chancellor of the University of Lagos, Nigeria.	Babatunde Adetokunbo Sofoluwe	University of Lagos
educated at	Kent Ninomiya graduated magna cum laude from St. Mary's University School of Law with a Juris Doctor.	Kent Ninomiya	St. Mary's University School of Law
educated at	Nathaniel Foy was the son of John Foy, M.D. He was born at York, and educated at Trinity College, Dublin, of which he later became a senior fellow.	Nathaniel Foy	Trinity College
educated at	Logie Leggatt was born on the 24 September 1894 at St. John's Hill, Bangalore and was educated at Eton College and King's College, Cambridge.	Logie Leggatt	Eton College
educated at	Carol Schlosberg (14 June 1957 -- 29 March 1998) was an American painter who was born in Newton, Massachusetts, and had been an art instructor at Yale University where she earned her Master of Fine Arts in 1992.	Carol Schlosberg	Yale University
educated at	Lisa Nakamura earned a B.A. from Reed College and a Ph.D. in English from the Graduate Center at City University of New York.	Lisa Nakamura	Reed College
educated at	After attending a Boston grammar school and Phillips Academy at Andover, Nathaniel Parker Willis entered Yale College in October 1823 where he roomed with Horace Bushnell.	Nathaniel Parker Willis	Phillips Academy
educated at	Honorary Doctorate of Science in Education, Northeastern University, 1969 Honorary Doctor of Pedagogy, Bryant University, 1969 Honorary Doctorate of Laws, Indiana University,1974 North Carolina Award for Public Service,1977 Elizabeth Duncan Koontz Elementary School, which opened in 2006 in Salisbury, is named in her honor.	Elizabeth Duncan Koontz	Indiana University
educated at	Samira Rathod attended the Sir J. J. College of Architecture in Mumbai and graduated in 1986.	Samira Rathod	Sir J. J. College of Architecture
educated at	Thomas Good (aka Thomas Goode, 1609 -- 9 April 1678) was an English academic and clergyman, and Master of Balliol College, Oxford.	Thomas Good	Balliol College
educated at	Michael Kooman graduated from Carnegie Mellon University in 2006 where he met collaborator, Dimond.	Michael Kooman	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	Adam Hauck studied creative writing at San Diego State University, and briefly pursued a career in journalism before moving to Los Angeles to work in television and film production.	Adam Hauck	San Diego State University
educated at	Xavier de Villepin graduated from the renowned French business school HEC Paris in 1949 and later from the Harvard Business School.	Xavier de Villepin	HEC Paris	Harvard Business School
educated at	Ritchie Girvan (1877 -- c. 1958) was a Scottish literary scholar, author, and academic; throughout his career he was associated with the University of Glasgow, where he made his name studying the Old English poem Beowulf.	Ritchie Girvan	University of Glasgow
educated at	Taisiya Sergeevna Osintseva (another spelling: Taisiya Sergeyevna Osintseva; Russian: Таисия Сергеевна Осинцева) (October 9, 1923 -- November 17, 2008) was a Russian Professor of Neurology, The Honored Scientist of Russia, and The Honorary Professor of the Izhevsk State Medical Academy.	Taisiya Sergeevna Osintseva	Izhevsk State Medical Academy
educated at	Charles Taylor took a great interest in Solomon Schechter's work in Cairo, and the genizah fragments presented to the University of Cambridge are known as the Taylor-Schechter Collection.	Solomon Schechter	University of Cambridge
educated at	Born in the Indian sub-continent, Dilip Hiro was educated in India, Britain and America, where he received a Master's degree at Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University.	Dilip Hiro	Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University
employer	Emal Pasarly is the multimedia editor for the BBC Pashto-Persian service and regularly contributes to BBC World News.	Emal Pasarly	BBC
employer	Dr. Claude Crépeau is a professor in the School of Computer Science at McGill University.	Claude Crépeau	McGill University
employer	Mats Alvesson, (born 1956), is a Swedish management scholar and Professor of Business Administration at Lund University, particularly known for having made key contributions in forming the field of critical management studies.	Mats Alvesson	Lund University
employer	Lorna Crozier (born 24 May 1948 in Swift Current, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian poet and holds the Head Chair in the Writing Department at the University of Victoria.	Lorna Crozier	University of Victoria
employer	Miles Coolidge (born 1963, Montreal, Canada) is a Canadian-American photographic artist and art-educator who currently teaches as a professor at the University of California, Irvine.	Miles Coolidge	University of California, Irvine
founder	Lucasfilm was founded by filmmaker George Lucas in 1971 in San Rafael, California; most of the company's operations were moved to San Francisco in 2005.	Lucasfilm	George Lucas
founder	Mashable (Mashable Inc.) is a digital media website founded by Pete Cashmore in 2005.	Mashable	Pete Cashmore
founder	Fishermen's Mission was founded originally as ``The National Mission to Deep Sea Fishermen'' by Ebenezer Joseph Mather in 1881.	Fishermen's Mission	Ebenezer Joseph Mather
founder	Omar Bakri Muhammad and Anjem Choudary are known to have led Al-Muhajiroun.	Al-Muhajiroun	Omar Bakri Muhammad	Anjem Choudary
founder	MJP Architects is an employee-owned British architectural practice established in 1972 by Sir Richard MacCormac, and based in Spitalfields, London.	MJP Architects	Richard MacCormac
founder	Beginner Books is the Random House imprint for young children ages 3--9, co-founded by Phyllis Cerf with Ted Geisel, more often known as Dr. Seuss, and his wife Helen Palmer Geisel.	Beginner Books	Dr. Seuss	Helen Palmer Geisel
founder	Innovations for Poverty Action is an American non-profit organization founded in 2002 by Yale economist Dean Karlan.	Innovations for Poverty Action	Dean Karlan
founder	The statue of Gregory of Nin by Ivan Meštrović in Split is a heavily trafficked tourist site in the town, which the toe of the statue shows.	Gregory of Nin	Ivan Meštrović
founder	Miljonlotteriet is a Swedish lottery company owned by IOGT-NTO, and incorporated in 1964.	Miljonlotteriet	IOGT-NTO
founder	Invesco Perpetual was originally founded by Sir Martyn Arbib as Perpetual.	Invesco Perpetual	Martyn Arbib
founder	Color of Change was co-founded in 2005 by James Rucker and Van Jones to replicate the MoveOn.org email list model among African American Internet users.	Color of Change	James Rucker
founder	Kickstarter launched on April 28, 2009, by Perry Chen, Yancey Strickler, and Charles Adler.	Kickstarter	Perry Chen
founder	Saks Fifth Avenue is the successor of a business founded by Andrew Saks in 1867 and incorporated in New York in 1902 as Saks & Company.	Saks Fifth Avenue	Andrew Saks
founder	Durtro was a British independent record label established by the British poet, singer, songwriter, and visual artist David Tibet in 1988, to publish his own work and that of fellow friends and musicians.	Durtro	David Tibet
founder	The Deseret Management Corporation (DMC) (i/dɛz.əˈrɛt./) is a management and holding company of for-profit businesses owned by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Deseret Management Corporation	The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
founder	International Children's Book Day (ICBD) is a yearly event sponsored by the International Board on Books for Young People (IBBY), an international non-profit organization.	International Children's Book Day	International Board on Books for Young People
founder	The Institut industriel du Nord (IDN) is the engineering school and research institute at École Centrale de Lille from 1872 to 1991, within the campus of the Lille University of Science and Technology (France).	Institut industriel du Nord	Lille
founder	Animals Australia formed in 1980, originally as the Australian Federation of Animal Societies, founded by Peter Singer and Christine Townend.	Animals Australia	Peter Singer
founder	The journal Revue de synthèse was created by Henri Berr in 1900 under the title Revue de synthèse historique.	Revue de synthèse	Henri Berr
founder	Established in 2004 by eBay founder Pierre Omidyar and his wife Pam, Omidyar Network reports it has committed more than $780 million to nonprofit organizations and for-profit companies across multiple investment areas, including Consumer Internet & Mobile, Education, Financial Inclusion, Governance & Citizen Engagement, and Property Rights.	Omidyar Network	Pierre Omidyar
founder	The Stiftung Nordhav (Nordhav-Stiftung or Nordhav Foundation) was a front organization of the Sicherheitsdienst founded in 1939 by Reinhard Heydrich to obtain and manage real estate for the SS.	Stiftung Nordhav	Reinhard Heydrich
founder	Smile Angel Foundation (Chinese: 嫣然天使基金; pinyin: Yānrán Tiānshǐ Jījīn; sometimes Yanran Angel Foundation) is a Beijing-based charity founded in 2006 by Faye Wong and Li Yapeng to help Chinese children born with clefts.	Smile Angel Foundation	Li Yapeng
founder	Rue89 was co-founded by Pierre Haski, Pascal Riché, Arnaud Aubron, Michel Lévy-Provençal, and Laurent Mauriac.	Rue89	Michel Lévy-Provençal
founder	Emerson was established in 1890 in St. Louis, Missouri as Emerson Electric Manufacturing Co. by Civil War Union veteran John Wesley Emerson to manufacture electric motors using a patent owned by the Scottish-born brothers Charles and Alexander Meston.	Emerson Electric	John Wesley Emerson
founder	The company was founded on January 25, 1964, as Blue Ribbon Sports, by Bill Bowerman and Phil Knight, and officially became Nike, Inc. on May 30, 1971.	Nike, Inc.	Bill Bowerman	Phil Knight
founder	The city of Joensuu, which was founded by the Czar Nicholas I of Russia in 1848, is the regional centre and the capital of North Karelia.	Joensuu	Nicholas I of Russia
founder	Kung Fu Records is an American independent record label founded in 1996 by Joe Escalante and Warren Fitzgerald of the punk rock band The Vandals.	Kung Fu Records	The Vandals
founder	BlueVoice.org is an ocean conservation organization founded in 2000 by Hardy Jones and Ted Danson.	BlueVoice.org	Hardy Jones
founder	Enterprise Rent-A-Car was established in St. Louis, Missouri in 1957 by Jack C. Taylor.	Enterprise Rent-A-Car	Jack C. Taylor
founder	In 1983 Martin Alper, Frank Herman, Terry Medway and Alan Sharam founded the computer game publishing company Mastertronic.	Mastertronic	Martin Alper
founder	In 2010, Apple Corps ranked number 2 on the Fast Company magazine's list of the world's most innovative companies in the music industry, thanks to the release of The Beatles:	Apple Corps	The Beatles
founder	Aftermath Entertainment is an American record label founded by hip hop artist and producer Dr. Dre.	Aftermath Entertainment	Dr. Dre
founder	Tooncan was an animation studio based in Montreal, Quebec founded by Paul Cadieux.	Tooncan	Paul Cadieux
founder	After his death in 1981 his longtime life partner Stefanie Powers, and Don and Iris Hunt created the William Holden Wildlife Foundation as a fulfillment of his desires and as a tribute to his dedication.	William Holden Wildlife Foundation	Stefanie Powers
founder	Intesa Sanpaolo is a banking group resulting from the merger between Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI based in Torre Intesa Sanpaolo, Turin, Italy.	Intesa Sanpaolo	Banca Intesa
founder	Focus on the Family (FOTF or FotF) is an American Christian conservative organization founded in 1977 by psychologist James Dobson, based in Colorado Springs, Colorado.	Focus on the Family	James Dobson
founder	Hayden, Stone & Co. was a major securities firm founded in 1892 by Charles Hayden and Galen L. Stone.	Hayden, Stone & Co.	Charles Hayden	Galen L. Stone
founder	ERE Informatique was one of the first French video game companies, founded in 1981 by Philippe Ulrich and Emmanuel Viau.	ERE Informatique	Emmanuel Viau
founder	International Migrants Day is an international day observed on 18 December as International Migrants Day appointed by the General Assembly of United Nations on 4 December 2000 taking into account the large and increasing number of migrants in the world.	International Migrants Day	United Nations
founder	Founded in 2011 by Gareth Nelson and Charlie Shrem, BitInstant provided a means to rapidly pay traditional funds to bitcoin exchanges.	BitInstant	Charlie Shrem
founder	Space Studies Institute is a non-profit organization that was founded in 1977 by the late Princeton University Professor Dr. Gerard K. O'Neill.	Space Studies Institute	Gerard K. O'Neill
founder	The Budget League was a British pressure group formed in 1909 by Winston Churchill to publicly campaign in favour of David Lloyd George's People's Budget in reaction to the activities of the Budget Protest League.	Budget League	Winston Churchill
founder	Original Film is an American film production company founded by Neal H. Moritz.	Original Film	Neal H. Moritz
founder	Originating in the Sinn Féin organisation founded in 1905 by Arthur Griffith, it took its current form in 1970 after a split within the party (the other party became the Workers' Party of Ireland), and has been historically associated with the IRA.	Sinn Féin	Arthur Griffith
instrument	Sun Ra (born Herman Poole Blount, legal name Le Sony'r Ra; May 22, 1914 -- May 30, 1993) was an American jazz composer, bandleader, piano and synthesizer player, poet and philosopher known for his experimental music, ``cosmic philosophy,'' prolific output, and theatrical performances.	Sun Ra	piano
instrument	Ole Jørn Myklebust (born 30 April 1977 in Eidsdal, Western Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (trumpet, flugelhorn and vocals), educated at the Norges Musikkhøgskole.	Ole Jørn Myklebust	trumpet
instrument	Claire Schapira studied piano, harpsichord, musical theater and composition, graduating from the Schola Cantorum.	Claire Schapira	piano	harpsichord
instrument	Clarence Remus Wilson was a Rosine, Kentucky farmer who also played the fiddle and five-string banjo.	Clarence Remus Wilson	banjo
instrument	Alfred Genovese (April 25, 1931 -- March 11, 2011) was principal oboe of both the Boston Symphony Orchestra and the Metropolitan Opera Orchestra.	Alfred Genovese	oboe
languages spoken or written	Eugen Barbu (Romanian pronunciation: (e.uˈd͡ʒen ˈbarbu); 20 February 1924 -- 7 September 1993) was a Romanian modern novelist, short story writer, journalist, and correspondent member of the Romanian Academy.	Eugen Barbu	Romanian
languages spoken or written	Étienne-Louis Boullée (February 12, 1728 -- February 4, 1799) was a visionary French neoclassical architect whose work greatly influenced contemporary architects.	Étienne-Louis Boullée	French
languages spoken or written	Philippe Morillon (born 24 October 1935 in Casablanca, Morocco) is a former French general and was a Member of the European Parliament until 2009.	Philippe Morillon	French
languages spoken or written	Charles Abraham Chasselat, a French historical painter, was the son of Pierre Chasselat.	Charles Abraham Chasselat	French
languages spoken or written	Vicente Alberti y Vidal (Mahón, 1786 -- 1859) was a Spanish writer.	Vicente Alberti y Vidal	Spanish
licensed to broadcast to	WWNR is a News/Talk/Sports formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Beckley, West Virginia, serving Beckley and Oak Hill in West Virginia.	WWNR	Beckley
licensed to broadcast to	CHRI-FM is a Canadian non-profit, charity-status and commercial radio station, which broadcasts at 99.1 FM in Ottawa, Ontario.	CHRI-FM	Ottawa
licensed to broadcast to	WDXQ (1440 AM) is a radio station licensed to Cochran, Georgia, USA.	WDXQ	Cochran, Georgia
licensed to broadcast to	VOCM-FM is a Canadian radio station broadcasting at 97.5 MHz from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador.	VOCM-FM	St. John
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Hallie, Wisconsin, WWIB serves the Eau Claire - Chippewa Falls area.	WWIB	Hallie
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Lothian (Scots: Aest Lowden, Scottish Gaelic: Lodainn an Ear), is one of the 32 council areas of Scotland, and a lieutenancy area.	East Lothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clogherhead (Irish: Ceann Chlochair) is a fishing village in County Louth, Ireland.	Clogherhead	County Louth
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barroquinha is a community in the Brazilian state of Ceará.	Barroquinha	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pęczków (ˈpɛnt͡ʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pęczków	Gmina Środa Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smailholm Tower is a peel tower at Smailholm, around five miles (8 km) west of Kelso in the Scottish Borders.	Smailholm Tower	Scottish Borders
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 69 was a bolt-action .22 caliber repeating rifle first produced in 1935 by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company.	Winchester Model 69	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
manufacturer	The Robotron KC 87, fully known as the Kleincomputer robotron KC 87 (KC standing for Kleincomputer, lit. ``small computer''), was an 8-bit home computer released in 1987 and produced in East Germany by the VEB Robotron-Meßelektronik ``Otto Schön'' Dresden, part of the Kombinat Robotron.	Robotron KC 87	VEB Robotron
manufacturer	The DKW Junior was a small front wheel drive saloon manufactured by Auto Union AG. The car received a positive reaction when first exhibited, initially badged as the DKW 600, at the Frankfurt Motor Show in March 1957.	DKW Junior	Auto Union
manufacturer	The Expeditionary tank was later solicited to other nations by Teledyne and later General Dynamics but was never bought.	Expeditionary tank	General Dynamics
manufacturer	The SNCF TGV 2N2 or Euroduplex is a high speed TGV train built by Alstom and operated by SNCF, the French national railway company and ONCF, the Moroccan national railway company.	Euroduplex	Alstom
manufacturer	The Lightning GT is a battery-electric sports car under development by the Lightning Car Company, in Coventry and due for release at the end of 2015.	Lightning GT	Lightning Car Company
manufacturer	The Continental O-520 is a six-cylinder, horizontally opposed aircraft engine produced by Teledyne Continental Motors.	Continental O-520	Continental Motors
manufacturer	The BYD F0, formerly known as BYD F1, is an unlicensed copy of the small Supermini Toyota Aygo by Chinese automaker BYD Auto, according to European Courts.	BYD F0	BYD Auto
manufacturer	German submarine U-196 was a Type IXD2 U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 10 June 1941 at the AG Weser yard in Bremen, launched on 24 April 1942, and commissioned on 11 September 1942 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Eitel-Friedrich Kentrat.	German submarine U-196	AG Weser
manufacturer	The RL10 was first tested on the ground in 1959, at Pratt and Whitney's Florida Research and Development Center in West Palm Beach, Florida.	RL10	Pratt and Whitney
manufacturer	The Hyundai Mighty II (hangul:현대 마이티 투, 현대 마이티 II) is a line of light-duty commercial vehicle by Hyundai Motor Company.	Hyundai Mighty II	Hyundai Motor Company
manufacturer	General Motors and Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC) established a joint venture in 1997 called Shanghai General Motors Company Limited (Chinese: 上海通用汽車有限公司) and began assembling the Buick Regal (Chinese: 别克君威) in Shanghai, China in 1999.	Buick Regal	General Motors
manufacturer	HMS Poseidon (P99) was a Parthian-class submarine designed and built by Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering in Barrow-in-Furness for the Royal Navy, launched on 22 August 1929.	HMS Poseidon (P99)	Vickers Shipbuilding and Engineering
manufacturer	The D&RGW K-27 class are 3 foot narrow gauge, Mikado type, 2-8-2 steam railway locomotives built for the Denver and Rio Grande Railroad by the Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1903.	D&RGW K-27	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	AC Ace is a car which was produced by AC Cars of Thames Ditton, England, from 1953 to 1963.	AC Ace	AC Cars
manufacturer	The Remington Rolling Block rifle was a breech-loading rifle produced from the mid-1860s into the early 20th century by E. Remington and Sons (later Remington Arms Company).	Remington Rolling Block rifle	Remington Arms
manufacturer	New Hope & Ivyland 40 is a 2-8-0 Consolidation type steam locomotive built in 1925 by the Baldwin Locomotive Works for the Lancaster and Chester Railroad.	New Hope & Ivyland 40	Baldwin Locomotive Works
manufacturer	LMS diesel shunter 7058 was based on an earlier Armstrong Whitworth prototype of 1932, which had been tested by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway.	LMS diesel shunter 7058	Armstrong Whitworth
manufacturer	The General Electric GAU-13/A is a 30 mm electric Gatling-type rotary cannon derived from the GAU-8 Avenger cannon.	GAU-13	General Electric
manufacturer	A Spalding Hi-Bounce Ball, often called a Spaldeen, is a small rubber ball, somewhat similar to a racquetball, and supposedly made from the defective core of a tennis ball without the felt.	Spaldeen	Spalding
manufacturer	Emerson Electric's AN/APQ-153 was an I band radar system developed for the Northrop F-5E fighter aircraft.	AN/APQ-153	Emerson Electric
manufacturer	The Winchester Model 1911 SL Shotgun was a self-loading, recoil-operated shotgun produced by the Winchester Repeating Arms Company from 1911 to 1925.	Winchester Model 1911	Winchester Repeating Arms Company
manufacturer	The Zastava Master FLG is a 9mm submachine gun developed by Zastava Arms in the early 1990s in Yugoslavia.	Zastava Master FLG	Zastava Arms
manufacturer	The Sigma DP3 Merrill is a high-end compact digital camera made by Sigma Corporation.	Sigma DP3 Merrill	Sigma Corporation
manufacturer	The National Corvette Homecoming is an annual event held in Bowling Green, Kentucky celebrating America's production sports car, the Chevrolet Corvette.	National Corvette Homecoming	Chevrolet
manufacturer	The Bücker Bü 181 Bestmann was a two-seater, single-engine aerobatic monoplane aircraft built by Bücker Flugzeugbau GmbH in Rangsdorf, near Berlin and extensively used by the Luftwaffe in World War II.	Bücker Bü 181	Bücker Flugzeugbau
manufacturer	The RD-0110R engines is produced on the Voronezh Mechanical Plant.	RD-0110R	Voronezh Mechanical Plant
manufacturer	The RD-170 (РД-170, Ракетный Двигатель-170, Rocket Engine-170) is the world's most powerful liquid-fuel rocket engine, designed and produced in the Soviet Union by NPO Energomash for use with the Energia launch vehicle.	RD-170	NPO Energomash
manufacturer	SS Príncipe Perfeito was passenger ship built in 1961 by Swan Hunter on the River Tyne.	SS Príncipe Perfeito	Swan Hunter
manufacturer	The GP2X Wiz is a handheld game console and portable media player developed by South Korean company GamePark Holdings running a Linux kernel-based embedded operating system.	GP2X Wiz	GamePark Holdings
manufacturer	The LCM-1E is a class of amphibious mechanized landing craft manufactured by Navantia at their factory in San Fernando.	LCM-1E	Navantia
manufacturer	HMS H49 was a British H-class submarine built by William Beardmore and Company, Dalmuir.	HMS H49	William Beardmore and Company
manufacturer	The Lightweight Multirole Missile (LMM; previously known as FASGW(L)) is a lightweight air-to-surface and surface-to-surface missile under development by Thales Air Defence for the United Kingdom.	Lightweight Multirole Missile	Thales Air Defence
manufacturer	The FIRESTRIKE (also known as JHPSSL) laser, introduced by Northrop Grumman on November 13, 2008, is purportedly the first combat-ready solid-state laser weapon.	FIRESTRIKE	Northrop Grumman
manufacturer	Camaro Cup, officially the Camaro Cup 2000, is a Swedish-based stock car racing series using Chevrolet Camaro Z28s.	Camaro Cup	Chevrolet
manufacturer	The Canon EOS-1D X is a professional digital SLR camera body by Canon Inc. It succeeded the company's previous flagship Canon EOS-1Ds Mark III and the Canon EOS-1D Mark IV. It was announced on 18 October 2011.	Canon EOS-1D X	Canon Inc.
manufacturer	The Brilliance BC3 is a sport compact sized coupé produced by the Brilliance Auto in the People's Republic of China.	Brilliance BC3	Brilliance Auto
manufacturer	The AAM-A-1 Firebird was an early American air-to-air missile, developed by the Ryan Aeronautical Company.	AAM-A-1 Firebird	Ryan Aeronautical
manufacturer	Beagle Bag is a collection of video games for the Apple II family of computers published in 1982 by Beagle Bros Software.	Beagle Bag	Beagle Bros
manufacturer	The Tupolev Tu-204 is a twin-engined medium-range jet airliner capable of carrying 210 passengers, designed by Tupolev and produced by Aviastar SP and Kazan Aircraft Production Association.	Tupolev Tu-204	Aviastar SP	Kazan Aircraft Production Association
manufacturer	HMS H24 was a British H class submarine built by Vickers Limited, Barrow-in-Furness, as part of the Batch 3 H class submarines.	HMS H24	Vickers Limited
member of political party	Leo Varadkar (born 18 January 1979) is an Irish Fine Gael politician, and the Minister for Health since 2014.	Leo Varadkar	Fine Gael
member of political party	Pongsapat Pongcharoen (Thai: พงศพัศ พงษ์เจริญ) was the Deputy Commissioner-General of the Royal Thai Police and 2013 Bangkok gubernatorial candidate for Pheu Thai Party.	Pongsapat Pongcharoen	Pheu Thai Party
member of political party	Charles Morgan Norwood (1825 -- 24 April 1891) was an English steam ship owner and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1865 to 1885.	Charles Morgan Norwood	Liberal Party
member of political party	Gordon Macdonald, 1st Baron Macdonald of Gwaenysgor, PC (27 May 1888 -- 20 January 1966) was a British Labour Party politician and Newfoundland's final British governor as well as the last chairman of the Commission of Government serving from 1946 until the colony joined Confederation in 1949 and became a province of Canada.	Gordon Macdonald, 1st Baron Macdonald of Gwaenysgor	Labour Party
member of political party	Bongi Sithole is a member of the African National Congress and former mayor of Umgungundlovu District Municipality.	Bongi Sithole	African National Congress
member of sports team	Paul Pageau (born October 1, 1959) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the Los Angeles Kings during the 1980--81 NHL season.	Paul Pageau	Los Angeles Kings
member of sports team	Viktor Claesson (born 2 January 1992) is a Swedish international footballer playing for IF Elfsborg.	Viktor Claesson	IF Elfsborg
member of sports team	Jiří Pavlenka (born 14 April 1992) is a Czech football player who plays for FC Baník Ostrava.	Jiří Pavlenka	FC Baník Ostrava
member of sports team	Stephen Wagner (born January 17, 1977) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons for the Wichita Thunder in the Central Hockey League (CHL).	Stephen Wagner	Wichita Thunder
member of sports team	Joe Wardle (born 22 September 1991) is a professional rugby league player who is currently contracted to the Huddersfield Giants of Super League.	Joe Wardle	Huddersfield Giants
member of sports team	Ander Murillo García (born 26 July 1983) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club AEK Larnaca F.C. as a defender.	Ander Murillo	AEK Larnaca F.C.
member of sports team	George Bunter is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1940s, playing at representative level for England, and at club level for Broughton Rangers, and Dewsbury (guest), as a Second-row, i.e. number 11 or 12, during the era of contested scrums.	George Bunter	Broughton Rangers
member of sports team	In 1997, he played for the Baltimore Bays As of 2007, he is the President of the Todd Hicks Pro Soccer Academy in Carroll County, Maryland and York County, Pennsylvania.	Todd Hicks	Baltimore Bays
member of sports team	Thomas Holbein (born March 6, 1983 in Belfort) is a French professional footballer, who currently plays in the Championnat de France amateur 2 for AS Illzach Modenheim.	Thomas Holbein	AS Illzach Modenheim
member of sports team	Chad Owens (born April 3, 1982) is a professional American, Canadian and Arena football wide receiver and kick returner for the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Chad Owens	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Fred Spiksley (25 January 1870, Gainsborough -- 28 July 1948, Goodwood) was an English footballer and coach, who played as a forward for Sheffield Wednesday F.C. and England.	Fred Spiksley	Sheffield Wednesday F.C.
member of sports team	Tariq Chihab (Arabic: طارق شهاب‎, born 22 November 1975) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays for FC Sion and the Morocco national football team.	Tariq Chihab	FC Sion
member of sports team	Aditya Putra Dewa (born in Indonesia, June 11, 1990) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSM Makassar in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder.	Aditya Putra Dewa	PSM Makassar
member of sports team	Mihajlo Stanković (born 5 June 1993) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów, U19 European Champion 2011, U19 World Champion 2011.	Mihajlo Stanković	Skra Bełchatów
member of sports team	Kostas Stavrothanasopoulos (Greek: Κώστας Σταυροθανασόπουλος, born 6 February 1992) is a Greek footballer, who plays for Akropolis IF in Sweden as an attacking midfielder/forward.	Kostas Stavrothanasopoulos	Akropolis IF
member of sports team	Graham Campbell (born 22 July 1936) was an Australian rules footballer who played 151 games for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League from 1956 until 1964.	Graham Campbell	Fitzroy Football Club
member of sports team	Steele Sidebottom (born 2 January 1991) is a professional Australian rules football player currently playing for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Steele Sidebottom	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Sean Okoli (born February 3, 1993) is an American professional soccer who last played for New England Revolution in Major League Soccer.	Sean Okoli	New England Revolution
member of sports team	Daniel Haas (born on 1 August 1983 in Erlenbach am Main, West Germany) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for 1. FC Union Berlin.	Daniel Haas	1. FC Union Berlin
member of sports team	Ahmad Sabri Ismail (born 11 May 1963 in Alor Setar, Kedah) is a former Malaysian football goalkeeper who played most notably for Kedah FA and spent a year for Penang FA.	Ahmad Sabri Ismail	Kedah FA
member of sports team	Jamie Fraser (born November 17, 1985 in Sarnia, Ontario) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Vienna Capitals of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Jamie Fraser	Vienna Capitals
member of sports team	Mark Walczak is a former NFL professional Football player who played tight end and long snapper for five NFL seasons for the Indianapolis Colts, Buffalo Bills, Phoenix Cardinals, and San Diego Chargers.	Mark Walczak	Indianapolis Colts	Buffalo Bills	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Jan-André Sievers (born 5 August 1987 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German football player currently playing for SC Fortuna Köln.	Jan-André Sievers	SC Fortuna Köln
member of sports team	Peter Casparsson (born 14 March 1975 in Falun) is a Swedish former professional ice hockey defenceman currently a goaltending coach for Mora IK of the HockeyAllsvenskan He played in the Swedish Elitserien for Leksands IF, Linköpings HC and Malmö IF.	Peter Casparsson	Leksands IF
member of sports team	Yuichi Kubo (久保 裕一, born September 26, 1988) is a Japanese footballer who plays for Fagiano Okayama, as a striker.	Yuichi Kubo	Fagiano Okayama
member of sports team	Said Ali (born October 26, 1980) is a former Canadian-Jordanian forward who began his career in 2004 with Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Pro Select League.	Said Ali	Pittsburgh Riverhounds
member of sports team	Joelson Santos Silva or simply Joelson (born November 19, 1980 in Uruçuca-BA, is a Brazilian attacking midfielder for Villa Nova Atlético Clube.	Joelson Santos Silva	Villa Nova Atlético Clube
member of sports team	Nemanja Đurović (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Ђуровић ; born 20 December 1986) is a Serbian-Bosnian professional football player currently playing in Macedonian club FK Teteks.	Nemanja Đurović	FK Teteks
member of sports team	Jeff Yorga (born October 31, 1981 in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan) was a Canadian Football League offensive lineman for the Toronto Argonauts.	Jeff Yorga	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Charles Laverick (1881 -- after 1906) was an English footballer who made 74 appearances in the Football League playing for Doncaster Rovers and Lincoln City.	Charles Laverick	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Tim Meamber (born October 29, 1962 in Yreka, CA) is a former professional American football linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings in the National Football League.	Tim Meamber	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Rhys Tyler (born 18 September 1992) is an English professional footballer who plays in Germany for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen as a left back.	Rhys Tyler	Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
member of sports team	Tariku Getnet is an Ethiopian professional footballer, who plays as a Goal keeper for Dedebit F.C..	Tariku Getnet	Dedebit
member of sports team	Clifford Brooks, Jr. (born June 21, 1949 in Pineland, Texas) is a former American Football defensive back in the National Football League for the Cleveland Browns, the Philadelphia Eagles, the Buffalo Bills, and the New York Jets.	Clifford Brooks	Cleveland Browns	Philadelphia Eagles	Buffalo Bills	New York Jets
member of sports team	Eric Calder (born July 26, 1963 in Kitchener, Ontario and raised in Waterloo, Ontario) is a retired Canadian ice hockey defenceman who played two games in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals.	Eric Calder	Washington Capitals
member of sports team	Roman Erat (born 12 May 1979 in Třebíč) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC Kometa Brno in the Czech Extraliga.	Roman Erat	HC Kometa Brno
member of sports team	Ihor Kalinin (Russian: Игорь Олегович Калинин -- Igor Olegovich Kalinin; Ukrainian: Ігор Олегович Калінін -- Ihor Olehovych Kalinin; born 11 November 1995 in Kerch, AR Crimea, Ukraine), is a professional Russian football midfielder who played for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ihor Kalinin	FC Zorya Luhansk
member of sports team	Werner Gregoritsch (born March 22, 1958) is an Austrian football manager formerly with Kapfenberger SV, SV Mattersburg and Grazer AK.	Werner Gregoritsch	Grazer AK
member of sports team	Troy Slattery ( 6 August 1973 ) is a retired professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for South Sydney Rabbitohs, Huddersfield Giants, and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, as a Second-row.	Troy Slattery	Huddersfield Giants	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Josep Raich Garriga (August 28, 1913 - 25 July 1988) is a former Spanish footballer of Catalan ethnicity who played for Joventut FC, CE Júpiter and FC Barcelona in Spain and FC Sète and Troyes AC in France.	Josep Raich	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Nikos Tzimogiannis (born 17 November 1987) is a Greek footballer who currently plays in Greek second division for Panegialios F.C..	Nikos Tzimogiannis	Panegialios F.C.
member of sports team	Renāte Fedotova (born 12 December 1996) is a Latvian football striker, who is currently playing for Rīgas FS.	Renāte Fedotova	Rīgas FS
member of sports team	Skerdi Bejzade (born 30 November 1974) is an Albanian football player, who has played for KF Partizani, KS Elbasani and KS Vllaznia in the Albanian Superliga.	Skerdi Bejzade	KS Elbasani
member of sports team	Rodney Bartholomew (born May 21, 1989) is an American professional basketball player last played for the Tulsa 66ers of the NBA D-League.	Rodney Bartholomew	Tulsa 66ers
member of sports team	Sebastian Schuppan (born 18 July 1986 in Lauchhammer, Brandenburg) is a German footballer, who currently plays for Arminia Bielefeld.	Sebastian Schuppan	Arminia Bielefeld
member of sports team	Seven weeks into the 1967/1968 NHL season the St. Louis Blues acquired Red Berenson along with Barclay Plager from the New York Rangers.	Red Berenson	St. Louis Blues
member of sports team	Osnar Noronha Montani (born 17 December 1991) is a Peruvian footballer currently playing for Alianza Lima in the Torneo Descentralizado, as an attacking midfielder or left winger	Osnar Noronha	Alianza Lima
member of sports team	Anders Bäckström (born December 12, 1960) is a former Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who played for Brynäs IF of the Swedish Elitserien.	Anders Bäckström	Brynäs IF
member of sports team	Gary Boughton (born November 16, 1988) is an American soccer player currently playing for Rochester Lancers.	Gary Boughton	Rochester Lancers
member of sports team	Konstantin Čupković (born 2 January 1987) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team and French club Tours VB, medalist of leagues:	Konstantin Čupković	Tours VB
member of sports team	David Jobin (born September 27, 1981) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the SC Bern in Switzerland's National League A (NLA).	David Jobin	SC Bern
member of sports team	Matthew Egan (born 10 July 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Matthew Egan	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Ali Ahmed Mabkhout Mohsen Omaran Alhajeri (Arabic: علي أحمد مبخوت محسن عمران الهاجري‎; born 5 October 1990) known as Ali Mabkhout, is an Emirati professional footballer who plays as a forward for Al Jazira Club and the UAE national team.	Ali Mabkhout	Al Jazira Club
member of sports team	Ladarius Green (born May 29, 1990) is an American football tight end for the San Diego Chargers of the National Football League (NFL).	Ladarius Green	San Diego Chargers
member of sports team	Maksym Ilyuk (Ukrainian: Максим Анатолійович Ілюк, born 10 November 1990 in Krasnoilsk, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a striker on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol.	Maksym Ilyuk	FC Illichivets Mariupol
member of sports team	Claxton Welch (born July 3, 1947 in Portland, Oregon) is a former NFL running back, that played for the Dallas Cowboys, the New Orleans Saints, and the New England Patriots.	Claxton Welch	Dallas Cowboys	New Orleans Saints	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Raúl Bravo Sanfélix (born 14 April 1981) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Greek club Veria F.C. on loan from Aris FC.	Raúl Bravo	Veria F.C.
member of sports team	Albian Muzaqi Mustafa (born 24 November 1994) is a Germany born Dutch professional footballer from Albanian descent who plays as a striker for ASV Geel, on loan from K.R.C. Genk.	Albian Muzaqi	K.R.C. Genk
member of sports team	Ian Talbot (born 24 January 1977), is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Wigan Warriors, Wakefield Trinity Wildcats, and Dewsbury Rams, as a Hooker.	Ian Talbot	Wigan Warriors	Wakefield Trinity Wildcats
member of sports team	Jaroslav Kentoš (born 14 May 1974) is a former football player from Slovakia and former manager of MŠK Žilina B. He spent successful period of coaching as a manager of ŽP Šport Podbrezová.	Jaroslav Kentoš	MŠK Žilina
member of sports team	Marcel Landers (born 24 August 1984 in Oberhausen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German footballer who plays for Rot-Weiß Oberhausen II. He made his debut on the professional league level in the 2.	Marcel Landers	Rot-Weiß Oberhausen
member of sports team	Damian Kowalczyk (born 3 August 1995 in Jawor) is a Polish football player who plays as a striker in Zagłębie Lubin.	Damian Kowalczyk	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	João Pedro Guerra Cunha (born 4 May 1986 in Figueira de Castelo Rodrigo, Guarda), known as João Pedro, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Cypriot club Apollon Limassol on loan from S.C. Braga as a midfielder.	João Pedro Guerra Cunha	Apollon Limassol
member of sports team	Filip Despotovski started his career in Macedonia in FK Vardar's youth school, SSK Mladinec, but would sign his first professional contract with Cementarnica 55.	Filip Despotovski	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Vanessa Bernauer (born 23 March 1988) is a Swiss football midfielder, currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in the German Bundesliga.	Vanessa Bernauer	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Barry Pugh is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Barrow Raiders, as a Loose forward/Lock.	Barry Pugh	Barrow Raiders
member of sports team	Bartal Eliasen (born 23 August 1976) is a Faroese international footballer who plays professionally as a defender for ÍF Fuglafjørður.	Bartal Eliasen	ÍF Fuglafjørður
member of sports team	Pāvels Surņins (born 4 August 1985 in Liepāja, Latvia) is a Latvian former professional football midfielder, who spent all his career with FK Liepājas Metalurgs in the Latvian Higher League.	Pāvels Surņins	FK Liepājas Metalurgs
member of sports team	James Bater (born 7 January 1980 in Bridgend, Wales) is a former Welsh rugby union footballer who plays as a flanker for Llanelli Scarlets in the Magners League.	James Bater	Scarlets
member of sports team	Manuel Gourlade (25 October 1872 -- 1 January 1944) was the first manager of S.L. Benfica and one of the driving forces that led to the creation of Sport Lisboa that 4 years later would be known as Sport Lisboa e Benfica.	Manuel Gourlade	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Idan Rubin (Hebrew: עידן רובין‎;born July 2, 1983) is an Israeli footballer formerly playing for Dunaújváros FC.	Idan Rubin	Dunaújváros FC
member of sports team	Paweł Hajduczek (born November 12, 1982 in Poland) is a Polish football midfielder for ŁKS Łódź.	Paweł Hajduczek	ŁKS Łódź
member of sports team	Lukáš Říha (born March 20, 1981) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays in Poland with TH Unia Oświęcim.	Lukáš Říha	TH Unia Oświęcim
member of sports team	Chase Polacek (born June 19, 1989) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Peoria Rivermen in the American Hockey League.	Chase Polacek	Peoria Rivermen
member of sports team	Keron Cummings (born 28 May 1988), is an international soccer player from Trinidad and Tobago who plays professionally for North East Stars FC as a midfielder.	Keron Cummings	North East Stars
member of sports team	Chris Burkett (born August 21, 1962 in Laurel, Mississippi) is a former professional American football player who was selected by the Buffalo Bills in the 2nd round of the 1985 NFL Draft.	Chris Burkett	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Dhanu Rosadhe (born on June 22, 1989 in Tuban, Tuban Regency, East Java) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persela Lamongan in the Indonesia Super League.	Dhanu Rosadhe	Persela Lamongan
member of sports team	Joseph Clemente (born 8 November 1987 in Goa) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Defender for Sporting Clube de Goa in the I-League.	Joseph Clemente	Sporting Clube de Goa
member of sports team	Satrio Syam is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a defender who plays for Pelita Bandung Raya.	Satrio Syam	Pelita Bandung Raya
member of sports team	Peter Ndlovu (born 25 February 1973) is a former professional Zimbabwe footballer and is currently the Team Manager at Mamelodi Sundowns F.C. an Premier Soccer League club in South Africa.	Peter Ndlovu	Mamelodi Sundowns F.C.
member of sports team	Loïc Loval Landré (born 28 September 1981) is a Guadeloupean footballer who currently plays for US Orléans and the Guadeloupean national team.	Loïc Loval	US Orléans
member of sports team	Selsius Gebze (born August 8, 1985 in Papua) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Indonesian football club Persipura Jayapura.	Selsius Gebze	Persipura Jayapura
member of sports team	Enis Bardhi (born 2 July 1995 in Skopje) is a Macedonian midfield player who currently plays for Újpest FC.	Enis Bardhi	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Craig Millar (born July 12, 1976) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL with the Edmonton Oilers, Nashville Predators, and Tampa Bay Lightning.	Craig Millar	Edmonton Oilers	Nashville Predators	Tampa Bay Lightning
member of sports team	Denis Vasilyevich Polyakov (Russian: Денис Васильевич Поляков; born February 21, 1992) is a Russian football midfielder who plays for FC Pskov-747 Pskov.	Denis Vasilyevich Polyakov	FC Pskov-747 Pskov
member of sports team	Paul Cattier (born 1 May 1986 in Avignon) is a French professional football goalkeeper, who plays currently for Grenoble Foot 38.	Paul Cattier	Grenoble Foot 38
member of sports team	Jaroslav Hrabal (born 8 September 1974) is a retired Slovak footballer who is best known for playing for FC Spartak Trnava.	Jaroslav Hrabal	FC Spartak Trnava
member of sports team	Viktor Uzbek (Ukrainian: Віктор Сергійович Узбек) (born 22 February 1990 in Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football who plays for Moldovan club FC Iskra-Stal.	Viktor Uzbek	FC Iskra-Stal
member of sports team	Malcolm Frank (born November 5, 1968) is a former Canadian Football League defensive back for the Edmonton Eskimos.	Malcolm Frank	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Sara Di Filippo is an Italian football midfielder, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Serie A. She has been a member of the Italian national team, playing the 2005 European Championship.	Sara Di Filippo	UPC Tavagnacco
member of sports team	Brian Ramsay (born February 24, 1980 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a Canadian football offensive lineman who plays for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Brian Ramsay	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Kenja Turaev (born 1 March 1989) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for home town club Nasaf Qarshi which is playing in Uzbek League as a striker.	Kenja Turaev	Nasaf Qarshi
member of sports team	Ricardo Ferreira da Silva (born 31 December 1986) commonly known as Ricardinho or Ricardinho Paraiba, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Santa Tecla F.C. in the Salvadoran Primera División.	Ricardinho Paraiba	Santa Tecla F.C.
member of sports team	Pavol Rybár (born 12 October 1971 in Skalica, Czechoslovakia) was a Slovak professional ice hockey goaltender who played in HC Slovan Bratislava in the Slovak Extraliga.	Pavol Rybár	HC Slovan Bratislava
member of sports team	Benaouda Boudjellal nicknamed Tchengo (born in Relizane, Algeria - died May 16, 2014 in Oran, Algeria) was an Algerian association football player who spent most of his career with USM Oran and MC Oran.	Benaouda Boudjellal	MC Oran
member of sports team	Adam Kokoszka (Polish pronunciation: (ˈadam kɔˈkɔʂka), born 6 October 1986 in Andrychów) is a Polish footballer who plays as a central defender for Śląsk Wrocław.	Adam Kokoszka	Śląsk Wrocław
member of sports team	Chan Cheuk Kwong (Chinese: 陳卓光; Jyutping: can4 coek3 gwong1 ; born 5 December 1984 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong semi-professional footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Southern District RSA as a defensive midfielder, and a center-back on some occasions.	Chan Cheuk Kwong	Southern District RSA
member of sports team	Jeffrey Chad Clifton (born June 26, 1976) is a former American football offensive tackle for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL).	Chad Clifton	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Bert O'Dee (17 July 1896 -- 5 June 1982) was an Australian rules football player at the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bert O'Dee	Fitzroy Football Club
member of sports team	Di You (Chinese: 邸佑; pinyin: Dǐ Yòu; born 26 November 1983) is a Chinese football midfielder who plays for Baoding Yingli Yitong in the China League Two.	Di You	Baoding Yingli Yitong
member of sports team	Brian Fryer (born July 16, 1953) is a retired football player who starred at wide receiver for the University of Alberta, and played professionally for the Washington Redskins of the National Football League and the Edmonton Eskimos and Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League.	Brian Fryer	Washington Redskins	Edmonton Eskimos	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Asher Allen (born January 22, 1988) is a former American football cornerback who played for three seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Minnesota Vikings.	Asher Allen	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Telmo Teixeira-Rebelo (born February 18, 1988) is a Portuguese-German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1. FC Magdeburg.	Telmo Teixeira-Rebelo	1. FC Magdeburg
member of sports team	Thamsanqa Gabuza (born 27 July 1987) is a South African footballer who plays as a striker for Orlando Pirates in the Premier Soccer League.	Thamsanqa Gabuza	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Rhian Davies (born 5 January 1981 in Wales) is an Australian football (soccer) player, who currently plays for Canberra United FC in the Australian W-League.	Rhian Davies	Canberra United FC
member of sports team	Martin Gerber (born 3 September 1974 in Burgdorf, Switzerland) is a Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for the Kloten Flyers in the National League A (NLA).	Martin Gerber	Kloten Flyers
member of sports team	Suat Türker (born 10 March 1976 in Bayburt, Turkey) is a retired Turkish-German football player who last played for Kickers Offenbach II.	Suat Türker	Kickers Offenbach
member of sports team	Sabrina Schmutzler is a German football striker, currently playing for FF USV Jena in the Bundesliga.	Sabrina Schmutzler	FF USV Jena
member of sports team	Riley Milne is an Australian rules footballer who formally played in the Australian Football League for the Hawthorn Football Club and currently (as of 2015) plays for West Adelaide in the SANFL.	Riley Milne	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Olov Lundqvist (born November 23, 1988) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman who plays with Asplöven HC of the Swedish Allsvenskan.	Olov Lundqvist	Asplöven HC
member of sports team	Stefan Bell (born 24 August 1991) is a German footballer who plays as a centre back for 1. FSV Mainz 05 in the Bundesliga.	Stefan Bell	1. FSV Mainz 05
member of sports team	Emanuel Crețulescu (born 17 June 1992) is a Romanian football player, currently playing for Unirea Tărlungeni, on loan from FC Brașov.	Emanuel Crețulescu	FC Brașov
member of sports team	Iván Castillejos Toledo (born July 24, 1984 in Toluca) is a Mexican football striker currently playing for Jaibos Tampico Madero in Mexico.	Iván Castillejos	Tampico Madero
member of sports team	Ted Tully (August 8, 1930 -- January 24, 2003) was a linebacker for the Edmonton Eskimos and the BC Lions from 1950 to 1962 of the Canadian Football League.	Ted Tully	Edmonton Eskimos	BC Lions
member of sports team	Dumitru Radu (born 3 March 1988, in Ceadîr-Lunga, Moldavian SSR) is a Moldavian football Goalkeeper who plays for FC Saxan.	Dumitru Radu	FC Saxan
member of sports team	Cédric Bardon (born 15 October 1976) is a former French footballer who last played for Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël.	Cédric Bardon	Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël
member of sports team	Víctor Curto Ortiz (born 17 June 1982 in Tortosa, Tarragona, Catalonia) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a forward.	Víctor Curto	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Dominic Roussel (born February 22, 1970) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played eight seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Winnipeg Jets, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Edmonton Oilers.	Dominic Roussel	Philadelphia Flyers	Winnipeg Jets	Edmonton Oilers
member of sports team	Matthew Lokan (born 20 November 1982) is an Australian rules footballer who has played for Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) and Port Adelaide Magpies in the South Australian National Football League.	Matthew Lokan	Collingwood Football Club
member of sports team	Goran Stankovski (Macedonian: Горан Станковски; born 20 November 1976 in Skopje, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian former football striker who last played for FK Shkupi in the Second Macedonian Football League.	Goran Stankovski	FK Shkupi
member of sports team	Hélder Esteves (born 1 July 1977 in Bragança) is a Portuguese football striker currently playing for US Créteil-Lusitanos.	Hélder Esteves	US Créteil-Lusitanos
member of sports team	Matthew Kreuzer (born 13 May 1989) is an Australian rules footballer for the Carlton Football Club.	Matthew Kreuzer	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	José Ángel Blanco Hevia, simply known as José Ángel (born 26 January 1985), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Marino de Luanco, as a defender.	José Ángel Blanco Hevia	Marino de Luanco
member of sports team	Dmitri Kagarlitsky (born 1 August 1989) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for Severstal Cherepovets of the Kontinental Hockey League	Dmitri Kagarlitsky	Severstal Cherepovets
member of sports team	Michael Busto (born June 20, 1986 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman for Ducs d'Angers of the French Ligue Magnus.	Michael Busto	Ducs d'Angers
member of sports team	William Chase Daniel (born October 7, 1986) is an American football quarterback for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League.	Chase Daniel	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Riley Matheson (December 12, 1914 - June, 1987) was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for ten seasons for the Cleveland Rams, the Detroit Lions, the Los Angeles Rams, and the San Francisco 49ers.	Riley Matheson	Detroit Lions	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Hallur Hansson (born 8 July 1992) is a Faroese professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division club Vendsyssel FF. Before that he played one season for Víkingur Gøta.	Hallur Hansson	Víkingur Gøta
member of sports team	Muhamad Zamri Chin (born on 22 May 1985) is a Malaysian footballer who is a striker for Penang FA.	Muhamad Zamri Chin	Penang FA
member of sports team	Antonio Sastre (April 27, 1911 -- November 23, 1987) was an Argentine footballer who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente and São Paulo of Brazil.	Antonio Sastre	Club Atlético Independiente
member of sports team	Billy Joe Gibson (June 28, 1919 -- October 19, 2002) was an American football defensive back and end in the National Football League for the Cleveland Rams (1942, 1944) and the Washington Redskins (1943).	Joe Gibson	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Kirill Kabanov (born July 16, 1992) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward, currently playing with Salavat Yulaev Ufa of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Kirill Kabanov	Salavat Yulaev Ufa
member of sports team	In July 2011, after only six league goals for Xerez in two seasons combined, including three in the 2009--10 campaign in an immediate relegation back from the top flight, 33-year-old Antoñito signed for CD Atlético Baleares in division three.	Antoñito	CD Atlético Baleares
member of sports team	Marcus Coleman (born May 24, 1974) is a former American football defensive back in the National Football League, who played for the New York Jets, Houston Texans and the Dallas Cowboys.	Marcus Coleman	New York Jets	Houston Texans	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	George Arnett (born c. 1928) was a Canadian football player who played for the Toronto Argonauts, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, and Ottawa Rough Riders.	George Arnett	Ottawa Rough Riders
member of sports team	Joe Barry Carroll played his last NBA season for the Phoenix Suns.	Joe Barry Carroll	Phoenix Suns
member of sports team	Max Edwards (born in 29 November 1990 in Feltham, London, England), is a former English rugby league player for London Broncos in the European Super League competition.	Max Edwards	London Broncos
member of sports team	Theophilus Annorbaah (born 17 September 1989) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays for Medeama SC and the Ghana national football team.	Theophilus Annorbaah	Medeama SC
member of sports team	Jeff Fields (born July 3, 1967) is a former professional football player who played two games as a defensive tackle with the National Football League's Carolina Panthers.	Jeff Fields	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Rashed Al-Mugren (born January 1, 1977) is a Saudi Arabian soccer player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Al Hazm.	Rashed Al-Mugren	Al Hazm
member of sports team	Jorge Diaz (born November 15, 1973 in New York, New York) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the Dallas Cowboys.	Jorge Diaz	Tampa Bay Buccaneers	Dallas Cowboys
member of sports team	Markus Kankaanperä (born April 27, 1980) is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman, currently with Tappara in SM-liiga.	Markus Kankaanperä	Tappara
member of sports team	Torrey Davis (born September 24, 1988) is an American football defensive tackle who played for the Calgary Stampeders, Hamilton Tiger-Cats and Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL).	Torrey Davis	Calgary Stampeders	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Kim Book (born 12 February 1946 in Bath) was a professional goalkeeper with Bournemouth, Northampton Town, Mansfield Town and Doncaster Rovers (84 league games).	Kim Book	Doncaster Rovers
member of sports team	Henoc Conombo (born June 13, 1986 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé footballer, who is currently playing for SO Chambéry Foot.	Henoc Conombo	Chambéry Foot
member of sports team	Niels Guldbjerg is a Danish retired professional footballer who played in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League for the Detroit Express, Philadelphia Fever, New Jersey Rockets and Buffalo Stallions.	Niels Guldbjerg	Detroit Express
member of sports team	Andrija Balajić (born 22 August 1972) was a Croatian football defender, who last played for NK Varteks.	Andrija Balajić	NK Varteks
member of sports team	George Niven (11 June 1929 -- 17 July 2008) was a Scottish footballer who played during the 1950s and 60s for Rangers and Partick Thistle.	George Niven	Rangers
member of sports team	Despite being out of management for two seasons Xu Hong's ties were strong enough for him to be given the assistant post at Dalian Shide F.C. in 2008 to Milorad Kosanović.	Xu Hong	Dalian Shide F.C.
member of sports team	Yasin Yılmaz (born February 19, 1989) is a Turkish-German footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Unterföhring.	Yasin Yılmaz	FC Unterföhring
member of sports team	Jacob Olesen (born February 1, 1981) is a Danish football striker, who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Viborg FF. He came to Viborg FF from SønderjyskE in January 2006.	Jacob Olesen	Viborg FF
member of sports team	Okechukwu Odita (born October 12, 1983) is a Nigerian football player currently with Enyimba International F.C..	Okechukwu Odita	Enyimba International F.C.
member of sports team	Aleksandar Mitreski (Macedonian: Александар Митрески) (born 5 August 1980 in Ohrid, Yugoslavia) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who last played for Swiss club FC Aarau.	Aleksandar Mitreski	FC Aarau
member of sports team	Chris Sexton (born August 3, 1971 in Cincinnati, Ohio) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Colorado Rockies and the Cincinnati Reds.	Chris Sexton	Colorado Rockies	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Alon Buzorgi (Hebrew: אלון בוזורגי‎, born 29 March 1990) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel F.C. Karmiel Safed.	Alon Buzorgi	Hapoel F.C. Karmiel Safed
member of sports team	Emmanuel Mensah (born 30 June 1994 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce in the Fortuna Liga.	Emmanuel Mensah	MFK Zemplín Michalovce
member of sports team	Miha Goropevšek (born 12 March 1991 in Celje, in the SR Slovenia of the SFR Yugoslavia - in present-day Slovenia) is a professional Slovenian football defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Miha Goropevšek	FC Volyn Lutsk
member of sports team	Wuert Engelmann (also spelled Weert) (February 11, 1908 -- January 1979) was a professional American football player who played running back for four seasons for the Green Bay Packers.	Wuert Engelmann	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Ryan LaCasse (born February 6, 1983) is a former American football linebacker for the Indianapolis Colts, primarily as a special teams player.	Ryan LaCasse	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	Ronald Lengkeek (born 14 September 1960) is a former Dutch footballer who played all of his career for Sparta Rotterdam.	Ronald Lengkeek	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Ross Wardle (born 28 April 1991) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Newport Gwent Dragons regional team as a winger having previously played for Bedwas RFC.	Ross Wardle	Newport Gwent Dragons
member of sports team	Valentín Villazán Castro (born on 12 February 1980 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who currently manages C.A. Rentistas in the Uruguayan Primera División.	Valentín Villazán	C.A. Rentistas
member of sports team	Vlatko Andonovski (born September 14, 1976) is a Macedonian-American soccer manager and currently managing FC Kansas City in the National Women's Soccer League and the Missouri Comets in the Major Arena Soccer League, both in the United States.	Vlatko Andonovski	FC Kansas City
member of sports team	Ville Pokka (born June 3, 1994) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays for the Rockford IceHogs in the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect for the Chicago Blackhawks of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Ville Pokka	Chicago Blackhawks
member of sports team	Donnie Shell (born August 26, 1952 in Whitmire, South Carolina) is a former American Football strong safety for the Pittsburgh Steelers in the National Football League between 1974 and 1987.	Donnie Shell	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Curt Porter (born July 11, 1988 in Fayette, Alabama) was an American football guard in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos.	Curt Porter	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Michel-Pierre Pontbriand (born March 4, 1983) is a Canadian football Fullback for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Michel-Pierre Pontbriand	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Hà Minh Tuấn (born 1 January 1991) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Forward for V-League (Vietnam) club QNK Quảng Nam F.C. and spent five years with former club SHB Da Nang F.C..	Hà Minh Tuấn	SHB Da Nang F.C.
member of sports team	Jarryd Allen (born 14 January 1988) is a former Australian rules footballer for the AFL's St Kilda Football Club.	Jarryd Allen	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Roland Repiský (born 30 May 1990) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club MFK Košice.	Roland Repiský	MFK Košice
member of sports team	George Coghill (born March 3, 1970 in Fredericksburg, Virginia) is a former American football safety for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League and the Scottish Claymores (of the World League).	George Coghill	Denver Broncos	Scottish Claymores
member of sports team	Tim Bergin (born in Abbeyleix), is an Irish rugby league player who has played for the Sheffield Eagles in the Co-operative Championship.	Tim Bergin	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Jharal Yow Yeh (born 22 December 1989) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Brisbane Broncos of the National Rugby League (NRL).	Jharal Yow Yeh	Brisbane Broncos
member of sports team	Sune Sandbring (born 10 April 1928) is a Swedish former footballer who played his entire career at Malmö FF as a defender.	Sune Sandbring	Malmö FF
member of sports team	Krišjānis Rēdlihs (born January 15, 1981) is a Latvian ice hockey player who currently plays as defenceman for Dinamo Riga of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Krišjānis Rēdlihs	Dinamo Riga
member of sports team	Stephen Wojciechowski (born December 25, 1922), also known as Steve Wochy, is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player, who played 54 games for the Detroit Red Wings in the National Hockey League.	Steve Wochy	Detroit Red Wings
member of sports team	Arnór Ingvi Traustason (born 30 April 1993) is an Icelandic professional footballer who plays for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder.	Arnór Ingvi Traustason	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Martin Latka (born 28 September 1984) is a Czech footballer who currently plays as central defender for Fortuna Düsseldorf.	Martin Latka	Fortuna Düsseldorf
member of sports team	Wawrzyniec Cyl (July 2, 1900 -- February 7, 1974) was a Polish footballer (striker or defender) who played all of his career in ŁKS Łódź.	Wawrzyniec Cyl	ŁKS Łódź
member of sports team	Niels Fleuren (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈniɫs ˈflʏː.rə(n)), born 1 November 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a left back for VVV-Venlo.	Niels Fleuren	VVV-Venlo
member of sports team	Károly Czanik (born 13 September 1984 in Komárno) is a Hungarian football (midfielder) player who currently plays for Gyirmót SE.	Károly Czanik	Gyirmót SE
member of sports team	Marco Küntzel (born 22 January 1976 in Ludwigslust) is a German football striker who plays for BC Aichach.	Marco Küntzel	BC Aichach
member of sports team	Anthony Donald Laster (born December 13, 1958) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins and the Detroit Lions.	Donald Laster	Washington Redskins	Detroit Lions
member of sports team	Jakub Voráček (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjakup ˈvoraːtʃɛk);born August 15, 1989) is a Czech professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for the Philadelphia Flyers of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jakub Voráček	Philadelphia Flyers
member of sports team	Matthias Lehmann (born 28 May 1983 in Ulm) is a German football midfielder who plays for 1. FC Köln.	Matthias Lehmann	1. FC Köln
member of sports team	Borislav Mikić (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислав Микић, born 20 December 1975) is a Bosnian Serb footballer playing in First League of the Republika Srpska club FK Rudar Prijedor.	Borislav Mikić	FK Rudar Prijedor
member of sports team	Thiago Quirino da Silva or simply Quirino (born 4 January 1985 in Belo Horizonte) is a Brazilian football striker, who plays for Japanese side Shonan Bellmare.	Thiago Quirino	Shonan Bellmare
member of sports team	Jung Min-woo (Hangul: 정민우; born 1 December 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Suwon FC in K League Challenge.	Jung Min-woo	Suwon FC
member of sports team	Jamie Cording (born 30 December 1989) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Featherstone Rovers.	Jamie Cording	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Marcos Urbina (born April 15, 1985) is a Defender currently playing for the club Monarcas Morelia in the Primera División de México.	Marcos Urbina	Monarcas Morelia
member of sports team	Oscar Ignacio Carrasco Sotelo (born June 30, 1982 in Morelia) is a Mexican football player who plays as a midfielder for Delfines F.C. on loan from Monarcas Morelia.	Ignacio Carrasco	Monarcas Morelia
member of sports team	Lars Krogh Jeppesen (Born 5 March 1979) is a former Danish handball left back, who played for KIF Kolding and previous Danish national team.	Lars Krogh Jeppesen	KIF Kolding
member of sports team	Dave Coggin (October 30, 1976 in Covina, California) is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball who played from 2000 through 2002 for the Philadelphia Phillies.	Dave Coggin	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Klaus Berggreen (born February 3, 1958) is a Danish former football player, who most prominently played for Italian clubs Pisa and A.S. Roma.	Klaus Berggreen	A.S. Roma
member of sports team	Abdoh Baker Bernaoy, a defender playing at Al-Nassr Club in Saudi Arabia.	Abdoh Baker Bernaoy	Al-Nassr
member of sports team	Petter Andersson (born 20 February 1985) is a Swedish footballer who plays FC Midtjylland in the Danish Superliga as a midfielder.	Petter Andersson	FC Midtjylland
member of sports team	Milena Vuković is a Serbian football goalkeeper currently playing for BIIK Kazygurt in the Austrian Bundesliga at SV Neulengbach.	Milena Vuković	BIIK Kazygurt
member of sports team	Wayne Capers (born May 17, 1961 in Miami, Florida) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for four seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Indianapolis Colts.	Wayne Capers	Pittsburgh Steelers	Indianapolis Colts
member of sports team	In January 2012 Christian Nørgaard made a €400K transfer from the Danish side Lyngby BK and signed a three-and-half-year-contract with the German giants Hamburger SV which tied him to the club until the summer 2015.	Christian Nørgaard	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Raoul Ngadrira (born 30 June 1989 in Kinshasa) is a Zaire-born Belgian footballer who plays as a forward for R.E. Virton.	Raoul Ngadrira	R.E. Virton
member of sports team	Frederik Møller (born 8 July 1993) is a Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish 1st Division club AC Horsens.	Frederik Møller	AC Horsens
member of sports team	Borja Navarro Landáburu (born 13 May 1988) is a Spanish footballer who plays for AFC Săgeata Năvodari in Romania, as a central defender.	Borja Navarro Landáburu	AFC Săgeata Năvodari
member of sports team	Niklas Anger (born 14 July 1977) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently with the EHC Basel team in the Swiss National League A.	Niklas Anger	EHC Basel
member of sports team	Szilvia Szeitl (born 26 April 1987 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for 1. FC Femina, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Szilvia Szeitl	1. FC Femina
member of sports team	Cédric Joqueviel (born July 21, 1982 in Montpellier) is a French footballer currently playing at Castelnau Le Crès FC.	Cédric Joqueviel	Castelnau Le Crès FC
member of sports team	Paolo Duca (born 3 June 1981 in Ascona) is a Swiss professional ice hockey player who currently serves as captain of HC Ambrì-Piotta of the Swiss National League A (NLA) and participated in the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Switzerland men's national ice hockey team.	Paolo Duca	HC Ambrì-Piotta
member of sports team	Tobias Pachonik (born 4 January 1995) is a German footballer who plays as a right back for Stuttgarter Kickers on loan from 1.	Tobias Pachonik	Stuttgarter Kickers
member of sports team	Robin Jowitt is a professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s, playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC, Dewsbury Rams, Gateshead Thunder, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Prop.	Robin Jowitt	Gateshead Thunder	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Brian Oliván Herrero (born 1 April 1994) is a Spanish footballer who plays Granada CF B as a left back.	Brian Oliván	Granada CF B
member of sports team	Jérémie Bréchet made his debut in the professional football during the 1998--99 season in the shirt of Olympique Lyonnais.	Jérémie Bréchet	Olympique Lyonnais
member of sports team	Sean Paterson (born 25 March 1987 in Greenock, Inverclyde) is a Scottish semi-professional footballer who is currently playing for Burscough F.C..	Sean Paterson	Burscough F.C.
member of sports team	Ufuk Budak (born 26 May 1990) is an Azerbaijani footballer of Turkish descent, who plays as a defender for Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor.	Ufuk Budak	Gaziantep Büyükşehir Belediyespor
member of sports team	Pero Stojkić (born December 9, 1986 in Mostar, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a football player currently playing for HŠK Zrinjski Mostar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pero Stojkić	HŠK Zrinjski Mostar
member of sports team	Wilfried Tekovi (born 10 October 1989) is a Togolese international footballer who plays professionally as a defender for French side FC Gueugnon.	Wilfried Tekovi	FC Gueugnon
member of sports team	Lars Toborg (born 19 August 1975) is a German football forward, who plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen in 2.	Lars Toborg	Rot Weiss Ahlen
member of sports team	Sandy Fulton made his debut in 1957 for Enniskillen Rangers at the age of 13 years and four months, scoring on his debut in the local derby against Enniskillen Corinthians and proving the old maxim that ``if you are good enough then you are old enough''.	Sandy Fulton	Enniskillen Rangers
member of sports team	Stijn de Looijer (born 31 March 1992) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for JVC Cuijk in the Dutch Topklasse.	Stijn de Looijer	JVC Cuijk
member of sports team	In August 2008 Jofre signed with Rayo Vallecano, freshly promoted to the second level.	Jofre	Rayo Vallecano
member of sports team	William Antonio Torres Cabrera (born May 30, 1981 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran professional football player, who currently plays as a defender for Once Municipal in the Salvadoran Premier Division.	William Antonio Torres	Once Municipal
member of sports team	Mattias Bjärsmyr (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈbjæʂ.ˈmʏr); born 3 January 1986) is a Swedish footballer who plays for IFK Göteborg in Allsvenskan as a defender.	Mattias Bjärsmyr	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Lefty Webb (March 1, 1885 -- January 12, 1958) was a baseball player for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1910.	Lefty Webb	Pittsburgh Pirates
member of sports team	Marni Djurhuus (born 6 September 1985) is a Faroese football defender who currently plays for Faroe Islands Premier League team EB/Streymur.	Marni Djurhuus	EB/Streymur
member of sports team	Mateusz Szymorek (born November 4, 1993 in Bełchatów) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Polish club GKS Bełchatów.	Mateusz Szymorek	GKS Bełchatów
member of sports team	Emmi Alanen (born 30 April 1991) is a Finnish football midfielder and former wrestler who plays for Swedish Damallsvenskan club Umeå IK.	Emmi Alanen	Umeå IK
member of sports team	Trevor Exton (born 8 November 1981) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league player, who played for Sheffield Eagles in England.	Trevor Exton	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Alejandro Meleán Villarroel (born June 16, 1987) is an American-born Bolivian professional football player who currently plays for Oriente Petrolero in the Bolivian Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano.	Alejandro Meleán	Oriente Petrolero
member of sports team	Phí Minh Long (born 11 February 1995) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for V-League (Vietnam) club Hanoi T&T F.C.	Phí Minh Long	Hanoi T&T F.C.
member of sports team	Beau Muston (born 1 March 1987) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2006 to 2010.	Beau Muston	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Antonio Edwards (born March 10, 1970 in Moultrie, Georgia) is a former American football defensive end in the National Football League for the Seattle Seahawks, the New York Giants, the Atlanta Falcons, and the Carolina Panthers.	Antonio Edwards	Seattle Seahawks	New York Giants	Atlanta Falcons	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Caitano Costa (born 27 October 1980) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Salgaocar F.C. in the I-League on loan from Pune.	Caitano Costa	Salgaocar F.C.
member of sports team	Nikki Walker (born 5 March 1982 in Aberdeen) is a former Scotland international rugby union Rugby player who is now a player coach for Hawick RFC, while still contracted to Edinburgh Rugby.	Nikki Walker	Hawick RFC	Edinburgh Rugby
member of sports team	Vladimirs Bespalovs (born 22 June 1988 in Ventspils) is a Latvian professional footballer, who last played for FK Ventspils in the Latvian Higher League.	Vladimirs Bespalovs	FK Ventspils
member of sports team	Volkan Demirel (Turkish: (voɫkan demiɾeɫ); born 27 October 1981,) is a Turkish goalkeeper who plays for the Süper Lig club Fenerbahçe S.K. and is also the goalkeeper for the Turkey national football team.	Volkan Demirel	Fenerbahçe S.K.
member of sports team	Richard Varkulis is a retired British rugby league player whose previous clubs include Warrington Wolves, Widnes Vikings, Halifax and Whitehaven.	Richard Varkulis	Warrington Wolves	Widnes Vikings
member of sports team	Fred Ferdinando Mote or Fred Mote or just called Nando (born November 15, 1989 in Wamena) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Perseru Serui in the Indonesia Super League.	Fred Ferdinando Mote	Perseru Serui
member of sports team	Ian Durrant (born 29 October 1966) is a retired Scottish professional footballer who played for the Scottish clubs Rangers and Kilmarnock, as well as the Scotland national team.	Ian Durrant	Rangers
member of sports team	Gerhard Mostert is a professional rugby union player who plays for Stade Français in the Top 14.	Gerhard Mostert	Stade Français
member of sports team	Eneko Capilla González (born 13 June 1995) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Sociedad as a left winger.	Eneko Capilla	Real Sociedad
member of sports team	Jérémy Maison (born 21 July 1993) is a French road cyclist, currently riding for CC Étupes.	Jérémy Maison	CC Étupes
member of sports team	Luciano Palos (born November 29, 1979 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Santiago Morning of the Primera Division Chilena.	Luciano Palos	Santiago Morning
member of sports team	Supriyono Salimin (born on August 10, 1981) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as full-back for Gresik United and the Indonesia national team.	Supriyono Salimin	Gresik United
member of sports team	Steve Lomasney (born August 29, 1977 in Melrose, Massachusetts, USA) was in the late 1990s a highly regarded catching prospect for the Boston Red Sox.	Steve Lomasney	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Emmanuel Sarki (born 26 December 1987 in Kaduna) is a Haitian international footballer who plays for Ekstraklasa club Wisła Kraków.	Emmanuel Sarki	Wisła Kraków
member of sports team	Jordan Eagers (born 3 January 1989, in Sheffield, England) is an English football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Sheffield F.C..	Jordan Eagers	Sheffield F.C.
member of sports team	Frank van der Struijk (born 28 March 1985 in Boxtel) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a right back or centre back for Willem II in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Frank van der Struijk	Willem II
member of sports team	Paddy Coupar (born 26 June 1986 in Blairgowrie, Scotland) is a Scottish rugby league player for the Edinburgh Eagles in the Rugby League Conference Scotland Division, he previously played for Workington Town in Co-operative Championship 1.	Paddy Coupar	Workington Town
member of sports team	Mattia Pin (born February 17, 1988 in Rome) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team Crociati Noceto on loan from Parma F.C.	Mattia Pin	Crociati Noceto
member of sports team	Niclas Ekberg (born 23 December 1988) is a Swedish handballer who plays for THW Kiel, the Swedish national team, before playing in Kiel he played for AG København in the Danish Handball League.	Niclas Ekberg	THW Kiel	AG København
member of sports team	Beikhokhei Beingaichho (born 15 August 1990) is an Indian footballer who plays primarily as a winger for Bengaluru FC in the I-League.	Beikhokhei Beingaichho	Bengaluru FC
member of sports team	Sezer Öztürk (born 3 November 1985) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Süper Lig club Eskişehirspor, on loan from Beşiktaş.	Sezer Öztürk	Eskişehirspor
member of sports team	Mervyn Keane is a former Australian rules football player and coach who played in the VFL between 1972 and 1984 for the Richmond Football Club.	Mervyn Keane	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Edison Ames (born 28 May 1985 in Merauke, Papua) is an Indonesian footballer who plays as a Defender for club Persidafon Dafonsoro.	Edison Ames	Persidafon Dafonsoro
member of sports team	Eva Nadia González (born 2 September 1987) is an Argentinian association football centre-back, currently playing for the women's section of Boca Juniors in the Campeonato de Fútbol Femenino.	Eva Nadia González	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Shawn Gallant (born October 14, 1976 in Windsor, Ontario) was a Canadian football defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Shawn Gallant	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Muhammad Shameer Aziq Bin Abdul Razak (born 30 December 1995) is a Singapore international footballer who plays as a forward for S.League club Courts Young Lions.	Shameer Aziq	Young Lions
member of sports team	Monica Hickmann Alves (born 21 April 1987), commonly known as Mônica, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Orlando Pride in National Women's Soccer League and the Brazil national team.	Monica Hickmann Alves	Orlando Pride
member of sports team	Sofia Skog (born 1 October 1988) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC in the fully professional Damallsvenskan, the top Swedish women's league, as a midfielder.	Sofia Skog	Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC
member of sports team	Artur Sobiech ((ˈartur ˈsɔbjɛx); born 12 June 1990 in Ruda Śląska) is a Polish footballer, currently playing for Bundesliga club Hannover 96.	Artur Sobiech	Hannover 96
member of sports team	Matt Reem (born December 23, 1972, in Racine, Wisconsin) was an American football offensive lineman and tight end in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins, the Miami Dolphins and the New England Patriots.	Matt Reem	Washington Redskins	Miami Dolphins	New England Patriots
member of sports team	The same day as that announcement, the Dutch club FC Utrecht offered Alexander Gerndt a 35-million SEK deal.	Alexander Gerndt	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Doctor Siyabonga Sangweni (born 29 September 1981 in Empangeni, KwaZulu-Natal), known as Siyabonga Sangweni, is a South African soccer defender for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates and South Africa.	Siyabonga Sangweni	Orlando Pirates
member of sports team	Martin Lundberg (born June 7, 1990, in Skellefteå, Sweden) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player, currently with Skellefteå AIK the Swedish elite league Elitserien.	Martin Lundberg	Skellefteå AIK
member of sports team	Oleksandr Babych (born 15 February 1979 in Alchevsk, Luhansk Oblast, Ukraine) is a former professional Ukrainian football defender who last played for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League and is now coaching their youth squad.	Oleksandr Babych	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	Predrag Živadinović (Serbian Cyrillic: Пpeдpaг Живaдинoвић ;born 7 July 1983 in Kragujevac) is a Serbian football striker, currently playing for FK Mladost Lučani.	Predrag Živadinović	FK Mladost Lučani
member of sports team	Denis Boucher (born March 7, 1968) is a Canadian former starting pitcher in Major League Baseball for the Toronto Blue Jays, Cleveland Indians, and Montreal Expos.	Denis Boucher	Cleveland Indians	Montreal Expos
member of sports team	Emir Kujović (Cyrillic: Емир Кујовић) (born 22 June 1988 in Bijelo Polje, SFR Yugoslavia) is Swedish professional footballer who plays as a striker for IFK Norrköping.	Emir Kujović	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Arslanmyrat Amanow (born March 28, 1990) is a Turkmen footballer (forward) who most recently played for Olmaliq FK.	Arslanmyrat Amanow	Olmaliq FK
member of sports team	Lukas Martinka (born 28 October 1986 in Trenčín) is a Slovak professional ice hockey player currently playing for Arystan Temirtau in the Kazakhstan Hockey Championship league.	Lukas Martinka	Arystan Temirtau
member of sports team	On 14 November 2012 it was revealed that Kenny Pavey would return to the Swedish first division having signed a two-year deal with Östers IF.	Kenny Pavey	Östers IF
member of sports team	On May 30, 2011, Ragnar Sigurðsson signed a four-year-long contract with Danish champions F.C. Copenhagen.	Ragnar Sigurðsson	F.C. Copenhagen
member of sports team	Piotr Azikiewicz (born 13 February 1995 in Legnica) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Kotwica Kołobrzeg on loan from Zagłębie Lubin.	Piotr Azikiewicz	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Libor Žůrek (born 2 November 1979 in Kojetín, Czechoslovakia) is Czech footballer who recently played for 1. FC Tatran Prešov.	Libor Žůrek	1. FC Tatran Prešov
member of sports team	Artan Mërgjyshi (born 6 May 1968 in Tirana) is a former Albanian football player who spend the most of his nine-year career with Partizani Tirana, while he has also stints with other clubs such as Dinamo Tirana, Erzeni Shijak, Besa Kavajë and Apolonia Fier.	Artan Mërgjyshi	Partizani Tirana	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Kane Tenace (born 4 July 1985) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Kane Tenace	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Stamatis Kalamiotis (Greek: Σταμάτης Καλαμιώτης; born on 23 April 1990) is a Greek footballer who plays for Kallithea F.C. in the Football League (Greece) as a central defender.	Stamatis Kalamiotis	Kallithea F.C.
member of sports team	José González Brand, known as Pepe Brand (13 February 1900 -- 1 July 1971) was a Spanish professional football player and manager associated with Sevilla FC, Real Jaén and CD Castellón.	Pepe Brand	Sevilla FC
member of sports team	Yoenis Céspedes Milanés (born October 18, 1985), nicknamed La Potencia, is a Cuban professional baseball outfielder for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Yoenis Céspedes	New York Mets
member of sports team	Petr Holík (born March 3, 1992) is a Czech ice hockey player who currently plays for PSG Zlín.	Petr Holík	PSG Zlín
member of sports team	Vasko Božinovski (Macedonian: Васко Божиновски) (born 11 March 1975) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a central defender for FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov.	Vasko Božinovski	FK Makedonija Gjorče Petrov
member of sports team	Wayne Sykes (born 27 February 1979) in Stoke-On-Trent, Staffordshire, England (moved to London at an early age) is a former Rugby League player for the London Broncos in the Super League competition.	Wayne Sykes	London Broncos
member of sports team	Reg Kent (born Reginald Kentashuck, October 24, 1944, in Willingdon, Alberta) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who spent his career with the Johnstown Jets of the Eastern Hockey League and North American Hockey League.	Reg Kent	Johnstown Jets
member of sports team	Paulo César Urnau or simply Paulinho (born March 12, 1987 in Foz do Iguaçu) is a Brazilian defensive footballer, who currently plays for Grêmio Esportivo Juventus.	Paulo César Urnau	Grêmio Esportivo Juventus
member of sports team	Alberto Grassi (born 7 March 1995) is an Italian footballer who plays for Napoli as a defensive midfielder.	Alberto Grassi	Napoli
member of sports team	Born in Leskovac, SR Serbia, back then part of Yugoslavia, Zoran Banković played for several Yugoslav First League teams such as FK Vardar, Red Star Belgrade and FK Radnički Niš.	Zoran Banković	FK Vardar
member of sports team	Szeto Man Chun (Chinese: 司徒文俊; Jyutping: si1 tou4 man4 zeon3; born 5 June 1975 in Hong Kong, China) is a Hong Kong professional football midfielder playing for Hoi Fan.	Szeto Man Chun	Hoi Fan
member of sports team	Bojan Stepanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бojaн Cтeпaнoвић, born January 11, 1983) is a Serbian footballer playing in Serbian First League club FK Timok.	Bojan Stepanović	FK Timok
member of sports team	Håvard Nordtveit (born 21 June 1990) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Borussia Mönchengladbach and the Norway national football team.	Håvard Nordtveit	Borussia Mönchengladbach
member of sports team	Roland Kaspitz (born November 1, 1981 in Spittal an der Drau) is an Austrian professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing for HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Roland Kaspitz	HDD Olimpija Ljubljana
member of sports team	Leung Hing Kit (Chinese: 梁興傑; Jyutping: loeng4 hing3 git6, born 22 October 1989) is a professional footballer who plays in the Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA.	Leung Hing Kit	South China AA
member of sports team	Christopher Bazerque (born March 31, 1987) is a Mauritian football player who currently plays for Petite Rivière Noire SC in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team as a defender.	Christopher Bazerque	Petite Rivière Noire SC
member of sports team	Rusney Castillo Peraza (born July 9, 1987) is a Cuban professional baseball left fielder for the Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball.	Rusney Castillo	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Andree Wiedener (born 11 March 1970 in Helmstedt) is a former defender for German football teams SV Werder Bremen and Eintracht Frankfurt.	Andree Wiedener	SV Werder Bremen	Eintracht Frankfurt
member of sports team	Vincent Logan Watkins (born August 29, 1989) is a Major League Baseball infielder in the Chicago Cubs organization.	Logan Watkins	Chicago Cubs
member of sports team	Zafar Kholmurodov played the most time of his career for Nasaf Qarshi, he joined club in 1996.	Zafar Kholmurodov	Nasaf Qarshi
member of sports team	Kamal Djunaedi is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League as a striker.	Kamal Djunaedi	Persijap Jepara
member of sports team	Szabolcs Udvari (born 26 July 1974) is a Hungarian footballer who plays for Kaposvölgye VSC as defender.	Szabolcs Udvari	Kaposvölgye VSC
member of sports team	Chris Hahn (born July 28, 1985) is a Canadian ice hockey player from Fort Qu'Appelle, Saskatchewan, Canada and is currently playing for Eisbären Berlin in the DEL. Hahn also has his German citizenship.	Chris Hahn	Eisbären Berlin
member of sports team	Terry O'Neal Grant (born March 3, 1987) is a former professional running back for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Terry O'Neal Grant	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Luke Thilthorpe (born 4 November 1981) is an Australian ice hockey player who played for the Adelaide Avalanche and Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League between 2004 and 2011 and is a former member of the Australian national ice hockey team.	Luke Thilthorpe	Adelaide Adrenaline
member of sports team	Róbert Zsolnai (born 11 April 1982 in Budapest, Hungary) is a professional Hungarian footballer currently playing for Budapest Honvéd FC in the Hungarian Borsodi Liga.	Róbert Zsolnai	Budapest Honvéd FC
member of sports team	Marcel Dib (born 10 August 1960 in Marseille) is a former football midfielder in France, and who notably played for AS Monaco FC and Olympique de Marseille, at that time in Ligue 2.	Marcel Dib	Olympique de Marseille
member of sports team	Bruno Pianissolla or simply Bruno, (born in Guarapari, on February 5, 1987) is a Brazilian goalkeeper currently playing for Ipatinga Futebol Clube.	Bruno Pianissolla	Ipatinga Futebol Clube
member of sports team	David Dale Alexander (April 26, 1903 -- March 2, 1979), nicknamed ``Moose'', was a Major League Baseball player for the Detroit Tigers (1929--1932) and Boston Red Sox (1932--1933).	Dale Alexander	Detroit Tigers	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Khairan Ezuan Razali (born 3 June 1986 in Kota Bharu, Kelantan) is a Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Real Mulia F.C. in Malaysia FAM League.	Khairan Ezuan Razali	Real Mulia F.C.
member of sports team	Roman Turek (born May 21, 1970 in Strakonice, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Dallas Stars, St. Louis Blues, and Calgary Flames in a 9-year National Hockey League (NHL) career.	Roman Turek	Dallas Stars	St. Louis Blues	Calgary Flames
member of sports team	Cristian Portugués Manzanera (born 21 May 1992), commonly known as Portu, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié as a defensive midfielder.	Portu	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Lucas Albertengo is an Argentine footballer who plays as a striker for Club Atlético Independiente.	Lucas Albertengo	Club Atlético Independiente
member of sports team	Born in Rio de Janeiro, Jorginho started playing professionally for local side América Football Club, moving after just one season to Clube de Regatas do Flamengo.	Jorginho	Clube de Regatas do Flamengo
member of sports team	Philip Wiley Taylor (March 18, 1888 -- July 8, 1954) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Detroit Tigers (1911), Chicago White Sox (1912), and St. Louis Browns (1913--1914).	Wiley Taylor	Detroit Tigers	Chicago White Sox
member of sports team	Will Caldwell is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays for the New South Wales Waratahs in the international Super Rugby competition as a lock.	Will Caldwell	New South Wales Waratahs
member of sports team	Several months after the bankruptcy of FC Metalurh Donetsk, on 9 October 2015, Gregory Nelson returned to Bulgaria and signed a contract until the end of the season with Botev Plovdiv.	Gregory Nelson	FC Metalurh Donetsk
member of sports team	Craig Butler (born December 19, 1988 in London, Ontario) is a professional Canadian football defensive back currently playing for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Craig Butler	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Will Cuff was an English football chairman he was in charge of Everton F.C. from 1921 to 1938.	Will Cuff	Everton F.C.
member of sports team	Kaarel Kiidron (born 30 April 1990) is an Estonian international footballer who plays in Estonia for JK Tammeka Tartu, as a defender.	Kaarel Kiidron	JK Tammeka Tartu
member of sports team	Jarrad Boumann (born 18 August 1989) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jarrad Boumann	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Dariusz Romuzga (born April 20, 1971) is a Polish footballer (striker) playing currently for Kmita Zabierzów.	Dariusz Romuzga	Kmita Zabierzów
member of sports team	Mohamed Tetteh Nortey (born 20 November 1990 in Accra) is a Ghanaian football (soccer) player currently playing at the position of defender for King Faisal Babes.	Tetteh Nortey	King Faisal Babes
member of sports team	George Whitelock (born 27 March 1986) is a rugby union player for the Crusaders in the Super Rugby competition and Canterbury in the Air New Zealand Cup.	George Whitelock	Crusaders
member of sports team	Romain Gall (born January 31, 1995) is an American soccer player who plays midfielder for Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer.	Romain Gall	Columbus Crew SC
member of sports team	Taras Lutsenko (born 1 February 1974 in Kiev, Soviet Union) is a retired Ukrainian football goalkeeper for FC Dynamo Kyiv.	Taras Lutsenko	FC Dynamo Kyiv
member of sports team	Steen Thychosen (born 22 September 1958) is a former Danish footballer, who played 252 games and scored 101 goals for Vejle Boldklub.	Steen Thychosen	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Oussama Darfalou (born September 23, 1993 in Menaâ) is an Algerian footballer who plays for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 side USM Alger and the Algeria national under-23 team.	Oussama Darfalou	USM Alger
member of sports team	Emine Gümüş (born July 12, 1992) is a Turkish women's football forward currently playing in the First League for Adana İdmanyurduspor with jersey number 9.	Emine Gümüş	Adana İdmanyurduspor
member of sports team	Greg Moss (born September 2, 1982) is a Canadian Football League defensive back who previously played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	Greg Moss	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Nick Sirota (born January 28, 1984) is an American professional ice hockey Right Winger who is currently playing with the Kalamazoo Wings of the ECHL.	Nick Sirota	Kalamazoo Wings
member of sports team	Colin Slade (born 10 October 1987) is a rugby union footballer who represents the Crusaders in the Super Rugby competition and Canterbury in the ITM Cup, playing primarily at first five-eighth, as well as all other backline positions on occasions.	Colin Slade	Crusaders
member of sports team	Lena Petermann started her club career at Hamburger SV.	Lena Petermann	Hamburger SV
member of sports team	Shahrizam Mohamed (born 27 March 1979 in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia), is a professional footballer who plays as a defender for Terengganu FA.	Shahrizam Mohamed	Terengganu FA
member of sports team	Rachid Aït-Atmane (born 4 February 1993), simply known as Rachid, is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for Spanish side Sporting de Gijón as a central midfielder.	Rachid Aït-Atmane	Sporting de Gijón
member of sports team	Kojo Brown (born November 23, 1993 in Ghana) is an Australian footballer, who plays for Goslarer SC 08.	Kojo Brown	Goslarer SC 08
member of sports team	Alfredo Valente (born November 6, 1980 in Burnaby, British Columbia) is a former Canadian soccer midfielder who formerly played for the Vancouver Whitecaps of the USL First Division (USL-1).	Alfredo Valente	Vancouver Whitecaps
member of sports team	Jesse D. Smith (born 20 February 1986) is a former professional Australian rules footballer, playing for Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Jesse D. Smith	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Erwan Quintin (born 1 February 1984 in Auray) is a French football midfielder currently playing for Stade Lavallois.	Erwan Quintin	Stade Lavallois
member of sports team	Aníbal Zurdo Rodríguez (born 3 December 1982 in Villahermosa, Tabasco), known simply as Aníbal, is a Mexican professional footballer who plays for Gimnàstic de Tarragona as a striker.	Aníbal Zurdo	Gimnàstic de Tarragona
member of sports team	Nayim retired in 2000, after a stint with Spanish second division side CD Logroñés.	Nayim	CD Logroñés
member of sports team	Sergei Igorevich Nekrasov (Russian: Серге́й Игоревич Некрасов; born February 19, 1986) is a Russian football goalkeeper who last played for FC Taganrog.	Sergei Igorevich Nekrasov	FC Taganrog
member of sports team	Stephen Worgu (born 6 April 1990 in Brass, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who plays for Bowsher Club in Oman.	Stephen Worgu	Bowsher
member of sports team	Damir Krznar (born 10 July 1972) is a retired Croatian football left back, who spent his career playing for Varteks, GNK Dinamo Zagreb and most recently NK Inter Zaprešić.	Damir Krznar	NK Inter Zaprešić
member of sports team	Jake Batchelor (born 13 February 1992) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jake Batchelor	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	David Cobeño Iglesias (Spanish pronunciation: (da'βið ko'βeɲo i'ɣlesjas); born 6 April 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a goalkeeper.	David Cobeño	Rayo Vallecano
member of sports team	Before Christiaan Cicek came to PEC Zwolle he did a soccer internship for Syrianska FC .	Christiaan Cicek	PEC Zwolle
member of sports team	Jaime Moreno Morales (born 19 January 1974 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a former Bolivian footballer now serving as Youth Academy Technical Training Coach for D.C. United in Major League Soccer, and as the head coach of D.C. United's U-23 side.	Jaime Moreno	D.C. United
member of sports team	Jérôme Martin (born June 1, 1986 in Bordeaux) is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Swiss club FC Le Mont as a defender.	Jérôme Martin	FC Le Mont
member of sports team	Nick Crawford (born January 2, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey player currently playing for Dornbirner EC in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Nick Crawford	Dornbirner EC
member of sports team	Michael Blees (born 6 August 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who represented the St Kilda Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Michael Blees	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Viktorija Budrytė is a Lithuanian football striker currently playing in the A Lyga for Gintra Universitetas, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Viktorija Budrytė	Gintra Universitetas
member of sports team	Paulin Dhëmbi (born 9 August 1979 in Korçë) is a former Albanian football player who played for Skënderbeu Korçë, Dinamo Tirana, Partizani Tirana and Vllaznia Shkodër and Besa Kavajë, as well as the Albania national team.	Paulin Dhëmbi	Partizani Tirana	Besa Kavajë
member of sports team	Bamba Thiam (born 31 May 1985 in Medina Gounass) is a Senegalese footballer who is a midfielder who plays for Dakar UC.	Bamba Thiam	Dakar UC
member of sports team	Karl Palatu (born 5 December 1982 in Pärnu) is an Estonian professional footballer, who currently plays in the Estonian Meistriliiga, for Pärnu Linnameeskond.	Karl Palatu	Pärnu Linnameeskond
member of sports team	Farhad Valiyev (Azerbaijani: Fərhad Vəliyev; born 1 November 1980) is an Azerbaijani international football goalkeeper who plays for FK Qarabağ in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Farhad Valiyev	FK Qarabağ
member of sports team	Petr Mikolanda (born 12 September 1984) is a football player from the Czech Republic who currently plays for FK Viktoria Žižkov .	Petr Mikolanda	FK Viktoria Žižkov
member of sports team	Dimitar Kapinkovski (Macedonian: Димитар Капинковски; born 27 May 1975) is a retired Macedonian football player and current coach, which was recently managed FK Pelister as interim coach.	Dimitar Kapinkovski	FK Pelister
member of sports team	Ahmed Abdel-Raouf (Arabic: أحمد عبد الرؤوف‎; born 12 April 1986) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Telephonat Bani Sweif.	Ahmed Abdel-Raouf	Telephonat Bani Sweif
member of sports team	Steven Shingler is a professional rugby union player for the Scarlets.	Steven Shingler	Scarlets
member of sports team	Turgay Tapu (born April 29, 1982) is a German football player, who currently plays for Rot Weiss Ahlen.	Turgay Tapu	Rot Weiss Ahlen
member of sports team	Edwin Rivas (born January 8, 1992) is an American soccer player who last played for Toronto FC II in the USL.	Edwin Rivas	Toronto FC II
member of sports team	Brenton Griffiths (born 2 September 1991) is a Jamaican footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Orange County Blues FC.	Brenton Griffiths	Orange County Blues FC
member of sports team	Luke Dunstan (born 29 January 1995) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Luke Dunstan	St Kilda Football Club
member of sports team	Oliver Schöpf (born July 18, 1990) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for FC Gratkorn.	Oliver Schöpf	FC Gratkorn
member of sports team	Coen Maertzdorf (born 24 August 1993) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club after having formerly played for De Graafschap.	Coen Maertzdorf	De Graafschap
member of sports team	J. R. Boone (July 29, 1925 -- January 21, 2012) was a professional American football player who played halfback for six seasons for the Chicago Bears, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Green Bay Packers.	J. R. Boone	San Francisco 49ers	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Nilson Machado dos Santos (born 24 January 1973), commonly known as Biro Jade, is a Brazil born, Azerbaijani futsal player who plays for Araz Naxçivan as a field player.	Biro Jade	Araz Naxçivan
member of sports team	Horace Jenkins got his break in the summer of 2004, playing in the Summer League with the Detroit Pistons.	Horace Jenkins	Detroit Pistons
member of sports team	Pablo Dyego da Silva Rosa (born 8 March 1994) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Legia Warsaw on loan from Fluminense as a winger.	Pablo Dyego	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Richard Weiszmann (born April 8, 1972) is a retired Czechoslovakian-American soccer defender who played for the New England Revolution in 1996.	Richard Weiszmann	New England Revolution
member of sports team	Guyon Philips (born 15 October 1993, in Arnhem) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Volendam in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Guyon Philips	FC Volendam
member of sports team	Stephen Silas is an American basketball coach, currently working as an assistant coach for the Charlotte Hornets of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Stephen Silas	Charlotte Hornets
member of sports team	Niall Annett (born 7 May 1992) is a professional rugby union player for Worcester Warriors, having previously played for Ulster Rugby.	Niall Annett	Ulster Rugby
mouth of the watercourse	The Pitze (also: Pitzbach) is a right tributary of the river Inn in the Imst (district) and flows through the Pitztal valley.	Pitze	Inn
mouth of the watercourse	The Arsenyevka River (Russian: Арсеньевка, formerly Daubi-He) is a left tributary of the Ussuri River in Anuchinsky and Yakovlevsky Districts of Primorsky Krai, Russia.	Arsenyevka River	Ussuri River
mouth of the watercourse	Skawa (German: Schaue) is a river in southern Poland, a right tributary of the Vistula.	Skawa	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	Kyzylsu River rises on the southern slopes of the Vakhsh Range in the north-east of Tajikistan's Khatlon Province and runs south-west for a length of 230 km until joining Panj River on the border with Afghanistan.	Kyzylsu River	Panj River
mouth of the watercourse	The River Swilly rises near Glendore, a mountain in County Donegal, and flows for around 41.8 km (26.0 mi) through Letterkenny before flowing into the Atlantic Ocean at Lough Swilly.	River Swilly	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Bourne Brook or Black Brook, as it is known in its upper reaches, is a tributary of the River Tame in Staffordshire, England.	Bourne Brook	River Tame
mouth of the watercourse	The Ohlanga River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, which empties into the Indian Ocean just north of Umhlanga, KwaZulu-Natal, north of Durban.	Ohlanga River	Indian Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	Viga River (Russian: Вига) is a river in Kostroma Oblast in Russia, a right tributary of the Unzha River.	Viga River	Unzha River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pelly River is a river in Canada, and is a headstream of the Yukon River.	Pelly River	Yukon River
mouth of the watercourse	The Alster is a right tributary of the Elbe river in Northern Germany.	Alster	Elbe
mouth of the watercourse	The Emba River (Kazakh: Ембі or Kazakh: Жем, Russian: Эмба) in west Kazakhstan rises in the Mugodzhar Hills and flows some 400 miles (640 km) southwest into the Caspian Sea.	Emba River	Caspian Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Although there is no clear channel, Tuggeranong Creek flows south-west to form confluence with the Murrumbidgee River, south of Greenway.	Tuggeranong Creek	Murrumbidgee River
mouth of the watercourse	The River Beck is one of the tributaries of the River Ravensbourne in south London.	River Beck	River Ravensbourne
mouth of the watercourse	The Saloum River rises about 105 kilometers east of Kaolack, Senegal, and flows into the Atlantic Ocean.	Saloum River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Kara Dere is a river that empties into the Black Sea 20 miles east of Trabzon, Turkey.	Kara Dere	Black Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Imo River (Igbo: Imo Mmiri) is in southeastern Nigeria and flows 240 kilometres (150 mi) into the Atlantic Ocean.	Imo River	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Woronora River rises on the northwestern slopes of the Illawarra escarpment and has its origin from Waratah Rivulet, near Darkes Forest, and flows generally north for approximately 36 kilometres (22 mi), joined by three minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Georges River, between Como and Illawong.	Woronora River	Georges River
mouth of the watercourse	Przemsza (German: Przemsa) is a river in the south of Poland, a tributary of the Vistula.	Przemsza	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	Magelungsdiket (Swedish: Magelungen Ditch) is one of three inflows of Lake Magelungen in southern Stockholm, Sweden.	Magelungsdiket	Magelungen
mouth of the watercourse	The Virgin River is a tributary of the Colorado River in the U.S. states of Utah, Nevada, and Arizona.	Virgin River	Colorado
mouth of the watercourse	The Djoua River is a tributary of the Ivindo River in Gabon and the Republic of the Congo.	Djoua River	Ivindo River
mouth of the watercourse	The estuary of Saint-Charles River in Saint-Lawrence River has a special historical significance since it is at this location that was built the Saint-Lawrence Iroquoian village of Stadaconé and that Jacques Cartier spent his first winter on Canadian soil in 1535--36.	Saint-Charles River	Saint-Lawrence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Archbach, also called Planseeache, is an about 15 km long influx on the right side of the Lech River in Tyrol, Austria.	Archbach	Lech
mouth of the watercourse	The Eden Creek, a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment, is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Eden Creek	Richmond River
mouth of the watercourse	Oaky River rises on the southern slopes of Round Mountain, the highest peak of the Snowy Range, a spur of the Great Dividing Range south southwest of Ebor, and flows generally southwest, joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Chandler River, southwest of Jeogla.	Oaky River	Chandler River
mouth of the watercourse	The Pakhra River (Russian: Пахра́) is a river in Moscow Oblast and the city of Moscow, Russia, a right tributary of the Moskva River.	Pakhra River	Moskva River
mouth of the watercourse	The Walaqa River, a tributary of the Blue Nile, is river in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Walaqa River	Blue Nile
mouth of the watercourse	The Bargo River rises in the southern slopes of Southern Highlands, north of Colo Vale, and flows generally north-east, joined by two minor tributaries, before reaching its confluence with the Nepean River, near Bargo.	Bargo River	Nepean River
mouth of the watercourse	In extreme events, water from the Finke River flows into the Macumba River, and thence into Lake Eyre, a total distance from headwater streams of around 750 km (470 mi).	Finke River	Macumba River
mouth of the watercourse	Moonan Brook, a mostly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales, Australia.	Moonan Brook	Hunter River
mouth of the watercourse	The Johanna River rises in the Otway Ranges in southwest Victoria, below Lavers Hill and flows generally south through the Great Otway National Park before reaching its river mouth and emptying into the Great Australian Bight, west of Cape Otway at Johanna Beach, near Johanna.	Johanna River	Great Australian Bight
mouth of the watercourse	The Limpopo River rises in central southern Africa, and flows generally eastwards to the Indian Ocean.	Limpopo River	Indian Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The river flows generally northwest to the Staaten River National Park and then west, joined by eleven minor tributaries before reaching its mouth and emptying into the Gulf of Carpentaria.	Staaten River	Gulf of Carpentaria
mouth of the watercourse	The headwaters of the Taggerty River rise on the north--western slopes of the Yarra Ranges, below Lake Mountain and descend to flow into the Steavenson River near Marysville.	Taggerty River	Steavenson River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ivaí River (Portuguese, Rio Ivaí) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.	Ivaí River	Paraná
mouth of the watercourse	The Mtshabezi River is a tributary of the Thuli River in southern Zimbabwe.	Mtshabezi River	Thuli River
mouth of the watercourse	The Zarqa River (Arabic: نهر الزرقاء‎) is the second largest tributary of the lower Jordan River, after the Yarmouk River.	Zarqa River	Jordan River
mouth of the watercourse	A number of smaller streams joined the Little Zab in the Ranya Plain, which is now partly inundated by Lake Dukan.	Little Zab	Lake Dukan
mouth of the watercourse	The Kok River is a tributary of the Mekong River, with its mouth at Sop Kok in Chiang Saen district, opposite the Lao border.	Kok River	Mekong River
mouth of the watercourse	The Radunia (German: 'Radaune') is a small river in Kashubia (Pomerelia), which issues from a lake and falls into the Motława (Mottlau) near Gdańsk (Danzig).	Radunia	Motława
mouth of the watercourse	The Adige crosses Trentino and later Veneto, flowing past the city of Verona and the towns of Rovereto and Adria through the Lagarina Valley and the north-eastern part of the Po Plain into the Adriatic Sea.	Adige	Adriatic Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Lėvuo is a river in Northern Lithuania, tributary of the river Mūša.	Lėvuo	Mūša
named after	Jacobson rings were introduced independently by Krull (1951, 1952), who named them after Nathan Jacobson because of their relation to Jacobson radicals, and by Goldman (1951), who named them Hilbert rings after David Hilbert because of their relation to Hilbert's Nullstellensatz.	Jacobson ring	Nathan Jacobson
named after	The name is derived from the ancient Veneti people who inhabited the region by the 10th century BC. The city was historically the capital of the Republic of Venice.	Venice	Veneti
named after	The Norian was named after the Noric Alps in Austria.	Norian	Noric Alps
named after	Brezinaite was named in honour of Aristides Brezina (1848--1909), a past Director of the Mineralogy-Petrology Section of the Natural History Museum, Vienna, Austria.	Brezinaite	Aristides Brezina
named after	The region of Auvergne was named after the Arverni, one of the most powerful Gallic tribes.	Auvergne	Arverni
named after	In mathematics the Chebyshev polynomials, named after Pafnuty Chebyshev, are a sequence of orthogonal polynomials which are related to de Moivre's formula and which can be defined recursively.	Chebyshev polynomials	Pafnuty Chebyshev
named after	The Euler angles are three angles introduced by Leonhard Euler to describe the orientation of a rigid body.	Euler angles	Leonhard Euler
named after	The Dvorak Simplified Keyboard (i/dᵊˈvɔræk/ d-VOR-ak) is a keyboard layout patented in 1936 by Dr. August Dvorak and his brother-in-law, Dr. William Dealey.	Dvorak Simplified Keyboard	August Dvorak
named after	Newton polygons are named after Isaac Newton, who first described them and some of their uses in correspondence from the year 1676 addressed to Henry Oldenburg.	Newton polygon	Isaac Newton
named after	In physics, the Thomas precession, named after Llewellyn Thomas, is a relativistic correction that applies to the spin of an elementary particle or the rotation of a macroscopic gyroscope and relates the angular velocity of the spin of a particle following a curvilinear orbit to the angular velocity of the orbital motion.	Thomas precession	Llewellyn Thomas
named after	Graz Cathedral (German: Grazer Dom), also called St. Giles' Cathedral (German: Dom St. Ägidius), is the cathedral church in the Austrian city of Graz, dedicated to Saint Giles.	Graz Cathedral	Saint Giles
named after	Nikolsky's sign is a clinical dermatological sign, named after Pyotr Nikolsky (1858--1940), a Russian physician who trained and worked in Ukraine, which was part of the Russian Empire at that time.	Nikolsky's sign	Pyotr Nikolsky
named after	In orbital mechanics, a Lissajous orbit (pronounced: (li.sa.ʒu)), named after Jules Antoine Lissajous, is a quasi-periodic orbital trajectory that an object can follow around a Lagrangian point of a three-body system without requiring any propulsion.	Lissajous orbit	Jules Antoine Lissajous
named after	Plumbogummite is a rare secondary lead phosphate mineral, belonging to the alunite supergroup of minerals, crandallite subgroup.	Plumbogummite	lead
named after	Copley Square, named for painter John Singleton Copley, is a public square in Boston's Back Bay neighborhood, bounded by Boylston Street, Clarendon Street, St. James Avenue, and Dartmouth Street.	Copley Square	John Singleton Copley
named after	Taylor's theorem is named after the mathematician Brook Taylor, who stated a version of it in 1712.	Taylor's theorem	Brook Taylor
named after	In theoretical physics, particularly in discussions of gravitation theories, Mach's principle (or Mach's conjecture) is the name given by Einstein to an imprecise hypothesis often credited to the physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach.	Mach's principle	Ernst Mach
named after	The Delmarva Peninsula or simply Delmarva is a large peninsula on the East Coast of the United States, occupied by most of Delaware and portions of Maryland and Virginia.	Delmarva Peninsula	Delaware	Maryland	Virginia
named after	Menachem Mendel Schneerson and Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn are both descendants of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneersohn, known as the Tzemach Tzedek, the third Rebbe of Chabad Lubavitch.	Menachem Mendel Schneerson	Menachem Mendel Schneersohn
named after	Percival Molson Memorial Stadium (also known in French as Stade Percival-Molson; commonly referred to as Molson Stadium in English or Stade Molson in French) is an outdoor football stadium located downtown on Mount Royal in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Percival Molson Memorial Stadium	Percival-Molson
named after	USS Sunfish (SSN-649), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the ocean sunfish (Mola mola), a marine species having a deep body truncated behind, and high dorsal and anal fins.	USS Sunfish (SSN-649)	ocean sunfish
named after	Owenus is a genus of ichneumonid wasp, named for Denis Owen.	Owenus	Denis Owen
named after	The OTR-23 Oka (Russian: OTP-23 ``Ока''; named after Oka River) was a mobile theatre ballistic missile (Russian: оперативно-тактический ракетный комплекс) deployed by the Soviet Union near the end of the Cold War to replace the obsolete SS-1C 'Scud B'.	OTR-23 Oka	Oka River
named after	In mathematics applied to computer science, Monge arrays, or Monge matrices, are mathematical objects named for their discoverer, the French mathematician Gaspard Monge.	Monge array	Gaspard Monge
named after	Hafnium is named after Hafnia, the Latin name for Copenhagen, where it was discovered.	Hafnium	Copenhagen
named after	The Beaufort cipher, created by Sir Francis Beaufort, is a substitution cipher similar to the Vigenère cipher, with a slightly modified enciphering mechanism and tableau.	Beaufort cipher	Francis Beaufort
named after	Legendre's conjecture, proposed by Adrien-Marie Legendre, states that there is a prime number between n2 and (n + 1)2 for every positive integer n. The conjecture is one of Landau's problems (1912) on prime numbers; as of 2015, the conjecture has neither been proved nor disproved.	Legendre's conjecture	Adrien-Marie Legendre
named after	The Volterra integral equations were introduced by Vito Volterra and then studied by Traian Lalescu in his 1908 thesis, Sur les équations de Volterra, written under the direction of Émile Picard.	Volterra integral equation	Vito Volterra
named after	Darwinism is a theory of biological evolution developed by the English naturalist Charles Darwin and others, stating that all species of organisms arise and develop through the natural selection of small, inherited variations that increase the individual's ability to compete, survive, and reproduce.	Darwinism	Charles Darwin
named after	The Schelf Church of St. Nicholas (German: Schelfkirche St. Nikolai) is an Evangelical Lutheran church dedicated to Saint Nicholas in the Schelfstadt quarter of Schwerin in Germany.	Schelf Church	Saint Nicholas
named after	Marshall University is a coeducational public research university in Huntington, West Virginia, United States, founded in 1837, and named after John Marshall, the fourth Chief Justice of the United States.	Marshall University	John Marshall
named after	Between 1952 and 1989 the university was named Bolesław Bierut University of Wrocław (Polish: Uniwersytet Wrocławski im. Bolesława Bieruta) after Bolesław Bierut, President of the Republic of Poland (1947--52).	University of Wrocław	Bolesław Bierut
named after	The name Firefox was said to be derived from a nickname of the red panda, which became the mascot for the newly named project.	Firefox	red panda
named after	In algebraic geometry, a Fano fibration or Fano fiber space, named after Gino Fano, is a morphism of varieties whose general fiber is a Fano variety (in other words has ample anticanonical bundle) of positive dimension.	Fano fibration	Gino Fano
named after	The Lénárt sphere was invented by István Lénárt in Hungary in the early 1990s and its use is described in his 2003 book comparing planar and spherical geometry.	Lénárt sphere	István Lénárt
named after	Sokoto, usually referred to as Sokoto State to distinguish it from the city of Sokoto, is located in the extreme northwest of Nigeria, near to the confluence of the Sokoto River and the Rima River.	Sokoto State	Sokoto River
named after	In mathematics, the Lie product formula, named for Sophus Lie (1875), states that for arbitrary n × n real or complex matrices A and B, e^(A+B) = \lim--(N \rightarrow \infty) (e^(A/N)e^(B/N))^N, where eA denotes the matrix exponential of A. The Lie--	Lie product formula	Sophus Lie
named after	Hilbert's fifth problem is the fifth mathematical problem from the problem list publicized in 1900 by mathematician David Hilbert, and concerns the characterization of Lie groups.	Hilbert's fifth problem	David Hilbert
named after	The P-500 Bazalt (Russian: П-500 ``Базальт''; English: basalt) is a turbojet-powered, supersonic cruise missile used by the Soviet and Russian navies.	P-500 Bazalt	basalt
named after	Officially opened in 1984 and named after Charles, Prince of Wales, Prince of Wales Hospital now provides approximately 1,478 hospital beds and 24 hours accident and emergency service with about 4,470 staff.	Prince of Wales Hospital	Charles, Prince of Wales
named after	In computer science, Hirschberg's algorithm, named after its inventor, Dan Hirschberg, is a dynamic programming algorithm that finds the optimal sequence alignment between two strings.	Hirschberg's algorithm	Dan Hirschberg
named after	The pre-history of Unix dates back to the mid-1960s when the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, AT&T Bell Labs, and General Electric were developing an innovative time-sharing operating system called Multics for the GE-645 mainframe.	Unix	Multics
named after	The name Burdigalian comes from Burdigala, the Latin name for the city of Bordeaux, France.	Burdigalian	Bordeaux
narrative location	Soviet Strike is set after the disintegration of the Soviet Union, and takes place in a fictionalised Russia, Eastern Europe and around the Caspian Sea.	Soviet Strike	Russia
narrative location	Filmed in Portland, Oregon, What the Bleep Do We Know!? presents a viewpoint of the physical universe and human life within it, with connections to neuroscience and quantum physics.	What the Bleep Do We Know!?	Oregon
narrative location	Get Lost! is a British television drama serial made by Yorkshire Television in 1981 for the ITV network.	Get Lost!	Yorkshire
narrative location	The show takes place in Los Angeles, California, where Irish-American Ray Donovan (Liev Schreiber), originally from South Boston, works for the powerful law firm Goldman & Drexler, representing the rich and famous.	Ray Donovan	Los Angeles
narrative location	Following the departure of Deputy Chief Brenda Leigh Johnson from the Los Angeles Police Department, Captain Sharon Raydor (McDonnell) is selected as the new head of its Major Crimes Division.	Major Crimes	Los Angeles
native language	David Arroyo Durán (born 7 January 1980 in Talavera de la Reina, Toledo) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer, riding on the UCI Professional Continental Team Caja Rural-Seguros RGA.	David Arroyo	Spanish
native language	Baron Johann von Berenberg-Gossler (born 13 February 1839 in Hamburg, died 8 December 1913 in Hamburg; né Johann Gossler), known as ``John,'' was a German banker from the city-state of Hamburg and owner and head of Berenberg Bank from 1879 until his death.	Johann von Berenberg-Gossler	German
native language	Ariel Wizman (born 19 May 1962) is a French musician, DJ, journalist and actor born in Casablanca, Morocco.	Ariel Wizman	French
native language	René Bérenger, born in Bourg-lès-Valence (Drôme) on 22 April 1830 and died Alincourt (Ardennes) on 29 August 1915, was a French lawyer, judge, and politician.	René Bérenger	French
native language	John Degenkolb (born 7 January 1989) is a German professional road bicycle racer riding for the UCI ProTeam Giant--	John Degenkolb	German
occupation	Joshua Kadison (born February 8, 1963, Los Angeles, California) is an American singer-songwriter, pianist, and writer.	Joshua Kadison	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ju Ji-hoon (Hangul: 주지훈; also romanized as Joo Ji-hoon; born May 16, 1982) is a South Korean actor.	Ju Ji-hoon	actor
occupation	Sankarshan Thakur is an Indian print journalist.	Sankarshan Thakur	journalist
occupation	Scarlet Moon de Chevalier (1952 -- June 5, 2013) was a Brazilian actress, journalist and writer.	Scarlet Moon de Chevalier	journalist	writer
occupation	Orlando Tucker (born February 8, 1988) better known by his stage name Jahlil Beats, is an American hip hop record producer and songwriter from Chester, Pennsylvania.	Jahlil Beats	record producer
occupation	Jean-Antoine Lépine (L’Pine, LePine, Lepine, L’Epine), born as Jean-Antoine Depigny, was an influential watchmaker.	Jean-Antoine Lépine	watchmaker
occupation	Johnny Kastl is an American actor, best known for his role as Dr. Doug Murphy on the medical comedy Scrubs.	Johnny Kastl	actor
occupation	Mirosław Żuławski (January 16, 1913 -- February 17, 1995) was a Polish writer, prosaist, diplomatist and screenwriter.	Mirosław Żuławski	writer
occupation	``Baby'' Joe Mesi (born November 27, 1973) is an American retired boxer and politician from Tonawanda, New York.	Joe Mesi	boxer
occupation	James Arthur Ray (born November 22, 1957) is a motivational speaker and author who was convicted of felony negligent homicide.	James Arthur Ray	motivational speaker
occupation	An Geon-hyeong (Hangul:안건형) (born Nov 15, 2000) is a South Korean figure skater.	An Geon-hyeong	figure skater
occupation	Bert Hadley (April 12, 1882 -- December 30, 1968) was an American stage and early silent film actor who appeared in over sixty motion pictures between 1912 and 1927.	Bert Hadley	actor
occupation	Kristian Sohlberg (born 15 March 1978 in Espoo) is a Finnish rally driver, who scored three World Rally Championship points during his career with a best finish of sixth on the 2006 Rally d'Italia Sardegna.	Kristian Sohlberg	rally driver
occupation	Featuring Roger Redgate as composer and conductor.	Roger Redgate	composer
occupation	Devang Patel is an Indian singer, actor, rapper, songwriter, dancer, film producer, film director and music performer.	Devang Patel	singer	actor	film producer
occupation	Grant Cramer (born November 10, 1961) is an American actor and producer who has starred in films and on television.	Grant Cramer	actor
occupation	Mel Novak is an American award winning character actor who is best known for villainous roles in Black Belt Jones, Bruce Lee's Game of Death, and Chuck Norris' An Eye for An Eye.	Mel Novak	actor
occupation	Innocenzio Taccone was an Italian painter of the Baroque.	Innocenzio Taccone	painter
occupation	Scot McFadyen is a Canadian film director, producer and music supervisor whose work focuses on the subculture of heavy metal.	Scot McFadyen	film director
occupation	After the August Revolution in 1945, Nguyễn Tuân joined the Communist party and kept working as a writer.	Nguyễn Tuân	writer
occupation	Henriette Major (January 6, 1933 -- November 17, 2006) was a Canadian writer living in Quebec.	Henriette Major	writer
occupation	Brian Silverman is a Canadian computer scientist, the creator of many programming environments for children, and a researcher in cellular automata.	Brian Silverman	computer scientist
occupation	Mariusz Kazana (August 5, 1960 -- April 10, 2010) was a Polish diplomat and political figure.	Mariusz Kazana	diplomat
occupation	Rebecca Shoichet (pronounced ``Shoy-ket'') (born February 16, 1975) is a Canadian voice actress and singer working for Ocean Productions in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Rebecca Shoichet	singer
occupation	Teresa Medeiros (born 1962/1963) is a United States award-winning romance novelist with more than eight million books in print.	Teresa Medeiros	novelist
occupation	Andrew Catlin is an English photographer, artist, director, cinematographer, psychology graduate, portrait and documentary photographer and filmmaker.	Andrew Catlin	photographer
occupation	William Templeman, PC (September 28, 1842 -- December 15, 1914) was a Canadian newspaper editor and politician.	William Templeman	politician
occupation	Todd Lickliter (born April 17, 1955) is a college basketball coach who most recently coached at Marian University in Indianapolis.	Todd Lickliter	basketball coach
occupation	Meaghan Davies is an Australian born actor working internationally in film, television, radio, and stage.	Meaghan Davies	actor
occupation	Roger Labric was a French journalist (specialising in aviation and motor racing) and racing driver.	Roger Labric	journalist
occupation	Mamtaz Sanghamita was a physician and an Indian politician.	Mamtaz Sanghamita	politician
occupation	William Crutchfield (November 16, 1824 -- January 24, 1890) was an American politician who represented the 3rd congressional district of Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives for one term (1873--1875).	William Crutchfield	politician
occupation	Columbia Lancaster (1803--1893) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the first Delegate from the Territory of Washington to the United States House of Representatives.	Columbia Lancaster	politician
occupation	Rex Chandler is an American actor and former gay pornographic film actor.	Rex Chandler	actor
occupation	Buffy Sainte-Marie, OC (formerly Beverly Sainte-Marie; born 1941) is a Native Canadian singer-songwriter, musician, composer, visual artist, educator, pacifist, and social activist.	Buffy Sainte-Marie	singer	songwriter
occupation	Abderramán Brenes la Roche (born October 22, 1978) is a Puerto Rican judoka, who played for the half-middleweight category.	Abderramán Brenes	judoka
occupation	Antoine Dayori is a Beninese politician and the leader of the Hope Force (Force Espoir) political party.	Antoine Dayori	politician
occupation	Paul Chrisman (born August 23, 1949), better known by his stage name Woody Paul, is an American singer, fiddler, and composer, best known for his work with the Western swing musical and comedy group Riders in the Sky.	Woody Paul	fiddler
occupation	Teofil Żebrawski (1800--1887) was a Polish mathematician, bibliographer, architect, biologist, archeologist, cartographer and geodesist; an erudite and polymath.	Teofil Żebrawski	mathematician	architect	biologist	cartographer
occupation	Louise Fitzhugh (October 5, 1928 -- November 19, 1974) was an American writer and illustrator of children's books, known best for the novel Harriet the Spy.	Louise Fitzhugh	writer
occupation	Lucile Petry Leone (January 23, 1902 -- November 25, 1999) was an American nurse who was the founding director of the Cadet Nurse Corps in 1943.	Lucile Petry Leone	nurse
occupation	Winlock W. Steiwer (August 7, 1852 -- July 18, 1920) was an American banker, rancher, and politician in the state of Oregon.	Winlock W. Steiwer	politician
occupation	Murray Mednick (born 1939) is an American playwright and poet.	Murray Mednick	playwright	poet
occupation	Cyrus Leo Sulzberger II (October 27, 1912 -- September 20, 1993) was an American journalist, diarist, and non-fiction writer.	Cyrus Leo Sulzberger II	journalist	diarist
occupation	Yechiel (Eli) Shainblum was a Canadian painter, sculptor and teacher from Montreal.	Yechiel (Eli) Shainblum	painter
occupation	In the 80's, Tilmann Wröbel arrived in Paris and enrolled at the ``CHAMBRE SYNDICALE DE LA COUTURE PARISIENNE'' as a student fashion designer.	Tilmann Wröbel	fashion designer
occupation	John Vargas (born April 24, 1959) is an American actor best known for his role in the films Primary Colors and Star Trek II:	John Vargas	actor
occupation	Eleazar David David (June 8, 1811 -- February 1, 1887) was a Canadian cavalry officer, lawyer, and civil servant.	Eleazar David David	lawyer
occupation	Timothy Naftali is a Canadian-American historian and director of the Tamiment Library and Robert F. Wagner Archives at New York University.	Timothy Naftali	historian
occupation	Lateefa Al Gaood (Arabic: لطيفه القعود) is a Bahraini politician.	Lateefa Al Gaood	politician
occupation	Robert Leroy Powell (October 17, 1933 -- April 26, 2014), identified by his middle name on baseball cards but who preferred to be known as Bob Powell, was an American professional baseball player.	Leroy Powell	baseball player
occupation	David Edward Byrd (born April 4, 1941) is an American graphic artist, designer, illustrator and painter.	David Edward Byrd	artist	painter
occupation	Kristi Tauti (born February 7, 1979) is a professional figure competitor, fitness model, and personal trainer from Oregon.	Kristi Tauti	personal trainer
occupation	Ira Gasman is an American theatre writer and lyricist and newspaper columnist.	Ira Gasman	columnist
occupation	Shahzada Mohiuddin (Urdu: شہزادہ محی الدین), grandson of Sir Shuja ul-Mulk, is a veteran Pakistani politician, a former Federal and Provincial Minister, and Member of National Assembly.	Shahzada Mohiuddin	politician
occupation	Melody Thornton (born September 28, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter and dancer.	Melody Thornton	singer	dancer
occupation	Paddy Morgan is an Australian former professional snooker player from Ardoyne, Belfast, he was a prominent and successful player of both snooker and English billiards during the 1960s and 70's.	Paddy Morgan	snooker player
occupation	Gian Tommaso Scarascia Mugnozza (May 27, 1925 -- February 28, 2011) is an Italian agronomist and geneticist.	Gian Tommaso Scarascia Mugnozza	agronomist	geneticist
occupation	Tom Egbers (October 18, 1957 in Almelo) is a Dutch English journalist, writer and TV presenter (Studio Sport) since 1985.	Tom Egbers	writer	presenter
occupation	Rebekah Higgs (born May 19, 1982) is a Canadian indie rock singer, songwriter from Halifax, Nova Scotia.	Rebekah Higgs	singer
occupation	Michele Radosevich (October 7, 1947) is an American politician and lawyer.	Michele Radosevich	politician	lawyer
occupation	Reuben Zellman is an American teacher, author, and is the assistant rabbi and music director at Congregation Beth El in Berkeley, California.	Reuben Zellman	rabbi
occupation	Jeremy Edwardson (born March 25, 1979) is an American singer/songwriter, record producer, audio engineer, mixer, and former lead vocalist of the Seattle-based band, The Myriad.	Jeremy Edwardson	singer
occupation	Flavius Anthemius Isidorus (fl. 410-436) was a politician of the Eastern Roman Empire, the maternal uncle of the Western emperor Anthemius.	Anthemius Isidorus	politician
occupation	Katie Salen Tekinbas is a game designer, animator, and educator.	Katie Salen	game designer	animator
occupation	Wolf Englert (1924--1997) was a German painter and art director who designed the sets of a number of German films and television series.	Wolf Englert	painter
occupation	Richard of Staines (or Richard de Stanes) was an English clerical judge.	Richard of Staines	judge
occupation	Marc Alaimo (born Michael Anthony Alaimo; May 5, 1942) is an American actor, known for his villainous roles.	Marc Alaimo	actor
occupation	George Radwanski (February 28, 1947 -- September 18, 2014) was a public servant, policy adviser, journalist and author.	George Radwanski	journalist
occupation	Chief Olu Oyesanya was a Nigerian journalist and diplomat.	Chief Olu Oyesanya	journalist
occupation	Elizabeth Cook-Lynn (born 1930) is an editor, essayist, poet, novelist, and academic, whose trenchant views on Native American politics, particularly tribal sovereignty, have caused controversy.	Elizabeth Cook-Lynn	poet	novelist
occupation	Carol Cymbala is the choir director for the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir.	Carol Cymbala	choir director
occupation	Dixie Allen (born January 27, 1935) is a politician from Dayton, Ohio, who served in the Ohio House of Representatives and on the Montgomery County Commission.	Dixie Allen	politician
occupation	Asim Inam Osmani is a successful Pakistani engineer and the director and CEO (Chief Executive Officer) of Osmani & Company (Pvt.) Ltd., one of the oldest, largest and most reputed consultancy organizations in Pakistan.	Asim Inam Osmani	engineer
occupation	Federico Johow, born as Friedrich Richard Adelbert (or Adelbart) Johow; (February 5, 1859--April 30, 1933) was a German-Chilean botanist and biologist born in Kolmar, Province of Posen.	Federico Johow	botanist
occupation	SJ Stovall (September 26, 1925 -- July 14, 2010) was an American politician and civil engineer.	SJ Stovall	politician	civil engineer
occupation	Nuufolau Joel ``Joe'' Seanoa (born March 17, 1979), better known by his ring name Samoa Joe, is an American professional wrestler, currently signed to WWE.	Samoa Joe	professional wrestler
occupation	Manke Nelis, born Cornelis Pieters, was a Dutch singer in the levenslied genre.	Manke Nelis	singer
occupation	Ryeisha Berrain (born November 25, 1990), known by her stage name Rye Rye, is an American rapper, singer, dancer and actress.	Rye Rye	rapper	dancer
occupation	Charles Rappleye is a writer and editor working in Los Angeles.	Charles Rappleye	writer
occupation	John Dufilho is an American singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist best known as the lead creative talent behind indie rock band The Deathray Davies.	John Dufilho	singer, songwriter
occupation	Stephen Schaffer is a film editor who has worked on several films produced by Pixar.	Stephen Schaffer	film editor
occupation	Siavash Alamouti (Persian: سیاوش الموتی‎) is an Iranian-American engineer who is best known for the invention of the Alamouti space--time block code, filed in 1997 and patented jointly with Vahid Tarokh.	Siavash Alamouti	engineer
occupation	Edward Mitchell Bannister (ca. 1828 -- January 9, 1901) was a Black Canadian-American Tonalist painter.	Edward Mitchell Bannister	painter
occupation	Stephen Hodges (born February 12, 1952) is an American percussionist and composer.	Stephen Hodges	composer
occupation	Alice Barber Stephens (July 1, 1858 - July 13, 1932) was an American painter and engraver, best remembered for her illustrations.	Alice Barber Stephens	painter
occupation	Moe Jaffe (October 23, 1901 -- December 2, 1972) was a songwriter and bandleader who composed more than 250 songs.	Moe Jaffe	songwriter
occupation	Marcin Firlej (born May 4, 1975 in Rejowiec Fabryczny) is Polish journalist, writer and war correspondent.	Marcin Firlej	journalist	war correspondent
occupation	Wihthun's last datable subscriptions are to two charters of 805: a grant by Cuthred, King of Kent, to Archbishop Wulfred, and a grant by Coenwulf, King of Mercia, and Cuthred, King of Kent, to a priest called Wulfhard.	Wihthun	priest
occupation	Tony Posawatz (born 1960) is an American automotive engineer, best known for his work on the Chevrolet Volt, and in 2012 becoming chief executive of Fisker Automotive.	Tony Posawatz	engineer
occupation	Arie Vardi (Hebrew: אריה ורדי‎; born 1937 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli classical pianist, conductor and piano pedagogue.	Arie Vardi	conductor
occupation	James Roday (/roʊˈdeɪ/; born James David Rodriguez; April 4, 1976) is an American actor, director and screenwriter.	James Roday	actor	screenwriter
occupation	George Henry Paulin, often called Harry Paulin, or 'GHP' (his sculpting insignia) was a Scottish sculptor and artist of great note in the early 20th century.	George Henry Paulin	sculptor
occupation	Robin Spry (October 25, 1939 -- March 28, 2005) was a Canadian film director and television producer and screenwriter.	Robin Spry	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Nicki Hunter (born December 19, 1979) is an American pornographic film director, producer, make-up artist, radio personality, and former pornographic actress.	Nicki Hunter	film director
occupation	Sir Henry Lello was an English diplomat, warden of the Fleet Prison, and Keeper of the Palace of Westminster.	Henry Lello	diplomat
occupation	Tristram Coffin (August 13, 1909--March 26, 1990), also known as Tris Coffin, was a film and television actor from the latter 1930s through the 1970s, usually in westerns or other action-adventure productions.	Tris Coffin	actor
occupation	Ara Khachatryan (Armenian: Արա Խաչատրյան, born September 13, 1982 in Leninakan, Armenian SSR) is an Armenian weightlifter.	Ara Khachatryan	weightlifter
occupation	Harry Combes (March 3, 1915 -- November 13, 1977), a native of Monticello, Illinois, served as head men's basketball coach at University of Illinois between 1947 and 1967.	Harry Combes	basketball coach
occupation	Archie Bleyer (June 12, 1909 - March 20, 1989) was an American song arranger, bandleader, and record company executive.	Archie Bleyer	bandleader
occupation	Sujatha Singh is an Indian career diplomat who served as India's Foreign Secretary from August 2013 to January 2015.	Sujatha Singh	diplomat
occupation	Teairra Marí (born Teairra María Thomas; December 2, 1987) is an American singer-songwriter, dancer, hip hop model and actress.	Teairra Marí	singer
occupation	Herman Hollerith (February 29, 1860 -- November 17, 1929) was an American inventor who developed an electromechanical punched card tabulator to assist in summarizing information and, later, accounting.	Herman Hollerith	inventor
occupation	Cho Gab-je (Hangul: 조갑제; hanja: 趙甲濟; born, October 24, 1945) is a conservative South Korean journalist and entrepreneur.	Cho Gab-je	journalist
occupation	Carole Samaha (Arabic: كارول سماحة‎‎) is a Lebanese singer, actress, and performer.	Carole Samaha	singer
occupation	Néstor García Canclini (born 1939) is an Argentine-born academic and anthropologist, known for his theorization of the concept of ``hybridity.''	Néstor García Canclini	anthropologist
occupation	Nora Waln (1895--1964) was a best-selling American writer and journalist in the 1930s--50s, writing books and articles on her time spent in Germany and China.	Nora Waln	writer	journalist
occupation	Ray Cheney is a retired rugby union player and sportsman from Wales.	Ray Cheney	rugby union player
occupation	Pere Oller (fl. 1394 - 1442) was a Catalan Gothic sculptor.	Pere Oller	sculptor
occupation	Jatuporn Prompan (Thai: จตุพร พรหมพันธุ์; rtgs: Chatuphon Phromphan; Thai pronunciation: (t͡ɕàʔtùʔpʰɔːn pʰrompʰan); born October 5, 1965) is a Thai politician and activist.	Jatuporn Prompan	politician
occupation	Tierno Monénembo was a writer in residence in Cuba when he learned that we was the 2008 winner of the Renaudot Prize.	Tierno Monénembo	writer
occupation	Paul-André Fortier (born in 1948) is a Canadian choreographer and dancer living in Montreal.	Paul-André Fortier	choreographer
occupation	William S. Levise, Jr (born February 26, 1945), known better by his stage name Mitch Ryder, is an American musician who has recorded more than two dozen albums over more than four decades.	Mitch Ryder	musician
occupation	Hsu Ming-yuan (Chinese: 徐明淵; pinyin: Xú Míngyuān) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Hsu Ming-yuan	politician
occupation	William Donnison Ford (October 31, 1779 in Providence, Rhode Island -- October 1, 1833 in Sackets Harbor, New York), was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	William Donnison Ford	lawyer	politician
occupation	Stefano Hatfield is an English journalist and newspaper/magazine editor.	Stefano Hatfield	journalist
occupation	Stanley Andrews (August 28, 1891 -- June 23, 1969) was an American actor perhaps best known as the voice of Daddy Warbucks on the radio program Little Orphan Annie and later as ``The Old Ranger'', the first host of the syndicated western anthology television series, Death Valley Days.	Stanley Andrews	actor
occupation	Milton Bradley (November 8, 1836 -- May 30, 1911) was an American business magnate, game pioneer and publisher, credited by many with launching the board game industry in North America, which was inspired by European origin with, Milton Bradley Company.	Milton Bradley	publisher
occupation	Patrícia de Jesus, better known as Patrícia Dejesus or Pathy Dejesus (São Paulo, May 7, 1979), Brazilian actress, model and television presenter.	Patrícia Dejesus	model
occupation	Katharine Holabird (born January 23, 1948) is an American writer, best known as the author of the Angelina Ballerina series	Katharine Holabird	writer
occupation	Dr. Annamaria Orla-Bukowska is a social anthropologist at the Institute of Sociology of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków; and the Professor/Lecturer at the Center for Social Studies / Graduate School for Social Research of the Polish Academy of Sciences in Warsaw.	Annamaria Orla-Bukowska	anthropologist
occupation	Raluca Strămăturaru (born November 22, 1985) is a Romanian luger who has competed since 1996.	Raluca Strămăturaru	luger
occupation	David M. Pletcher (born June 14, 1920 - February 22, 2004) is a noted historian, considered an expert in his field.	David M. Pletcher	historian
occupation	Gilad Kahana (Hebrew: גלעד כהנא‎, born September 1, 1970) is an Israeli singer, composer, writer, and lead singer for the band Girafot.	Gilad Kahana	singer
occupation	Machy, known as Le Sieur de Machy (fl. second half the 17th century) was a French viol player, composer, and teacher remembered principally for his Pièces de Violle en Musique et en Tablature (1685), a valuable source of information on the performance practices of his time.	Le Sieur de Machy	viol player	composer
occupation	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina (Arabic: محمد الأخضر حمينة‎; born in M'sila on 26 February 1930) is an Algerian film director and screenwriter.	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Oli Beaudoin is the drummer of Kataklysm.	Oli Beaudoin	drummer
occupation	María Teresa Chacín (born in Caracas, January 22, 1945), is a Venezuelan singer.	María Teresa Chacín	singer
occupation	Guillem de Berguedà (c.1130--1195/6; fl.1138--1192), or Guilhem de Berguedan in Occitan, was a Catalan troubadour and viscount of Berguedà.	Guilhem de Berguedan	troubadour
occupation	Robby Blackwell (born September 21, 1986 in Dallas, Texas) is an American singer-songwriter, producer, and instrumentalist.	Robby Blackwell	singer-songwriter
occupation	Philip James (May 17, 1890 -- November 1, 1975) was an American composer, conductor and music educator.	Philip James	composer	conductor
occupation	Zacharie Dupuy (1608 or 1610 -- 1676) was a soldier and seigneur in New France.	Zacharie Dupuy	soldier
occupation	Gong Hyung-jin (born April 10, 1969) is a South Korean actor and television host.	Gong Hyung-jin	actor
occupation	Manmohan Nath Sharma (born November 1924) is an Indian architect and a heritage activist.	Manmohan Nath Sharma	architect
occupation	Jerome Charles White, Jr. (born September 4, 1981), better known by his stage name Jero (ジェロ), is an American enka singer of African and Japanese descent.	Jero	enka singer
occupation	David P. Campbell is an American psychologist who co-authored the Strong-Campbell Interest Inventory which is widely used in vocational counseling.	David P. Campbell	psychologist
occupation	Harold Mabern, Jr. (born March 20, 1936) is an American jazz pianist and composer, principally in the hard bop, post-bop and soul jazz fields.	Harold Mabern	pianist
occupation	Louis Sussmann-Hellborn (March 20, 1828 -- August 15, 1908), also spelled Ludwig Sussman Hellborn, was a German sculptor, painter, art collector and contractor.	Louis Sussmann-Hellborn	sculptor
occupation	Howard Ashley (H.L. Ashley) was a Scottish architect practicing in Malaya since 1952.	Howard Ashley	architect
occupation	Ernie Bourassa is a former Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Whitehorse, Yukon from 2000 to 2006.	Ernie Bourassa	politician
occupation	Candace Dempsey is an American author, journalist and travel writer.	Candace Dempsey	journalist
occupation	Sam Granick (February 16, 1909 - April 29, 1977) was an American biochemist known for his studies of ferritin and iron metabolism more broadly, of chloroplast structure, and of the biosynthesis of heme and related molecules.	Sam Granick	biochemist
occupation	Deyanira África Melo is a Mexican sculptor who generally works in ceramics, depicting elements of the human form, especially the torso, generally with mutilations and other disturbing elements to dispute the otherwise traditional and sensual depictions of the human body.	Deyanira África Melo	sculptor
occupation	Mischa Levitzki (also seen as Levitski; May 25, 1898 -- January 2, 1941) was a Russian-born American concert pianist.	Mischa Levitzki	pianist
occupation	William Alonso (January 29, 1933 -- February 11, 1999) was an Argentinian-born American planner and economist.	William Alonso	economist
occupation	Estefanía Bacca is an Argentine vedette, acrobat-dancer, actress, model and choreographer.	Estefanía Bacca	model	choreographer
occupation	Akira Rabelais is a Los Angeles-based composer and author.	Akira Rabelais	composer
occupation	Blanche Willis Howard (July 20, 1847 -- October 7, 1898) (aka Blanche Willis Howard von Teuffel) was a best-selling American novelist who lived most of her productive years in southern Germany.	Blanche Willis Howard	novelist
occupation	Apple Pope is an American rugby league player who currently plays for the United States national team.	Apple Pope	rugby league player
occupation	Sarah White is a singer-songwriter based in Richmond, Virginia, whose music can be roughly characterized as folk or alt-country.	Sarah White	singer-songwriter
occupation	Peter Alsop (born September 18, 1946) is an American musician whose work has ranged from satirical music for adults to children's music.	Peter Alsop	musician
occupation	Mark Abramson was an American record producer and artist.	Mark Abramson	artist
occupation	Jedidiah Morse (August 23, 1761 -- June 9, 1826) was a notable geographer whose textbooks became a staple for students in the United States.	Jedidiah Morse	geographer
occupation	Raquel Pennington (born September 5, 1988) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Ultimate Fighting Championship women's bantamweight division.	Raquel Pennington	mixed martial artist
occupation	Lin-Manuel Miranda (born January 16, 1980) is an American composer, lyricist, librettist, rapper, and actor, best known for creating and starring in the Broadway musicals In the Heights and Hamilton.	Lin-Manuel Miranda	composer
occupation	Sreerama Chandra Mynampati is a professional singer and 2010 Indian Idol winner from Hyderabad who debuted his playback career in the Telugu film industry.	Sreerama Chandra Mynampati	singer
occupation	Liesl Herbst (born November 8, 1902, Jaegerndorf, Silesia; died February 25, 1990, London, England) was an Austrian championship tennis player.	Liesl Herbst	tennis player
occupation	Jason JetPlane is an American pop, soul, and R&B singer-songwriter, record producer, pianist and drummer.	Jason JetPlane	singer-songwriter
occupation	Baba Shah Esfahani, also known as Baba Shah Araghi, was the most famous Iranian calligrapher in the 16th century and the most prominent calligrapher of Nastaliq script in the era of Tahmasp I. He was titled as Reyis or-Roassa.	Baba Shah Esfahani	calligrapher
occupation	Julio María Sosa Venturini (February 2, 1926 -- November 26, 1964), usually referred to simply as Julio Sosa or El Varón del Tango, was a Uruguayan tango singer.	Julio Sosa	singer
occupation	J. Patrick Greene OBE is a British archaeologist and a museum director.	J. Patrick Greene	archaeologist
occupation	Lorraine Bethel is an African-American lesbian feminist poet and author.	Lorraine Bethel	poet
occupation	John Brunne or Brun (died c.1405), of Willingham, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.	John Brunne	politician
occupation	James Timothy Shaw (August 9, 1939 -- January 30, 2014), known as The Mighty Hannibal, was an American R&B, soul and funk singer, songwriter and record producer.	The Mighty Hannibal	singer
occupation	Tim Harford (born 1973) is an English economist and journalist, residing in London.	Tim Harford	economist	journalist
occupation	Chinni Prakash is an Indian film choreographer, art director, actor, script-writer, director.	Chinni Prakash	choreographer
occupation	Thapelo Mokoena is a South African actor and television presenter best known for presenting the first season of the South African version of the reality competition Fear Factor in 2005.	Thapelo Mokoena	presenter
occupation	John Roger Voudouris (December 29, 1954 - August 3, 2003) was an American singer-songwriter/guitarist best known for his 1979 hit, ``Get Used to It.''	Roger Voudouris	songwriter
occupation	Kathleen Hays is a university-trained economist with experience at the Federal Reserve and who is now an on-air financial reporter for Bloomberg Television.	Kathleen Hays	economist
occupation	Furthermore, in 2014, according to ISI Web of Knowledge, Didier Raoult microbiologist is the 7th most cited worldwide.	Didier Raoult	microbiologist
occupation	Pyruz Payandeh Azad (Persian: پیروز پاینده آزاد‎‎, born May 4, 1962) is a Persian pop singer, songwriter, guitarist, and former member of the group Black Cats.	Pyruz	singer
occupation	Marcus Titius was a Roman politician (suffect consul in 31 BC) and commander at the end of the Roman Republic.	Marcus Titius	politician
occupation	J. P. Lockney (March 17, 1867, date of death unknown) was an American actor of the silent film era.	J. P. Lockney	actor
occupation	Randall Wallace (born July 28, 1949) is an American screenwriter, director, producer, and songwriter who came to prominence by writing the screenplay for the 1995 film Braveheart.	Randall Wallace	screenwriter
occupation	Fred R. Volkmar, M.D., is a psychiatrist, psychologist, and former director of the Yale Child Study Center.	Fred R. Volkmar	psychiatrist
occupation	Oliver Marc Hartwich (born 8 July 1975 in Gelsenkirchen) is a German economist and media commentator.	Oliver Marc Hartwich	economist
occupation	Johnnie Davis, also billed as Johnny Davis and Johnnie ``Scat'' Davis, (April 11, 1910 -- October 28, 1983) was an American actor, singer and trumpeter.	Johnnie Davis	actor	singer
occupation	Ashin used to be Mayday's sole composer; it was only during production of the band's fifth album that other band members began to contribute their own work.	Ashin	composer
occupation	Liaquat Ahamed (born on November 14, 1952 in Kenya) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning author.	Liaquat Ahamed	author
occupation	Irving Wallace (March 19, 1916 -- June 29, 1990) was an American best-selling author and screenwriter.	Irving Wallace	screenwriter
occupation	Shelley Mayfield (June 19, 1924 -- March 22, 2010) was an American golf course architect and professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1950s.	Shelley Mayfield	golfer
occupation	Clint Baker (born January 27, 1971, in Mountain View, California) is an American traditional jazz musician performing on cornet, trumpet, trombone, clarinet, saxophone, guitar, banjo, tuba, string bass, and drums.	Clint Baker	jazz musician
occupation	Molly Smith is an American theatre director and the artistic director of Arena Stage in Washington D.C..	Molly Smith	theatre director
occupation	Benedetto Briosco (c.1460--c.1517) was an Italian Renaissance sculptor and architect, active in Lombardy.	Benedetto Briosco	sculptor	architect
occupation	Leif Uvemark (1939--1996) was a Swedish trumpeter and conductor of Leif Uvemark Bigband.	Leif Uvemark	trumpeter
occupation	Sue Thompson (born Eva Sue McKee; July 19, 1925) is an American pop and country music singer.	Sue Thompson	singer
occupation	Tavo Hellmund (b. February 24, 1966; Austin, Texas) is an American former racing driver and promoter.	Tavo Hellmund	racing driver
occupation	Aleksandar Miladinovski (Macedonian: Александар Миладиновски; born August 4, 1979) is a Macedonian former swimmer, who specialized in butterfly and individual medley events.	Aleksandar Miladinovski	swimmer
occupation	Staff Sergeant George T. Alexander Jr. (August 5, 1971 -- October 22, 2005) was the 2,000th American soldier killed in combat in Iraq since the beginning of the 2003 Invasion of Iraq, according to the Associated Press.	George T. Alexander	soldier
occupation	Donald L. Graham (born December 15, 1948) is an American lawyer and Senior United States District Judge.	Donald L. Graham	lawyer
occupation	Med Hondo (born Mohamed Abid Hondo, May 4, 1936) is a Mauritanian film director, producer, screenwriter, actor and voice actor.	Med Hondo	film director	actor
occupation	Lauren van Oosten (born November 17, 1978) is a Canadian competition swimmer and a breaststroke specialist.	Lauren van Oosten	swimmer
occupation	James Kahn is an American medical specialist and writer, best known for his novelization of Return of the Jedi.	James Kahn	writer
occupation	Mauro Maur (born August 8, 1958) is an Italian trumpeter and composer.	Mauro Maur	trumpeter	composer
occupation	Ratu Suliano Matanitobua is a Fijian chief and politician, who previously served as Minister of State for Fijian Affairs in the early 2000s, and is currently an Opposition Member of Parliament.	Suliano Matanitobua	politician
occupation	Lee Toland Krieger (born January 24, 1983) is an American film director and screenwriter best known for the films The Vicious Kind (2008) and Celeste and Jesse Forever (2012).	Lee Toland Krieger	film director
occupation	Dixon Hall Lewis (August 10, 1802 -- October 25, 1848) was an American politician who served as a Representative and a Senator from Alabama.	Dixon Hall Lewis	politician
occupation	Eva Alterman Blay, a Brazilian sociologist, was born in São Paulo in 1937.	Eva Alterman Blay	sociologist
occupation	Ashok Shinde (Marathi:अशोक शिंदे) is an Indian film and stage actor, who works in Marathi cinema, known for films like Rangat Sangat .	Ashok Shinde	actor
occupation	Ketsia is a Haitian-Canadian singer and songwriter, born in Montreal, Quebec.	Ketsia	singer
occupation	Julyan Holmes is a Cornish scholar and poet.	Julyan Holmes	poet
occupation	Cecilia Jarlskog (born in 1941) is a Swedish theoretical physicist, working mainly on elementary particle physics.	Cecilia Jarlskog	physicist
occupation	Louis Fabian Bachrach, Jr. (April 9, 1917 -- February 26, 2010) was an American photographer, known for portraits of celebrities, politicians, presidents and other prominent individuals.	Louis Fabian Bachrach, Jr.	photographer
occupation	Robert Smoktunowicz (pronounced (ˈrɔbɛrt smɔktuˈnɔvit͡ʂ); born January 30, 1962 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician.	Robert Smoktunowicz	politician
occupation	Originally an influential merchant from the Wey (衛) state, Lü Buwei met and befriended King Zhuangxiang of Qin, who was then a minor prince serving as a hostage in the Zhao state.	Lü Buwei	merchant
occupation	Zhiuli Shartava (Georgian: ჟიული შარტავა) (March 7, 1944 -- September 27, 1993) was a Georgian politician and the Head of the Council of Ministers of the Autonomous Republic of Abkhazia who was killed by Abkhaz militants during the ethnic cleansing of Georgians in Abkhazia in 1993.	Zhiuli Shartava	politician
occupation	John D. Hancock (born February 12, 1939) is an American stage and film director, producer and writer.	John D. Hancock	film director
occupation	Amanda Hooton is an award winning Australian journalist and columnist with the Sydney Morning Herald and The Age often writing for the ``Good Weekend'' Magazine which is a weekend supplement that is distributed with those newspapers.	Amanda Hooton	journalist
occupation	Sam Groom (born June 13, 1938 in Columbus, Ohio) is an actor most noted for his numerous roles on television.	Sam Groom	actor
occupation	Vasileios Theodoridis (Greek: Βασίλειος Θεοδωρίδης) was a Greek journalist and anarchist.	Vasileios Theodoridis	journalist
occupation	Antonio Percassi (born June 9, 1953) is a former Italian football player and entrepreneur.	Antonio Percassi	entrepreneur
occupation	John Kuczynski (born October 16, 1973 in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania) is an American professional darts player.	John Kuczynski	darts player
occupation	Devendran is an Indian music composer who is concentrating in Tamil language films.	Devendran	composer
occupation	David J. Howe is a British writer, journalist, publisher, and media historian.	David J. Howe	historian
occupation	Ishaq Khan Khakwani (born 1 April 1949) is a senior Pakistani politician, engineer and a wealthy landlord.	Ishaq Khan Khakwani	politician
occupation	Mario G. Pino (born September 8, 1961, in Wilmington, Delaware) is a jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	Mario G. Pino	jockey
occupation	Sheryl Sheinafia Tjokro (born December 4, 1996), is an Indonesian singer-songwriter and actress.	Sheryl Sheinafia	singer
occupation	Alf Clausen (born March 28, 1941) is an American film and television composer.	Alf Clausen	composer
occupation	Carlos García Portela (born November 18, 1921 in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico) was a Puerto Rican lawyer, politician and former senator.	Carlos García Portela	politician
occupation	Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov (Russian: Никола́й Фёдорович Фёдоров; surname also Anglicized as ``Fedorov'') (June 9, 1829 -- December 28, 1903) was a Russian Orthodox Christian philosopher, who was part of the Russian cosmism movement and a precursor of transhumanism.	Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov	philosopher
occupation	John W. Hogan (November 10, 1853 in Troy, Rensselaer County, New York - January 30, 1926 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	John W. Hogan	lawyer
occupation	Rocco Urbisci is an American director, producer and film and television writer.	Rocco Urbisci	writer
occupation	Tyla Flexman (born July 16, 1986 in New Westminster, British Columbia) is a field hockey player from Canada who played midfield for the Canadian Women's National Field Hockey Team from 2004-2012.	Tyla Flexman	field hockey player
occupation	Mike Morley (born June 17, 1946) is an American golf course architect and a former professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour for 14 years.	Mike Morley	golfer
occupation	Glaydah Namukasa is a Ugandan writer and midwife.	Glaydah Namukasa	midwife
occupation	Reilley Rankin (born April 17, 1979) is an American professional golfer, currently playing on the LPGA Tour.	Reilley Rankin	golfer
occupation	Artūrs Jakovļevs (born May 30, 1967) is a Latvian former swimmer, who specialized in sprint butterfly events.	Artūrs Jakovļevs	swimmer
occupation	Acho Chakatouny (1895--1957) was an Armenian actor, film director and makeup artist associated with the silent era.	Acho Chakatouny	actor
occupation	Megan Romano (born February 2, 1991) is an American competition swimmer who specializes in backstroke and freestyle events.	Megan Romano	swimmer
occupation	Gilda Galán (January 16, 1917 -- June 21, 2009) was a Puerto Rican actress, dramaticist, comedian, writer, composer, scriptwriter and poet.	Gilda Galán	comedian	writer
occupation	Aldo Vergano was an Italian director, screenwriter and journalist.	Aldo Vergano	screenwriter	journalist
occupation	Peter McDowell is an American politician who represented the 4th Barnstable District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975 to 1979.	Peter McDowell	politician
occupation	Brian Glascock (born July 17, 1948) is known as a rock drummer for The Gods, Toe Fat, Carmen, Captain Beyond, Soy Cowboy, and primarily for The Motels.	Brian Glascock	drummer
occupation	Alexandra W. Logue is an academic and behavioral scientist.	Alexandra W. Logue	scientist
occupation	Jane Thornthwaite (born 1958 or 1959) is a Canadian politician and activist who was elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election.	Jane Thornthwaite	politician
occupation	George V. Higgins (November 13, 1939 -- November 6, 1999) was an American author, lawyer, newspaper columnist, and college professor.	George V. Higgins	lawyer
occupation	William Woollard (born 23 August 1939, London) is a British television producer and presenter.	William Woollard	television producer
occupation	Alan Rook was a Cairo poet and edited the 1936 issue of New Oxford Poetry.	Alan Rook	poet
occupation	Mark Damon (born April 22, 1933) is an American film actor and producer.	Mark Damon	actor
occupation	Anthony Yerkovich is an American television producer and writer.	Anthony Yerkovich	television producer
occupation	Sali Nivica or Sali Nivitza (May 15, 1890 -- January 10, 1920) was a politician, a patriot, an Albanian journalist and a teacher.	Sali Nivica	politician	journalist
occupation	Kalob Martinez is a Mexican-American actor and voice actor for ADV Films and Seraphim Digital.	Kalob Martinez	voice actor
occupation	Valda Cooper (November 15, 1915 -- April 12, 2008), whose full name was Valda ``Val'' Margaret Cooper Lavender, was a longtime award-winning American journalist and reporter.	Valda Cooper	journalist
occupation	Kurt Doles (born August 2, 1973) is an American composer and bass clarinetist.	Kurt Doles	composer
occupation	Ross Murdoch (born 14 January 1994) is a Scottish competitive swimmer who has represented Great Britain in the FINA world championships and European championships, and Scotland in the Commonwealth Games.	Ross Murdoch	swimmer
occupation	Adam M. Jarchow is an American lawyer and politician.	Adam M. Jarchow	lawyer
occupation	Simon J. Bronner (born April 7, 1954 in Haifa, Israel) is an American folklorist, ethnologist, historian, educator, and author.	Simon J. Bronner	historian
occupation	Amir Mansour (born Lavern Moorer; July 25, 1972) is an American professional boxer who fights at heavyweight.	Amir Mansour	boxer
occupation	Leslie Winer is an American fashion model, musician and poet.	Leslie Winer	model
occupation	Anne Howard Bailey (July 26, 1924 -- November 23, 2006) was an American writer known particularly for her work as a screenwriter and opera librettist.	Anne Howard Bailey	screenwriter	librettist
occupation	Vasile Bumacov (b. January 1, 1957, Mereseuca) is a politician from the Republic of Moldova.	Vasile Bumacov	politician
occupation	Secondo Campini (August 28, 1904 - February 7, 1980) was an Italian engineer and one of the pioneers of the jet engine.	Secondo Campini	engineer
occupation	Marc Aspland is an English photographer who works for The Times newspaper in London where he shoots sports photography.	Marc Aspland	photographer
occupation	Denys Berinchyk (also represented Denis Berinchik, Ukrainian: Денис Берінчик; born 5 May 1985) is a Ukrainian amateur boxer.	Denys Berinchyk	boxer
occupation	Benjamin Beresford is a British child actor known for his role as Joshua Peacock on ITV's Coronation Street.	Benjamin Beresford	actor
occupation	Kevin Rockett, PhD is an Irish film historian, writer and scholar, considered authoritative on the emergence and growth of scholarship on the history of Irish cinema.	Kevin Rockett	historian
occupation	Lord Jamar (born Lorenzo Dechalus, September 17, 1968) is an American rapper and actor.	Lord Jamar	rapper
occupation	Elizabeth Turk is an American sculptor who works primarily with marble, transforming this material into refined pieces infused with classical beauty.	Elizabeth Turk	sculptor
occupation	Frances Rich (January 8, 1910 -- October 14, 2007) was an American actress and sculptor.	Frances Rich	sculptor
occupation	Gary Mauer is an actor who most recently starred in the third national tour of The Phantom of the Opera playing the role of the Phantom.	Gary Mauer	actor
occupation	Apollonius of Perga (Greek: Ἀπολλώνιος; Latin: Apollonius Pergaeus; c. 262 BC -- c. 190 BC) was a Greek geometer and astronomer noted for his writings on conic sections.	Apollonius of Perga	astronomer
occupation	King Malachi Street (October 21, 1935 -- October 21, 1978), commonly known as Mel Street, was an American country music singer.	Mel Street	singer
occupation	Liliana Porter is a contemporary artist working in a wide variety of media, including photography, printmaking, mixed media pieces, installation, and video.	Liliana Porter	artist
occupation	Battista di Biagio Sanguigni, formerly known as the Master of 1419 (active 1393--1451) was an Italian painter from the region around Florence in the first half of the 15th century.	Battista di Biagio Sanguigni	painter
occupation	Saadia Afzaal is a Pakistani journalist and television news anchor.	Saadia Afzaal	journalist
occupation	Hampton Del Ruth (September 7, 1879 -- May 15, 1958) was an American film actor, director, screenwriter and film producer.	Hampton Del Ruth	actor	screenwriter	film producer
occupation	Paul Biddle is an English fine art photographer, who specialises in creating carefully studied surreal artworks using real objects and studio lighting for artistic effects.	Paul Biddle	photographer
occupation	Abdallah Elias Zaidan (born on March 10, 1963 in Kosaybé, Lebanon) is a Maronite Catholic bishop, or eparch, in the United States.	Abdallah Elias Zaidan	bishop
occupation	Sikander Baloch is a journalist, columnist, and anchor of the Kawish Television Network (KTN) of Pakistan.	Sikander Baloch	journalist
occupation	Luke Temple is an American pop-folk singer-songwriter.	Luke Temple	singer-songwriter
occupation	Merrick Thomson (born September 9, 1983) is a former professional lacrosse player from Hamilton, Ontario.	Merrick Thomson	lacrosse player
occupation	Carl Giammarese (born August 21, 1947) is an American musician, singer-songwriter and record producer.	Carl Giammarese	singer
occupation	Bozorg Alavi (بزرگ علوی in Persian) (February 2, 1904 -- February 18, 1997) was an influential Iranian writer, novelist, and political intellectual.	Bozorg Alavi	writer	novelist
occupation	Corinne West is an American singer-songwriter, born and raised in California.	Corinne West	singer-songwriter
occupation	Everett Riskin (1895-1982) was an American film producer, best known for his work at Columbia and MGM, where he specialised in comedies.	Everett Riskin	film producer
occupation	Mangku Muriati (born in 1967) is a traditional-style Balinese painter and priestess from Kamasan village near Klungkung, Bali, Indonesia.	Mangku Muriati	painter
occupation	Ricardo Araujo (July 20, 1978) is a Colombian pianist, composer and conductor.	Ricardo Araujo	pianist
occupation	Leonard Grunstein (born July 18, 1952) is an American finance executive, retired lawyer and philanthropist.	Leonard Grunstein	lawyer
occupation	Ric Waite (c. 1933 -- February 18, 2012) was an American cinematographer whose numerous film and television credits included Red Dawn, Footloose, 48 Hrs., and The Long Riders.	Ric Waite	cinematographer
occupation	Andy Maar (born December 19, 1983) is a Luxembourgish politician living in Belvaux.	Andy Maar	politician
occupation	Hsu Shui-teh (Chinese: 許水德; pinyin: Xú Shuǐdé) is a Taiwanese politician.	Hsu Shui-teh	politician
occupation	Jānis Kļaviņš had a short but bright chess player career.	Jānis Kļaviņš	chess player
occupation	Danny Lloyd (born January 1, 1973) is an American teacher and former child actor.	Danny Lloyd	actor
occupation	Under the stage name of Henri Fursy, he was a chansonnier, a singer of humorous songs, in Montmartre.	Henri Fursy	chansonnier
occupation	Robert Gwiazdowski (born 1960) is a Polish jurist and economist.	Robert Gwiazdowski	economist
occupation	Les Stroud (born October 20, 1961) is a Canadian survival expert, filmmaker and musician best known as the creator, writer, producer, director, cameraman and host of the television series Survivorman.	Les Stroud	musician
occupation	Walter Frank Woodul (September 25, 1892 -- October 1, 1984) was a Texas politician who was an early proponent of a state highway system.	Walter Frank Woodul	politician
occupation	Roger Welsch (born November 6, 1936) was a senior correspondent on the CBS News Sunday Morning program, and was featured in a segment called ``Postcards from Nebraska.''	Roger Welsch	correspondent
occupation	Born in Neptune, New Jersey, Wini Smart is a watercolorist and oil painter of marine and landscapes, many of them scenes of Maine, and her specialty is watercolors.	Wini Smart	painter
occupation	Anedie Azael (b. Port-au-Prince, 1988) is a Haitian model, activist, and best known as a beauty pageant contestant.	Anedie Azael	model
occupation	Heidi Albertsen (born September 1, 1976) is a Danish international model.	Heidi Albertsen	model
occupation	Utpaladeva, an influential philosopher-theologian of the Pratyabhijna school of Shaiva thought composed the Ishvara-pratyabhijna-karika, or 'Verses on the Recognition of the Lord' and the 'Shivastotravali'.	Utpaladeva	philosopher
occupation	Khurshid Eqbal (Urdu: خورشید اقبال‎) (born March 14, 1962) is an Urdu poet, writer and educationalist from India.	Khurshid Eqbal	poet
occupation	Paulo Betti (Born September 10, 1952) is a Brazilian stage, film and television actor.	Paulo Betti	actor
occupation	Lodge Kerrigan (born 1964) is an American motion picture screenwriter and director.	Lodge Kerrigan	screenwriter
occupation	Jordan Lund (born May 7, 1957) is an American stage, film and television character actor.	Jordan Lund	actor
occupation	Shahruz Afghami (Persian: ‌‌شهروز افخمی‎‎; born 1962) is an Iranian politician.	Shahruz Afghami	politician
occupation	Robert Sengstacke Abbott (November 24, 1870 -- February 29, 1940) was an African-American lawyer, newspaper publisher and an early African-American Bahá'í.	Robert Sengstacke Abbott	lawyer
occupation	Lizeth Rueda Santos (born March 7, 1994) is a Mexican distance swimmer.	Lizeth Rueda	swimmer
occupation	José Francisco Chaves (June 27, 1833 -- November 26, 1904) was a nineteenth-century military leader, politician, lawyer and rancher from the New Mexico Territory.	José Francisco Chaves	politician
occupation	Nick Halling is a British sports broadcaster and journalist.	Nick Halling	journalist
occupation	Vivek Khatkar (born 1986) is an Indian film producer, who is best known for his award winning and internationally acclaimed film Lahore .	Vivek Khatkar	film producer
occupation	Henry Ludwell Moore (November 21, 1869 -- April 28, 1958) was an American economist known for his pioneering work in econometrics.	Henry Ludwell Moore	economist
occupation	Philip Weiss is an American journalist who co-edits Mondoweiss (``a news website devoted to covering American foreign policy in the Middle East, chiefly from a progressive Jewish perspective'') with journalist Adam Horowitz.	Philip Weiss	journalist
occupation	Rabbi Shergill (born Gurpreet Singh Shergill, 1973) is an Indian musician well known for his debut album Rabbi and the chart-topper song of 2005, Bullah Ki Jaana (``I know not who I am!'').	Rabbi Shergill	musician
occupation	Mubarak Hassan Shami (Arabic: مبارك حسن شامي‎, born Richard Yatich on December 1, 1980) is a Kenyan-born Qatari long-distance runner.	Mubarak Hassan Shami	long-distance runner
occupation	Gordon Tipple is a Canadian actor known for his roles in Time Runner, Doctor Who, and Leaving Normal.	Gordon Tipple	actor
occupation	Chuck Eddy (born November 26, 1960) is an American music journalist.	Chuck Eddy	journalist
occupation	Nadège du Bospertus is a French model and former judge on Italia's Next Top Model.	Nadège du Bospertus	model
occupation	Jason Gilkison is an Australian professional ballroom dance champion and choreographer.	Jason Gilkison	choreographer
occupation	Zygmunt Muchniewski (1896--1979) was a Polish politician who headed the Christian Democracy party and was the Prime Minister of the Polish Government in Exile from 16 July 1970--	Zygmunt Muchniewski	politician
occupation	John D. Petersen (born November 21, 1947) is an American chemist and educator who was president of the University of Tennessee system.	John D. Petersen	chemist
occupation	John Scarne (/ˈskɑːrni/; March 4, 1903 -- July 7, 1985) was an American magician and book author who was particularly adept at playing card manipulation.	John Scarne	magician
occupation	Patricia Zavala Nicoloso is a Venezuelan model and television host.	Patricia Zavala	model
occupation	Warren William (born Warren William Krech; December 2, 1894 -- September 24, 1948) was a Broadway and Hollywood actor, immensely popular during the early 1930s; he was later nicknamed the ``King of Pre-Code''.	Warren William	actor
occupation	George Henry Bradbury (June 25, 1859 -- September 6, 1925) was a politician and manufacturer.	George Henry Bradbury	politician
occupation	Domenico Beceri (active 1527) was an Italian painter active in the Renaissance period, mainly in his hometown of Florence.	Domenico Beceri	painter
occupation	Shwayze is the stage name of Aaron Smith (born May 29, 1985), an American rapper.	Shwayze	rapper
occupation	Joseph Owono (1921 -- December 17, 1981) was a Cameroonian writer and diplomat.	Joseph Owono	diplomat
occupation	Ralph Erwin (1896--1943) was an Austrian-born French composer who worked on a number of film scores.	Ralph Erwin	composer
occupation	Lahannya is a singer, songwriter and performer.	Lahannya	singer
occupation	Sidney Olcott (September 20, 1872 -- December 16, 1949) was a Canadian-born film producer, director, actor and screenwriter.	Sidney Olcott	film producer	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Jared Kuemper is a Canadian born producer, songwriter, engineer, and audio mixer.	Jared Kuemper	engineer
occupation	Richard D. Wood (born June 3, 1955, Boulder, Colorado) is an American molecular biologist specializing in research on DNA repair and mutation.	Richard D. Wood	molecular biologist
occupation	June Goodfield is a British historian, scientist, and writer of both fiction and non-fiction.	June Goodfield	historian
occupation	Lewis Montagna (May 16, 1887 -- January 24, 1950), born Luigi Montagna and better known as Bull Montana, was a professional wrestler and Italian-American actor.	Bull Montana	professional wrestler	actor
occupation	LaVerne Clark is an American mixed martial artist and a former professional boxer.	LaVerne Clark	mixed martial artist	boxer
occupation	Lâm Nhật Tiến (born on September 3, 1971 in Vietnam) is a Vietnamese American singer.	Lâm Nhật Tiến	singer
occupation	Paula Bourne is a Canadian historian and professional educator whose research, writing and teaching focuses on Canadian women's history, contemporary issues facing Canadian women, and gender issues and education.	Paula Bourne	historian
occupation	Murray Klein (March 25, 1923 -- December 6, 2007) was a Jewish American entrepreneur who helped transform New York City's famous Zabar's speciality food emporium from a small Jewish delicatessen based on Manhattan's Upper West Side into one of the city's premier culinary destinations.	Murray Klein	entrepreneur
occupation	Alexandra Kotur is an American author and fashion journalist.	Alexandra Kotur	journalist
occupation	Sigurd Solid was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed in the 1930s.	Sigurd Solid	ski jumper
occupation	Rachel Aukes is an American horror / science fiction / fantasy novelist best known for the Deadland Saga.	Rachel Aukes	novelist
occupation	Laïla Abid (born March 21, 1977 in Meknes, Morocco) is a Moroccan-Dutch journalist, presenter and news anchor.	Laïla Abid	journalist	presenter
occupation	Ernest Kent Coulter (November 14, 1871 -- May 1, 1952), was a War Veteran journalist, lawyer, public administrator, and developer of civil society and human welfare programs most notably through his work in child advocacy.	Ernest Kent Coulter	journalist
occupation	Walter Inglis Anderson (September 29, 1903 -- November 30, 1965) was an American painter, writer, and naturalist.	Walter Inglis Anderson	painter
occupation	Dr. Estelle Lazer is a freelance archaeologist who has worked on sites in the Middle East, Italy, Cyprus, the UK, Antarctica and Australia.	Estelle Lazer	archaeologist
occupation	Ifeanyi also credited as Ifeanyi Chijindu is a Nigerian-American author/writer, entrepreneur, artist, actress and screenwriter.	Ifeanyi Chijindu	artist
occupation	Manuel Berberian is an Iranian-Armenian earth scientist, specializing in earthquake seismology, active faulting and folding, active tectonics, continental tectonics, historical seismicity, archaeoseismicity, earthquake hazard minimization, geological mapping, and environmental science and engineering.	Manuel Berberian	scientist
occupation	Diego Seminario De Col (born May 12, 1989) is a Peruvian actor and industrial designer.	Diego Seminario	actor
occupation	Francis Towne (1739 or 1740 -- 7 July 1816) was a British watercolour landscape painter and teacher, who spent his career between his native London and Exeter.	Francis Towne	painter
occupation	Adam Busch (born July 6, 1978) is an American actor best known starring as Warren Mears on the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Adam Busch	actor
occupation	In October 1942, at the age of 22, Hildegard Lächert, a German nurse, was called to serve at Majdanek as an Aufseherin.	Hildegard Lächert	nurse
occupation	Enrique Tirabocchi (variously spelled as Enrico Tiraboschi) was an Argentinian marathon swimmer who in August 1926 became the fourth person to successfully swim across the English Channel.	Enrique Tirabocchi	swimmer
occupation	Marie Meyer (born July 18, 1984) in Mulhouse, France is an actress and model.	Marie Meyer	model
occupation	Sandahl Bergman (born November 14, 1951) is an American dancer, stuntwoman, and actress.	Sandahl Bergman	dancer
occupation	Rafael Bolívar Coronado was a Venezuelan composer and author.	Rafael Bolívar Coronado	composer
occupation	H. John Caulfield (March 25, 1936 -- January 31, 2012) was a well-known American physicist who specialized in holography and optical computing.	H. John Caulfield	physicist
occupation	Ramiz Hasanov Ayvaz oglu (Azerbaijani: Ramiz Həsənov Ayvaz oğlu; born August 20, 1961) is an Azerbaijani politician who serves as the Chairman of State Committee on Standardization, Metrology and Patents of Azerbaijan Republic.	Ramiz Hasanov	politician
occupation	Mark Ramos Nishita, known professionally as Money Mark, is an American producer and musician, best known for his collaborations with the Beastie Boys from 1992 until 2011.	Money Mark	musician
occupation	Adam Purple (November 10, 1930 -- September 14, 2015) was an activist and urban Edenist or ``Guerrilla Gardener'' famous in New York City for his ``Garden of Eden''.	Adam Purple	activist
occupation	Takeo Shiota (July 13, 1881 - December 3, 1943) was a Japanese-American landscape architect, best known for his design of the Japanese Hill-and-Pond Garden at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.	Takeo Shiota	landscape architect
occupation	Johan Gottlieb Gahn (August 19, 1745 -- December 8, 1818) was a Swedish chemist and metallurgist who discovered manganese in 1774.	Johan Gottlieb Gahn	chemist
occupation	Professor Lawrence Lau Juen-yee, JP (Chinese: 劉遵義; born 1944) is a Hong Kong economist and the former Vice-Chancellor of the Chinese University of Hong Kong.	Lawrence Lau	economist
occupation	Nate Bauers (born March 11, 1982 in Oakton, Virginia) was a professional lacrosse player with the Washington Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse.	Nate Bauers	lacrosse player
occupation	Mark Lukasiewicz (born March 8, 1973 in Jersey City, New Jersey) is a former professional baseball player who played two seasons for the Anaheim Angels of Major League Baseball.	Mark Lukasiewicz	baseball player
occupation	Tang Xiaodan (Chinese: 汤晓丹; February 22, 1910 -- January 21, 2012) was a Chinese film director.	Tang Xiaodan	film director
occupation	Ryan Zoghlin is an artist and photographer.	Ryan Zoghlin	photographer
occupation	Vera Katz (born August 3, 1933) is an American Democratic politician in the state of Oregon.	Vera Katz	politician
occupation	Tom Sturges is an American music executive, teacher, speaker, and author.	Tom Sturges	music executive
occupation	Sadia Groguhé (born November 9, 1962), is a French-Canadian politician.	Sadia Groguhé	politician
occupation	Fily Dabo Sissoko is chiefly remembered as one of the most influential political leaders of pre-independence Mali, primary conservative rival to Mali's first President Modibo Keita, and an influential writer of the Negritude movement.	Fily Dabo Sissoko	writer
occupation	Christie Brinkley (born Christie Lee Hudson; February 2, 1954) is an American model and actress.	Christie Brinkley	model
occupation	Abe Olman (December 20, 1887 -- January 4, 1984), born Abraham Olshewitz, was an American songwriter and music publisher.	Abe Olman	songwriter
occupation	Jolin Tsai (Chinese: 蔡依林, born September 15, 1980) is a Taiwanese singer, songwriter, dancer, actress and entrepreneur.	Jolin Tsai	singer	dancer
occupation	Julien Mertine (born 26 June 1988) is a French foil fencer, team European and team World champion in 2014.	Julien Mertine	fencer
occupation	Jihad Khodr (born December 30, 1983) is a Brazilian professional surfer.	Jihad Khodr	surfer
occupation	Daniel Lapaine (born 15 June 1971) is an Australian stage, film and television actor, currently residing in London.	Daniel Lapaine	actor
occupation	Toanui Isamaela is a Cook Islands politician and member of the Cook Islands Parliament, representing the Amuri-Ureia Constituency.	Toanui Isamaela	politician
occupation	Edward Gaylord Bourne, Ph. D. (June 24, 1860 -- February 24, 1908) was an American historian, born in Strykersville, New York, and educated at Yale graduating in 1883 with high honors.	Edward Gaylord Bourne	historian
occupation	Kenneth Harlan (July 26, 1895 -- March 6, 1967) was an American actor of the silent film era, playing mostly romantic leads or adventurer types.	Kenneth Harlan	actor
occupation	Brendan Price is a British theatre, movie, and television actor.	Brendan Price	actor
occupation	Dr. Laurie Rozakis (born July 20, 1952) is a writer of the Complete Idiots books and an expert on writing, grammar, usage, test preparation, and coaching writers.	Laurie Rozakis	writer
occupation	Michael L. Marin is an American vascular surgeon, the first in the United States to perform minimally invasive aortic aneurysm surgery (stent graft procedure) together with Drs. Frank Veith, Juan C. Parodi and Claudio J. Schonholz.	Michael L. Marin	surgeon
occupation	Tony Swartz (born September 24, 1943 in Iowa as Russell Anthony Swartz) is an American actor whose roles include Flight Sergeant Jolly on the original Battlestar Galactica television series.	Tony Swartz	actor
occupation	Iowa athletic director Bump Elliott took Bob Commings up on his challenge, making him the 23rd head coach in the history of Iowa football by signing him to a one-year contract for the 1974 season.	Bob Commings	head coach
occupation	Milan Smrčka, more known as Záviš, is a Czech singer, guitarist and poet.	Milan Smrčka	singer
occupation	Jan Staller is an American photographer who captures imagery of urban landscapes that focus on patterns of highway graveyards, unfinished buildings, and ongoing construction sites.	Jan Staller	photographer
occupation	Samuel Prescott Hildreth (1783--1863) was a pioneer physician, scientist, and historian, authoring numerous scientific and historical works.	Samuel Prescott Hildreth	physician	scientist	historian
occupation	Richard La Ruina is a London-based entrepreneur, author and dating coach.	Richard La Ruina	entrepreneur
occupation	Nicholas Huddleston (fl. 1404), of Lincoln, was an English politician.	Nicholas Huddleston	politician
occupation	John Malcolm Macgregor CVO (born 3 October 1946) is a retired British diplomat who was ambassador to Poland and Austria.	John Malcolm Macgregor	diplomat
occupation	Faith Hill (born Audrey Faith Perry; September 21, 1967) is an American country pop singer and occasional actress.	Faith Hill	singer
occupation	Andrew Fried (born February 10, 1976 in Long Beach, New York) is an American television and film producer and president of Boardwalk Pictures.	Andrew Fried	film producer
occupation	Tracy Claeys (born December 25, 1968) is an American football coach who is currently the head coach at the University of Minnesota.	Tracy Claeys	head coach
occupation	Edward Hyland, more commonly known as Eddie Hyland, (born 24 April 1984 in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish professional boxer who fights in the super featherweight division.	Eddie Hyland	boxer
occupation	Mingjie Zhang (Chinese: 张明杰), born in Ningbo, is a famous structural biologist in China.	Mingjie Zhang	biologist
occupation	Frank E. Mann (May 1, 1920 -- April 25, 2007) was a politician from the state of Virginia.	Frank E. Mann	politician
occupation	Nicholas Lens (born 1957) is a Belgian composer of contemporary music, particularly known for his operas.	Nicholas Lens	composer
occupation	Felix Octave Pavy (November 27, 1879 -- May 13, 1962), was a physician and Democratic politician from Opelousas, Louisiana.	Felix Octave Pavy	physician	politician
occupation	Irv Bauer also known as Irvin S. Bauer was an American playwright, screenwriter, educator and theatre critic based in New York.	Irv Bauer	playwright	screenwriter	educator	theatre critic
occupation	Priyanka Singh Rawat is politician from Bhartiya Janata Party.	Priyanka Singh Rawat	politician
occupation	Michael Stahl-David (born October 28, 1982) is an American actor, known for his role as Sean Donnelly on the NBC drama series The Black Donnellys and his lead role in the J. J. Abrams-produced film Cloverfield.	Michael Stahl-David	actor
occupation	Luis Orlando Lagos Vásquez (January 17, 1913 -- February 4, 2007), also known as ``Chico Lagos'', was a Chilean photographer best known for his work photographing Chilean president Salvador Allende.	Orlando Lagos	photographer
occupation	Slade Callaghan (born August 21, 1970 in Bridgetown, Barbados) is a jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing.	Slade Callaghan	jockey
occupation	Hamish McLeod is a former East African cricketer, who played in the 1975 Cricket World Cup.	Hamish McLeod	cricketer
occupation	Andre Brandon deWilde (April 9, 1942 -- July 6, 1972) was an American theatre, film, and television actor.	Brandon deWilde	actor
occupation	Daisy Mallory (born May 19, 1993) is a country music singer-songwriter based in Nashville, Tennessee.	Daisy Mallory	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kazimierz Ludwik Bieliński (?-1713) was a Polish noble, politician and diplomat.	Kazimierz Ludwik Bieliński	diplomat
occupation	Richard Ned Lebow (legal date of birth, April 24, 1942) is an American political scientist best known for his work in international relations, political psychology, classics and philosophy of science.	Richard Ned Lebow	political scientist
occupation	Michael T. Goodrich is a mathematician and computer scientist.	Michael T. Goodrich	computer scientist
occupation	Rosalba Géraldine Bazán Ortíz (born January 30, 1983) is a Mexican actress, singer, and anchorwoman currently living in Miami.	Géraldine Bazán	singer
occupation	Cliffton Hall (born February 10, 1975 in Oakland, California) is an American theater actor and singer.	Cliffton Hall	actor
occupation	Harley Gaber (June 5, 1943 -- June 16, 2011) was a visual artist and composer known for his minimalist and spectral approaches to time and sound.	Harley Gaber	composer
occupation	Hayley Marie Kohle (May 6, 1982 -- October 11, 2008) was a Canadian fashion model active in the 2000s.	Hayley Marie Kohle	fashion model
occupation	Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici (August 4, 1463 -- May 20, 1503), nicknamed the Popolano, was an Italian banker and politician, and the brother of Giovanni il Popolano.	Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de' Medici	politician
occupation	Tony Leech is an American director, screenwriter and actor.	Tony Leech	actor
occupation	Ettore Muti (May 2, 1902--August 24, 1943) was an Italian aviator and Fascist politician.	Ettore Muti	aviator	politician
occupation	Carlos Wilcox (October 22, 1794 - May 29, 1827) was a minor American poet.	Carlos Wilcox	poet
occupation	Cristina Otero (born Cristina Otero Pascual; November 29, 1995) is a Spanish photographer and artist best known for her self portraits.	Cristina Otero	photographer
occupation	Carlos Gamerro is an Argentinean novelist, critic, and translator.	Carlos Gamerro	novelist
occupation	Anita West is a British actress and former television presenter.	Anita West	presenter
occupation	Stephen Dorff (born July 29, 1973) is an American actor, known for portraying Stuart Sutcliffe in Backbeat, Johnny Marco in Sofia Coppola's Somewhere, and for his roles in Blade, Cecil B. DeMented, The Motel Life, and Space Truckers.	Stephen Dorff	actor
occupation	Mohsin Naqvi (1947−1996) was a renowned Pakistani poet.	Mohsin Naqvi	poet
occupation	Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur (Urdu: میر بندہ علی خان تالپور ‎) was a politician from Sindh, Pakistan.	Mir Bandeh Ali Khan Talpur	politician
occupation	William Wagstaff, commonly known as Will Wagstaff, is a leading ornithologist and naturalist in the Isles of Scilly, and also an author.	Will Wagstaff	ornithologist
occupation	Chow Chi Yuen (Chinese:周至元), born in Shunde, Guangdong, China, is a Chinese entrepreneur and the founder of Chow Tai Fook Jewellry Company.	Chow Chi Yuen	entrepreneur
occupation	Jeff Dawson is a Canadian record producer, song writer, engineer, and mixer.	Jeff Dawson	record producer
occupation	Cícero Moraes is a Brazilian 3D designer, which through open source programs like InVesalius, Blender and MakeHuman has become a reference in the field of forensic facial reconstruction in his country.	Cícero Moraes	designer
occupation	Máiréad Carlin is an Irish singer and a member of the ensemble Celtic Woman.	Máiréad Carlin	singer
occupation	George Duning (February 25, 1908 -- February 27, 2000) was an American musician and film composer.	George Duning	musician	composer
occupation	Charlie Ellix is an English former darts player.	Charlie Ellix	darts player
occupation	Sudhakar Bokade was an Indian film producer predominantly working in Bollywood film industry.	Sudhakar Bokade	film producer
occupation	Erin Gruwell (born August 15, 1969) is an American teacher known for her unique teaching method, which led to the publication of The Freedom Writers Diary:	Erin Gruwell	teacher
occupation	Takeshi Nagano (永野健 Nagano Takeshi, born July 11, 1985) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Panasonic Panthers.	Takeshi Nagano	volleyball player
occupation	William Wirt Kimball (January 9, 1848 -- January 26, 1930) was a U.S. naval officer and an early pioneer in the development of submarines.	William Wirt Kimball	officer
occupation	Liran Shoshan, better known by his stage name Lyrik (in Hebrew ליריק), is an Israeli music producer, songwriter and singer born in Jerusalem, Israel.	Lyrik	singer
occupation	Sofia Cocea, also known under her married name as Sofia Chrisoscoleu or Sofia Hrisoscoleu (1839--1861), was a Moldavian-born Romanian essayist, journalist and poet.	Sofia Cocea	journalist
occupation	James C. Leary (born August 26, 1973) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the relatively benign demon Clem who appears in Seasons Six and Seven of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	James C. Leary	actor
occupation	Heinrich Lamm, a Jewish physician, was a pioneer of using optical fibers for communication purpose.	Heinrich Lamm	physician
occupation	Katherine Tate (born November 8, 1962) is an American political scientist best known for her research on race and ethnic minority politics.	Katherine Tate	political scientist
occupation	Oliver Evans (September 13, 1755 -- April 15, 1819) was an American inventor, engineer and businessman.	Oliver Evans	inventor
occupation	Paz Lenchantin (born December 12, 1973) is an Argentine American musician.	Paz Lenchantin	musician
occupation	David Leppard is a British journalist and assistant investigations editor of The Sunday Times.	David Leppard	journalist
occupation	Gary Talley (born August 17, 1947) is an American guitarist, singer, songwriter and author.	Gary Talley	songwriter
occupation	John Edward Heys (born April 24, 1948) is an American independent filmmaker, actor and writer who lives and works in Berlin.	John Edward Heys	actor
occupation	Archibald McIntyre (June 1, 1772 Kenmore, Perthshire, Scotland -- May 6, 1858 Albany, Albany County, New York) was an American merchant and politician.	Archibald McIntyre	politician
occupation	Rod Monroe (born August 20, 1942) is an American Democratic politician from the US state of Oregon.	Rod Monroe	politician
occupation	John N. Bambacus (born May 28, 1945) is an American politician, and represented District 1 in the Maryland Senate, which covers Garrett, Allegany, and Washington Counties.	John N. Bambacus	politician
occupation	Graduate from the École centrale de Lyon (promotion 1979), Hervé Renaudeau began his career as a hardware design engineer on the Mirage 2000 autopilot from 1980 to 1981, then as a simulator design engineer for company Crouzet (1981--1984).	Hervé Renaudeau	engineer
occupation	William Shaler (1773 -- March 29, 1833) was an American government official who served as a diplomat and confidential agent in several foreign locations, including Algiers, Mexico and Cuba.	William Shaler	diplomat
occupation	Linda A. Morabito (born November 21, 1953), also known as Linda Kelly, Linda Hyder, and Linda Morabito-Meyer, is the astronomer who made the discovery of volcanic activity on Io, a moon of Jupiter, on March 9, 1979, at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.	Linda A. Morabito	astronomer
occupation	Frankie Chan Fan-kei (born 1951) is a Chinese martial arts actor, film director, producer, action director, and composer.	Frankie Chan	actor	composer
occupation	Eugen Felix (born 27 of April 1836, died 21 of August 1906) was an Austrian painter.	Eugen Felix	painter
occupation	Herbert Pigg (4 September 1856 -- 8 June 1913) was an English cricketer who played first-class cricket for Cambridge University, the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) and other amateur sides between 1877 and 1891.	Herbert Pigg	cricketer
occupation	Norman M. Scott was a Canadian figure skater who competed in both single skating and pair skating.	Norman M. Scott	figure skater
occupation	Brett Grimley (born 3 March 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Brett Grimley	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Hamza El Din (July 10, 1929 -- May 22, 2006) was a Nubian Egyptian composer, oud player, tar player, and vocalist.	Hamza El Din	composer
occupation	Andre Cason (born January 20, 1969) is an American former sprinter and a convicted fraudster.	Andre Cason	sprinter
occupation	Per Flatberg (born September 18, 1937) is a Norwegian environmentalist and pharmacist.	Per Flatberg	pharmacist
occupation	Jessica Cambensy, also known as Jessica C. (born April 18, 1988) is an American-born model and actress.	Jessica Cambensy	model
occupation	Steve Roccaforte (born May 21, 1965) is currently an assistant men's basketball coach at Virginia Tech. He joined Buzz Williams' staff on July 9, 2014 after three seasons as an assistant at the University of South Florida.	Steve Roccaforte	basketball coach
occupation	Arthur Fehr, F.A.I.A. (November 19, 1904 - January 23, 1969) was an American architect who turned in mid-career from his traditional architectural education to the Modern or International style and was one of its first practitioners in Texas.	Arthur Fehr	architect
occupation	David Reilly (May 5, 1971 -- October 16, 2005) was the singer and songwriting/production partner in the electro-rock band God Lives Underwater (GLU), signed by Rick Rubin to American Recordings in 1993.	David Reilly	singer
occupation	Georg Heike (German: (ˈɡeːɔʁk ˈhaɪkə); born July 21, 1933) is a German phonetician and linguist.	Georg Heike	linguist
occupation	Barbara Plett-Usher is a Canadian born UK journalist with experience in the Middle East and the UN.	Barbara Plett	journalist
occupation	Yacouba Sawadogo is a farmer from the west African nation of Burkina Faso who has been successfully using a traditional farming technique called Zaï to restore soils damaged by desertification and drought.	Yacouba Sawadogo	farmer
occupation	Richard McKeon (/məˈkiːən/; April 26, 1900 -- March 31, 1985) was an American philosopher.	Richard McKeon	philosopher
occupation	George Huntston Williams (April 7, 1914 in Huntsburg -- October 6, 2000) was an American professor of Unitarian theology and historian of the Socinian movement.	George Huntston Williams	historian
occupation	Stewart MacFarlane is a figurative Australian painter.	Stewart MacFarlane	painter
occupation	Ben Lyon (February 6, 1901 -- March 22, 1979) was an American actor and a studio executive at 20th Century Fox.	Ben Lyon	actor
occupation	In March 2006, during an episode of Sex Pistols guitarist Steve Jones' radio show Jonesy's Jukebox, Andrew W.K. debuted a new song entitled ``I'm a Vagabond''.	Andrew W.K.	guitarist
occupation	Peter Thomas Ruocco, also known as Peter Ruocco, is an American film actor, theatre actor, and theatre director based in San Francisco, California.	Peter Ruocco	theatre director
occupation	Sharon Sayles Belton (born May 13, 1951) is an American community leader, politician and activist.	Sharon Sayles Belton	politician
occupation	Larry Correia is an American fantasy novelist, known for his Monster Hunter and Grimnoir Chronicles series.	Larry Correia	novelist
occupation	Luigi Pagano was an Italian painter, known for his colorful depictions of his native Campania.	Luigi Pagano	painter
occupation	Jan Goldsmith is a Republican politician from San Diego, CA who currently serves as the San Diego City Attorney.	Jan Goldsmith	politician
occupation	Ken Overlin (August 15, 1910 -- July 24, 1969), was an American-born middleweight boxer who fought professionally from 1931 to 1944, compiling a record of 131 wins (23 by knockout), 18 losses, and 9 draws.	Ken Overlin	boxer
occupation	Dorothy von Beroldingen (d. December 20, 1999) was an American lawyer, judge, and political figure.	Dorothy von Beroldingen	lawyer	judge
occupation	William Thomas Lucas (July 26, 1875 -- March 27, 1973) was a Canadian farmer and a federal politician.	William Thomas Lucas	politician
occupation	Jacob Sacks is an American jazz pianist and composer.	Jacob Sacks	pianist
occupation	Benito Canónico (January 3, 1894 -- October 13, 1971) was a Venezuelan composer, musician, orchestrator and teacher.	Benito Canónico	composer
occupation	Sripathi Panditharadhyula Balasubrahmanyam Charan, popularly known as S. P. B. Charan, is an Indian film playback singer, actor, and producer known for his works primarily in Tamil Cinema Son of popular Indian singer S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, he first worked as a playback singer in the Tamil and Telugu cinema.	S. P. B. Charan	singer	actor
occupation	Beverly Thomson (born April 15, 1966) is a Canadian journalist and co-host of Canada AM, CTV's national morning show.	Beverly Thomson	journalist
occupation	Percy Brand Blanshard (August 27, 1892 -- November 19, 1987) was an American philosopher known primarily for his defense of reason.	Brand Blanshard	philosopher
occupation	Mikuláš of Kadaň (Czech: Mikuláš z Kadaně) was an Imperial clockmaker who designed the clock machine of Prague Orloj together with Jan Šindel around 1410 (the Emperor at that time was Wenceslas IV).	Mikuláš of Kadaň	clockmaker
occupation	Bobby Few (born October 21, 1935) is an American jazz pianist and vocalist.	Bobby Few	pianist
occupation	Fatmawati Salapuddin is a Filipino politician and director of the Sulu-based Lupah Sug Bangsamoro Women's Association.	Fatmawati Salapuddin	politician
occupation	Denise McCann (born December 16, 1948, in Clinton, Iowa) is an American-Canadian singer/songwriter.	Denise McCann	singer
occupation	Ed Peranio is an American film actor and associate production designer, working primarily in the films of John Waters.	Ed Peranio	actor
occupation	Harrison R. Crandall (November 23, 1887 -- December 14, 1970) was an American photographer and painter known for his images of Grand Teton National Park.	Harrison R. Crandall	photographer	painter
occupation	Michael Cashmore is a British composer and musician who has created music under the name of Nature And Organisation and more recently (2006) under his own name.	Michael Cashmore	composer
occupation	Pan Wu-hsiung (Chinese: 潘武雄; pinyin: Pān Wǔxióng; Wade--Giles: Pan1 Wu3 Hsiung2; born March 11, 1981) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Uni-President Lions of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Pan Wu-hsiung	baseball player
occupation	Jacek Kawalec (born 22 September 1961 in Warsaw) is a Polish actor, game show and television personality.	Jacek Kawalec	actor
occupation	Shira Gorshman (April 10, 1906 -- April 4, 2001) was a Yiddish language short story writer and memoirist.	Shira Gorshman	writer
occupation	Claudio Marrero (born March 6, 1986) is a boxer from the Dominican Republic that fought for the interim WBA featherweight title.	Claudio Marrero	boxer
occupation	Jon Dette (born April 19, 1970) is a heavy metal drummer, best known for playing in Evildead, Iced Earth, Slayer, Testament, Anthrax, and Heathen.	Jon Dette	drummer
occupation	Steve Brennan (born 2 February 1951) is a former darts player who competed in the 1980s.	Steve Brennan	darts player
occupation	Heinrich Hora (born 1931 in Bodenbach, Czechoslovakia) is a German-Australian theoretical physicist who made contributions to solid state physics, optical properties of plasma with relativistic and quantum effects and nonlinear dynamics with applications of lasers for producing nuclear fusion energy.	Heinrich Hora	physicist
occupation	Irvin Willat (November 18, 1890 -- April 17, 1976) was an American film director of the silent film era.	Irvin Willat	film director
occupation	Donnie Williams (born July 26, 1983) is an American soul, gospel and jazz singer-songwriter who in 2004 became a Top 32 Finalist in Season 3 of American Idol.	Donnie Williams	singer-songwriter
occupation	Kálmán Kittenberger (Léva, October 10, 1881 - Nagymaros, January 4, 1958) was a Hungarian traveller, natural historian, biologist and collector.	Kálmán Kittenberger	biologist
occupation	Jamii Szmadzinski is an American electric violinist who was a member of the band Shadowfax.	Jamii Szmadzinski	violinist
occupation	Anthony Wheatley (176? - 1838) was an Epsom Derby winning jockey of the 18th century.	Anthony Wheatley	jockey
occupation	Lucie Bertaud is a French amateur boxer and MMA fighter.	Lucie Bertaud	boxer
occupation	Habib Azar (born October 19, 1979 in Pennsylvania, USA) is an American film, theater and television director.	Habib Azar	television director
occupation	Dee Molenaar (born June 21, 1918) is an American mountaineer, author and artist from Tacoma, Washington.	Dee Molenaar	mountaineer
occupation	Hiroshige Koyama (born 1937) is a Japanese botanist specialist of Asteraceae.	Hiroshige Koyama	botanist
occupation	Calvert Charlton Miller, (September 3, 1899 - July 1, 1978), was a Canadian lawyer, politician and jurist.	Calvert Charlton Miller	politician
occupation	Imee Ooi (/ˈiːmiː ˈwuːiː/ EE-mee WOO-ee; Ch: 黃慧音, pinyin: Huáng Huìyīn) is a Chinese-Malaysian record producer, composer, and singer who composes and arranges music for classic Buddhist chant, mantra, and dharani.	Imee Ooi	composer	singer
occupation	Buster Mathis (June 11, 1943 -- September 6, 1995) was a boxer who had a very successful career as an amateur heavyweight boxer.	Buster Mathis	boxer
occupation	Lucia Hippolito (born June 29, 1950 in Bauru, São Paulo), is a Brazilian political scientist, journalist, historian, columnist and commentator.	Lucia Hippolito	journalist	historian
occupation	Carolyn Brady (May 22, 1937 - May 5, 2005) was an American photorealist painter and artist.	Carolyn Brady	painter
occupation	Abdalla Ahmed Bekhit (Arabic: أحمد عبدالله‎) (born October 10, 1983) is an Egyptian indoor volleyball player.	Abdalla Ahmed	volleyball player
occupation	James Dugan (May 7, 1912 - June 3, 1967) was a historian, editor and magazine article writer.	James Dugan	historian	writer
occupation	Manfred Thiesmann is a former German Olympic swimming coach of the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s and 2000s who was the head coach of the German swimming team at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Manfred Thiesmann	swimming coach
occupation	Joe Hurley (born 2 December) is a singer, songwriter, actor, playwright and voice-over artist.	Joe Hurley	singer, songwriter
occupation	Stephen Holden (born July 18, 1941) is an American writer, music critic, film critic, and poet.	Stephen Holden	writer	music critic	film critic	poet
occupation	Maxut Zhumayev (born December 23, 1976) is a Kazakhstani mountaineer who climbed all 8,000 metres (26,000 ft) peaks without oxygen.	Maxut Zhumayev	mountaineer
occupation	Mrinalini Sharma is an Indian model and Bollywood actress.	Mrinalini Sharma	model
occupation	Daniel Pierce Thompson (October 1, 1795 -- June 6, 1868) was an American author and lawyer who served as Vermont Secretary of State and was New England's most famous novelist prior to Nathaniel Hawthorne.	Daniel Pierce Thompson	lawyer	novelist
occupation	Martin Reimann is a psychologist and marketing researcher.	Martin Reimann	psychologist
occupation	Robert Dowland (ca. 1591 -- 1641) was an English lutenist and composer.	Robert Dowland	composer
occupation	Chris Horrie is a journalist and writer specialising in investigative journalism, finance and profiles of major public figures.	Chris Horrie	journalist
occupation	Emiko Ohnuki-Tierney (Japanese: 大貫恵美子)is an anthropologist who has been working on the question of power of symbols and its absence in political spaces since the mid-1980s.	Emiko Ohnuki-Tierney	anthropologist
occupation	Nathan Kelly is an American composer in Los Angeles, best known for working as an arranger for recording artists such as Joss Stone, Andrea Bocelli, Jennifer Lopez, Dionne Warwick, The Tony Awards, and orchestrations on various film scores.	Nathan Kelly	composer
occupation	Gail Tsukiyama is an American novelist from San Francisco, California, USA.	Gail Tsukiyama	novelist
occupation	Lyle Owerko is a filmmaker and photographer whose work has ranged from Sundance Channel to Time to MTV.	Lyle Owerko	photographer
occupation	Benedict of Gloucester (fl.1120) was an English hagiographer, author of a life of St. Dubricius, archbishop of Caerleon.	Benedict of Gloucester	hagiographer
occupation	Erika Csomor (born November 8, 1973, in Cegléd) is a Hungarian triathlete and duathlete.	Erika Csomor	triathlete
occupation	Neil Brindley (born 27 July 1967) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Neil Brindley	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Jimmy Breslin (born October 17, 1930) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist and author.	Jimmy Breslin	journalist
occupation	Swan Hennessy (24 November 1866 -- 26 October 1929) was an Irish-American composer and pianist who lived much of his life in Paris.	Swan Hennessy	composer
occupation	``Basil Boothby was a diplomat more successful in giving foreigners a good impression of Britain than in giving his superiors a good impression of himself.	Basil Boothby	diplomat
occupation	Gilbert Benausse was voted rugby league player of the world in 1960.	Gilbert Benausse	rugby league player
occupation	Douglas Barton Osborne Savile (July 19, 1909 -- August 1, 2000) was an Irish-born Canadian mycologist, plant pathologist and evolutionary biologist.	Douglas Barton Osborne Savile	mycologist
occupation	Pierre Ernou, known as ``le chevalier Ernou'', was a French painter.	Pierre Ernou	painter
occupation	Kim McMillan (née Ambrester, born c. 1963) is a Democratic politician who is mayor of Clarksville, Tennessee, and was the first woman in Tennessee history to be elected Majority Leader of the Tennessee House of Representatives.	Kim McMillan	politician
occupation	Jennifer Howell is a Canadian-American voice actor.	Jennifer Howell	actor
occupation	Thomas L. Callaway is a director/cinematographer from Waco, Texas.	Thomas L. Callaway	cinematographer
occupation	Bärbel Wartenberg-Potter (also known as Bärbel von Wartenberg-Potter) (born 1943) is a German theologian.	Bärbel Wartenberg-Potter	theologian
occupation	G. V. Sudhakar Naidu is an actor who played roles in Telugu films.	G. V. Sudhakar Naidu	actor
occupation	Balaji Tharaneetharan is a Tamil film director and he made directorial debut with 2012 comedy film Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom.	Balaji Tharaneetharan	film director
occupation	Marcus Miller (born William Henry Marcus Miller, Jr.; June 14, 1959) is an American jazz composer, producer and multi-instrumentalist, best known as a bass guitarist.	Marcus Miller	composer
occupation	O-Gon Kwon (born 12 September 1953) is a noted international South Korean judge, best known for being one of the three judges in the trial of Slobodan Milošević.	O-Gon Kwon	judge
occupation	Seyyed Mohsen Shah Ebrahimi (in Persian: سید محسن شاه ابراهیمی) is an art director, costume designer and actor.	Mohsen Shah Ebrahimi	art director	costume designer	actor
occupation	Her most recent EP, titled Jules Larson + AG, was released in October 2013 and is a collaboration between Jules and singer-songwriter Adrianne Gonzalez, or AG.	Jules Larson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Anthony Purpura (born November 11, 1986, in Lawrence, Massachusetts) is an American rugby union player who props for the USA Eagle XV side.	Anthony Purpura	rugby union player
occupation	Pedro Altamiranda is a Panamanian singer and composer known for his Carnival songs.	Pedro Altamiranda	singer	composer
occupation	Heather Jackson (born April 24, 1984) is an American triathlete and track cyclist.	Heather Jackson	triathlete
occupation	Rory Carville (Castleblayney, County Monaghan) is an Irish Michelin star winning head chef formerly with restaurant Locks Brasserie in Dublin.	Rory Carville	chef
occupation	Wang Ji-won (born November 12, 1988) is a South Korean actress and ballet dancer.	Wang Ji-won	ballet dancer
occupation	Renee Cole (born c. 1971) is a former American beauty pageant contestant who was crowned Miss Maryland 1993.	Renee Cole	beauty pageant contestant
occupation	Frederick Winslow Taylor (March 20, 1856 -- March 21, 1915) was an American mechanical engineer who sought to improve industrial efficiency.	Frederick Winslow Taylor	engineer
occupation	Pascal Maka is a French windsurfer, who broke the outright speed sailing record in 1986, and again in 1990.	Pascal Maka	windsurfer
occupation	Alan Murchison is a Michelin-starred Scottish chef and restaurateur, living and working in England.	Alan Murchison	restaurateur
occupation	Nandagopal (born Nadella Nandagopal) is an Indian film journalist, editor and critic.	Nandagopal	journalist
occupation	Asmirandah has had in the late 2000s, a relationship with actor Dude Harlino but they eventually separated because of the age difference in 2011.	Asmirandah	actor
occupation	Mahadev Gurung (Nepali: महादेव गुरुङ) is a Nepalese politician.	Mahadev Gurung	politician
occupation	Choi Min-sik (Hangul: 최민식 Korean pronunciation: (tɕʰwe minɕʰik); born January 22, 1962) is a South Korean actor.	Choi Min-sik	actor
occupation	Yasser Abdel Rahman is a composer and son of Egyptian writer the late Abdel-Rahman Fahmi author of the series in the fall of Be'er Sheva.	Yasser Abdel Rahman	composer
occupation	Helgi Björnsson (born July 10, 1948), often referred to as Helgi Björns, is an Icelandic actor and pop/rock musician.	Helgi Björnsson	actor
occupation	Edward Connelly (December 30, 1859 -- November 21, 1928) was an American stage and film actor of the silent era.	Edward Connelly	actor
occupation	Greta Thyssen (born Greta Thygesen on March 30, 1933) is a Danish-born American film actress and former model.	Greta Thyssen	model
occupation	Carsten Siersbaek is a former Denmark association football player who played professionally in the United States and Denmark.	Carsten Siersbaek	association football player
occupation	Levon Marashlian (born December 18, 1948) is an American historian, professor, and scholar.	Levon Marashlian	historian
occupation	Erica Williams, better known as Simple E, is a former R&B and hip hop pop singer-songwriter whose 1994 single ``Play My Funk'', made the Billboard charts, and appeared on the Sugar Hill soundtrack.	Simple E	singer
occupation	Yuan Chang (simplified Chinese: 张远; traditional Chinese: 張遠; pinyin: yuǎn zhāng;born November 17, 1959) is an American virologist and pathologist who co-discovered Kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (KSHV) and Merkel cell polyomavirus, two of the seven known human oncoviruses.	Yuan Chang	virologist
occupation	Christine Cusanelli, MLA, (born July 15, 1972) was a Canadian politician who represented the electoral district of Calgary-Currie in the Alberta Legislature.	Christine Cusanelli	politician
occupation	Ray Zahab (born 1968 or 1969) is a Canadian long-distance runner and motivational speaker.	Ray Zahab	motivational speaker
occupation	Randal William McGavock (1826--1863) was an American lawyer, Democratic politician, Southern planter, and Confederate Lt. Colonel.	Randal William McGavock	politician
occupation	Pius Heinz (born 4 May 1989) is a German professional poker player from Bonn, best known as the winner of the Main Event at the 2011 World Series of Poker.	Pius Heinz	poker player
occupation	Freculf (Freculphus Lexoviensis; died 8 October 850 or 852), a Frankish ecclesiastic, diplomat and historian, was a pupil of the palace school of Aachen during the reign of Charlemagne and Bishop of Lisieux from about 824 until his death.	Freculf	historian
occupation	Karen Lee Orzolek (born November 22, 1978), better known by her stage name Karen O, is a South Korean-born American singer and musician.	Karen O	singer	musician
occupation	Gustav Renker (October 12, 1889 -- July 23, 1967) was an Austrian and Swiss journalist and writer known for his literary regionalism.	Gustav Renker	journalist	writer
occupation	Lila Latrous (Arabic: ليلى العتروس‎; born July 15, 1979) is an Algerian judoka, who played for the lightweight category.	Lila Latrous	judoka
occupation	Cung Le (Vietnamese: Lê Cung; born May 25, 1972) is a Vietnamese-American retired mixed martial artist, actor, and former Sanshou kickboxer who competed as a middleweight in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), holding a record of 2-2 with the organization.	Cung Le	actor
occupation	Jana Korbasová (born March 20, 1974) is a Slovak former swimmer, who specialized in backstroke and in individual medley events.	Jana Korbasová	swimmer
occupation	Ryan Singer is a Navajo contemporary painter living in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Ryan Singer	painter
occupation	Ingrīda Latimira, formerly Ingrīda Ūdre, (born November 14, 1958) is a Latvian politician who belongs to the Latvian Farmers' Union political party.	Ingrīda Ūdre	politician
occupation	Linden Soles (born October 26, 1956 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a Canadian television journalist, best known to international audiences as an anchor on CNN.	Linden Soles	journalist
occupation	Herb Jaffe (May 20, 1921 -- December 7, 1991) was an independent film producer in the United States.	Herb Jaffe	film producer
occupation	In early 2008, Guo Quan, a university professor who had been dismissed after having founded a democratic opposition party, announced plans to sue Yahoo! (Chief Executive Jerry Yang) and Google in the United States for having blocked his name from search results in China.	Guo Quan	university professor
occupation	Robert Paige (December 2, 1911 -- December 21, 1987) was an actor and a TV newscaster and political correspondent and Universal Pictures leading man who made 65 films in his lifetime: he was the only actor ever allowed to sing on film with Deanna Durbin (in 1944's Can't Help Singing).	Robert Paige	actor
occupation	Purshottam Solanki is a Bhartiya Janata Party politician and (as of 2012) the Minister of Fishery in the Government of Gujarat.	Purshottam Solanki	politician
occupation	Englés (fl. 1253) was a Navarrese jongleur and troubadour of the mid 13th century.	Englés	troubadour
occupation	Szidi Tobias (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈsidi ˈtobiaːʃ); born May 28, 1967) is a Slovak actress and musician of Hungarian ancestry.	Szidi Tobias	musician
occupation	John Clark Ridpath (April 26, 1840 -- July 31, 1900) was an American educator, historian, and editor.	John Clark Ridpath	historian	editor
occupation	John Giorno (born December 4, 1936) is an American poet and performance artist.	John Giorno	poet
occupation	Wilkie Clark (March 8, 1920 -- July 29, 1989) was an African-American entrepreneur and civil rights activist.	Wilkie Clark	entrepreneur
occupation	Natashia Williams-Blach (born August 2, 1978) is an American actress and former Wonderbra campaign model, who is perhaps best known for her role as Shane Phillips in the NBC/syndicated series She Spies.	Natashia Williams	model
occupation	Meechai Ruchuphan (born February 2, 1938 in Bangkok Thai: มีชัย ฤชุพันธุ์, rtgs: Michai Ruechuphan) is a Thai legal expert and politician.	Meechai Ruchuphan	politician
occupation	Irfan Sabir (born December 19, 1977) is a Canadian lawyer and politician who was elected in the Alberta general election, 2015 to the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the electoral district of Calgary-McCall.	Irfan Sabir	politician
occupation	David Landsberg (sometimes credited as Dave Landsburg) is an American actor, writer, producer and director who was born in Brooklyn, New York.	David Landsberg	actor
occupation	Maung Thit Min, born Dewa, was a prominent Burmese composer and writer.	Maung Thit Min	composer
occupation	Bernard Herrmann (born Max Herman; June 29, 1911 -- December 24, 1975) was an American composer known for his work in composing for motion pictures.	Bernard Herrmann	composer
occupation	Thomas Buryton (fl. 1383--1399) of Hereford, was an English politician.	Thomas Buryton	politician
occupation	Ryan O'Quinn (born March 6, 1972) is an American television, film and voice actor.	Ryan O'Quinn	actor
occupation	Qu Ding, (Chinese: 屈鼎) was a Chinese painter of the Song Dynasty.	Qu Ding	painter
occupation	Käte van Tricht (October 22, 1909 -- July 13, 1996), was a German organist, pianist, harpsichordist, and pedagogue.	Käte van Tricht	pianist
occupation	Eldon Miller (born June 19, 1939) is a former college men's basketball coach.	Eldon Miller	basketball coach
occupation	Prahlad Pandey is an Indian politician and spokesperson of Aam Admi Party, Madhya Pradesh.	Prahlad Pandey	politician
occupation	Dominic Reyes is a professional sleight of hand magician from England.	Dominic Reyes	magician
occupation	Lynda Carter (born Linda Jean Córdova Carter; July 24, 1951) is an American actress, singer, songwriter and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss World America 1972 and also the star of the TV series Wonder Woman from 1975 to 1979.	Lynda Carter	singer
occupation	Suh Yoo-hun (Hangul: 서유헌, born February 8, 1948) is a South Korean neuroscientist.	Suh Yoo-hun	neuroscientist
occupation	Janne Wallenius is a Swedish reactor physicist.	Janne Wallenius	physicist
occupation	Fred Goldberg is a professional poker player from Hollywood, Florida Goldberg's first major success in poker came in the 2006 World Series of Poker main event, where he finished in 10th place winning $1,154,527.	Fred Goldberg	poker player
occupation	Florent Mothe (born May 13, 1981) is a French singer, actor and musician.	Florent Mothe	singer	musician
occupation	Alice Gerrard (born July 8, 1934) is an American bluegrass singer, banjoist, and guitar player.	Alice Gerrard	singer
occupation	Gary Beacom (born February 23, 1960) is a Canadian figure skater, choreographer and author.	Gary Beacom	figure skater
occupation	Mike Quin (1906--1947) was the pen name of an American writer, born Paul William Ryan.	Mike Quin	writer
occupation	Richard Stephen Shaw (born December 8, 1966), better known by the stage names Bushwick Bill and Dr. Wolfgang Von Bushwickin the Barbarian Mother-Funky Stay High Dollar Billstir, is a Jamaican-born American rapper.	Bushwick Bill	rapper
occupation	Amy Kohn (born June 5, 1972) is an American composer, lyricist, singer, pianist and accordionist.	Amy Kohn	composer	singer
occupation	Phalon Alexander, professionally known as Jazze Pha (/ˌdʒæzi ˈfeɪ/ JAZ-ee FAY), is an American record producer, songwriter and rapper from Atlanta, Georgia.	Jazze Pha	rapper
occupation	Jason Adams (born February 7, 1964), often known as Ash Adams, is an award-winning American independent filmmaker, producer, writer, and TV and movie actor.	Ash Adams	actor
occupation	Jesse Tyler Ferguson (born October 22, 1975) is an American actor best known for portraying Mitchell Pritchett on the ABC sitcom Modern Family, which has earned him five nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series.	Jesse Tyler Ferguson	actor
occupation	Milislav Demerec (January 11, 1895 -- April 12, 1966) was a Croatian-American geneticist, and the director of the Department of Genetics, Carnegie Institution of Washington (CIW), now Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory (CSHL) from 1941 to 1960, recruiting Barbara McClintock and Alfred Hershey.	Milislav Demerec	geneticist
occupation	Seamus Lynch (born 1945) is a former Irish republican and socialist politician.	Seamus Lynch	politician
occupation	Karl Gustaf Scherman (born August 30, 1938) is a Swedish economist and government official.	Karl Gustaf Scherman	economist
occupation	Lu Hsi-chuen is a Taiwanese professional golfer.	Lu Hsi-chuen	golfer
occupation	Awam Amkpa is a Nigerian actor, playwright, and professor of dramatic arts.	Awam Amkpa	playwright
occupation	Gurpreet Sandhu (born March 16, 1965) is an Indian-based entrepreneur.	Gurpreet Sandhu	entrepreneur
occupation	Luke Pinder is a 27-year-old British rally driver from Shipley, West Yorkshire.	Luke Pinder	rally driver
occupation	John Watkins Oliver (December 17, 1914 -- April 25, 1990) was a United States federal judge; born in Cape Girardeau, Missouri, Oliver received an A.B. from the University of Missouri in 1933 and an LL.B. from the University of Missouri School of Law in 1936.	John Watkins Oliver	judge
occupation	Hanns Goebl (June 23, 1901 -- August 12, 1986) was a Bavarian sculptor who worked for the Nymphenburg Porcelain Factory.	Hanns Goebl	sculptor
occupation	Elliot Ngok Wah, better known as Yueh Hua, is a former Shaw Brothers actor and veteran TVB actor.	Elliot Ngok	actor
occupation	Daniel Elbittar Villegas (April 30, 1979), is a Venezuelan actor, model and entertainer, considered one of the 50 Most Beautiful TV, is also famous for acting in soap operas.	Daniel Elbittar	actor
occupation	Dagmar Nordstrom (December 12, 1903 -- April 9, 1976) was an American composer, pianist and singer.	Dagmar Nordstrom	composer	pianist	singer
occupation	Juan Manuel Márquez Méndez (born August 23, 1973) is a Mexican professional boxer and multiple-time world champion.	Juan Manuel Márquez	boxer
occupation	Emerico Amari (1810--1870) was an Italian jurist and a pioneer of comparative law.	Emerico Amari	jurist
occupation	Jack Szwergold is a comedy writer and the Webby-Award-winning first webmaster for the news parody publication The Onion.	Jack Szwergold	writer
occupation	Joel Townsley Rogers (1896--1984) was an American writer who wrote science fiction, air-adventure, and mystery stories and a handful of mystery novels.	Joel Townsley Rogers	writer
occupation	Imran Hasnee (Hindi: इमरान हसनी ) is an actor who has worked in Hollywood films A Mighty Heart and Slum Dog Millionaire, played lead as well as character roles.	Imran Hasnee	actor
occupation	John Henry Haaren (born August 13, 1855, New York, New York -- d. September 23, 1916, Brooklyn, New York) was an American educator and historian.	John Henry Haaren	historian
occupation	Kenneth S. Deffeyes is a geologist who worked with M. King Hubbert, the creator of the Hubbert peak theory, at the Shell Oil Company research laboratory in Houston, Texas.	Kenneth S. Deffeyes	geologist
occupation	José Clímaco (born 1924) was a Filipino film director.	José Clímaco	film director
occupation	Benjamin M. Coates (September 8, 1819 - August 26, 1880) was an American miner, businessman, and politician.	Benjamin M. Coates	politician
occupation	Elizabeth Llewellyn, (born 1974) is a British opera singer who debuted with the English National Opera in 2010.	Elizabeth Llewellyn	opera singer
occupation	Asi Cohen (Hebrew: אסי כהן, also 'Assi'; born October 10, 1974) is an Israeli comedian and actor.	Asi Cohen	actor
occupation	Dirk Mai is an American photographer, currently working for Cliché Magazine.	Dirk Mai	photographer
occupation	Nancy Rawles is an African American playwright, novelist, and teacher.	Nancy Rawles	novelist
occupation	Gil Formosa is a French cartoonist and an illustrator.	Gil Formosa	illustrator
occupation	Raouf Benabid (Arabic: رؤوف بن عبيد‎; born August 3, 1985) is an Algerian former swimmer, who specialized in individual medley events.	Raouf Benabid	swimmer
occupation	Heimann Hariton Tiktin (August 9, 1850 -- March 13, 1936), born Heimann Tiktin, was a Silesian-born Romanian Jewish linguist and academic, one of the founders of modern Romanian linguistics.	Heimann Hariton Tiktin	linguist
occupation	Brian O'Sullivan (born 1990 in Ballygunner) is an Irish hurler who plays for both the Waterford Inter-county hurling team and the Ballygunner GAA club.	Brian O'Sullivan	hurler
occupation	Abdisho bar Berika or Ebedjesu (Classical Syriac: ܥܒܕܝܝܫܘܥ ܕܨܘܒܐ) (d.1318), also known as ``Mar Odisho'' or ``St. Odisho'' in English, was an East Syrian writer.	Abdisho bar Berika	writer
occupation	Mykola Puzderko (born June 13, 1990) is a Ukrainian freestyle skier, specializing in aerials.	Mykola Puzderko	freestyle skier
occupation	Martha Matilda Harper (September 10, 1857, Oakville, Ontario -- August 3, 1950, Rochester, New York) was a Canadian-American businesswoman, entrepreneur, and inventor who built an international network of franchised hair salons that emphasized healthy hair care.	Martha Matilda Harper	entrepreneur
occupation	William S. Dalton is an American physician and oncologist, who is board certified in internal medicine and oncology.	William S. Dalton	oncologist
occupation	Filippo Bottino (December 9, 1888 - October 18, 1969) was an Italian weightlifter and Olympic champion.	Filippo Bottino	weightlifter
occupation	Anna Karin Larsson (born 30 August 1941) is a retired Swedish swimmer who won a bronze medal at the 1958 European Aquatics Championships in the 4×100 m freestyle relay.	Karin Larsson	swimmer
occupation	Muffy Calder OBE FRSE FREng (née Thomas) is a Scottish computer scientist, Vice-Principal and Head of College of Science and Engineering, and Professor of Formal Methods at the University of Glasgow.	Muffy Calder	computer scientist
occupation	Edward Einhorn (born September 6, 1970) is an American playwright, theater director, and novelist, noted for the comic absurdism of his drama and the imaginative richness of his literary works.	Edward Einhorn	novelist
occupation	Carl-Johan Häggman (born 22 February 1963 Helsinki) (also called: Carl Johan Haggman or ``Haggis'') is a Finnish composer, musician and multi-artist.	Carl-Johan Häggman	composer
occupation	Dario Varotari the Younger (active 1660) was an Italian painter, engraver, and poet of the Baroque.	Dario Varotari the Younger	painter	poet
occupation	Neil Metcalfe from Leeds is a former international standard competitive swimmer.	Neil Metcalfe	swimmer
occupation	Caroline Woodruff is an English voice-over artist and actor based in Stockport.	Caroline Woodruff	actor
occupation	William Herbert Rollins is a forgotten American scientist and dentist.	William Herbert Rollins	dentist
occupation	John Alan Maxwell (March 7, 1904 -- April 13, 1984) was an American artist known primarily for his book and magazine illustrations, as well as historical paintings.	John Alan Maxwell	artist
occupation	Olafur Eliasson (Icelandic: Ólafur Elíasson; born 1967) is a Danish-Icelandic artist known for sculptures and large-scale installation art employing elemental materials such as light, water, and air temperature to enhance the viewer's experience.	Olafur Eliasson	artist
occupation	Kathryn Casey is an American true crime writer, novelist and journalist.	Kathryn Casey	novelist	journalist
occupation	Mark Lindley (born 1937) is a noted musicologist and, more recently, a historian of modern India, and a teacher of economics.	Mark Lindley	musicologist	historian
occupation	Anis Chedly (Arabic: انيس الشاذلي‎; born February 19, 1981) is a Tunisian judoka who competed in the super heavyweight division (+100 kg) and open class.	Anis Chedly	judoka
occupation	Charles B. Curtis (born April 27, 1940) is an American lawyer, currently the President Emeritus and Board Member of the Nuclear Threat Initiative (NTI), a non-profit organization working to reduce the threats from nuclear, biological and chemical weapons.	Charles B. Curtis	lawyer
occupation	Almon Harris Thompson (September 24, 1839 -- July 31, 1906), also known as ``A. H. Thompson'', was an educator, topographer, geologist, explorer, and Civil War veteran.	Almon Harris Thompson	explorer
occupation	Đelo Jusić (born Đevalhudin Jusić; January 26, 1939) is a Croatian composer, arranger, conductor and guitarist of Bosniak ethnicity.	Đelo Jusić	composer
occupation	Ileri Atil Cayan Inac or Atıl İnaç: film director.	Atıl İnaç	film director
occupation	Don Epperson (born.January 1938 - died.1973 in Arizona) was an American singer and actor.	Don Epperson	singer
occupation	Herman Melville (August 1, 1819 -- September 28, 1891) was an American novelist, short story writer, and poet from the American Renaissance period.	Herman Melville	novelist	writer	poet
occupation	Giuseppe Becce (February 3, 1877 -- October 5, 1973) was an Italian-born film score composer who enriched the German cinema.	Giuseppe Becce	composer
occupation	Stanley Wasserman (born August 29, 1951) is an American statistician and Rudy Professor of Statistics, Psychology, and Sociology at Indiana University Bloomington, known for his work on social network analysis, mathematical sociology, network science and multidimensional network.	Stanley Wasserman	statistician
occupation	Lee Irby (born 1963) is an American novelist and historian.	Lee Irby	novelist	historian
occupation	Charlie Brill (born January 13, 1938, Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor, voice artist, and comedian.	Charlie Brill	actor
occupation	Lutfal Haque (also known as Haji Lutfal Haque) is an Indian politician, five-time MLA and two-time MP.	Lutfal Haque	politician
occupation	Florian Janistyn (born April 22, 1988 in Vienna) is an Austrian swimmer, who specialized in long-distance freestyle events.	Florian Janistyn	swimmer
occupation	Claire McGill MLA is a nationalist politician in Northern Ireland.	Claire McGill	politician
occupation	Ralph Stockman Tarr, S.B. (January 15, 1864 -- March 21, 1912) was an American geographer.	Ralph Stockman Tarr	geographer
occupation	Carl Cameron (born September 22, 1961) is an American television journalist and commentator for Fox News Channel.	Carl Cameron	journalist
occupation	Augustus Stephen Vogt (August 14, 1861 -- September 17, 1926) was a German Canadian organist, choral conductor, music educator, composer and author.	Augustus Stephen Vogt	conductor	music educator	composer
occupation	Darryl Peterson (born October 3, 1961) is an American musician, actor and retired professional wrestler who wrestled in World Championship Wrestling as Maxx Payne and in the World Wrestling Federation as Man Mountain Rock.	Maxx Payne	actor
occupation	Safuneitu'uga Pa'aga Neri is a Samoan matai, politician and the current Minister of Communication and Technology in Samoa.	Safuneitu'uga Pa'aga Neri	politician
occupation	Paweł Hulka-Laskowski (June 25, 1881 -- October 29, 1946) was a Polish writer, translator, journalist, social worker.	Paweł Hulka-Laskowski	translator	journalist
occupation	Steve McCurrie is the son of the rugby league player of the 1970s and '80s, Alan McCurrie.	Steve McCurrie	rugby league player
occupation	The sandstone tiling by ceramist Alexandre Bigot covers this reinforced concrete duplex of twenty workshops with residences.	Alexandre Bigot	ceramist
occupation	Dona Lee Carrier (October 23, 1940 -- February 15, 1961) was an American figure skater who competed in ice dancing with Roger Campbell.	Dona Lee Carrier	figure skater
occupation	Hideo Date (January 5, 1907 to January 6, 2005) was a Japanese-born American painter active from the 1930s to the 1980s, known for combining elements of Japanese nihonga with American Synchromism.	Hideo Date	painter
occupation	Pat George is an American businessman and politician from Kansas.	Pat George	politician
occupation	Barbara O. Jones, also known as Barbarao, Barbara-O, and Barbara O., is an American actor from Ohio best known for her work in the films of the L.A. Rebellion movement of 1970s black filmmakers, starring in films by Haile Gerima and Julie Dash.	Barbara O. Jones	actor
occupation	Marie-Françoise Guédon, Ph.D., is a Canadian anthropologist and professor of religious studies at the University of Ottawa in Ottawa, Canada.	Marie-Françoise Guédon	anthropologist
occupation	Eve Libertine (real name Bronwyn Lloyd Jones) is a British singer.	Eve Libertine	singer
occupation	Idel Torriente Leal (born September 9, 1986) is a Cuban amateur boxer who won the Pan American featherweight title 2007 and qualified for the Olympics.	Idel Torriente	boxer
occupation	David Arquette (born September 8, 1971) is an American actor, film director, producer, screenwriter, and fashion designer.	David Arquette	actor	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Nicolas Colombel (c.1644--1717) was a French painter, much inflluenced by Poussin.	Nicolas Colombel	painter
occupation	Francis Curray McHugh, known as Frank McHugh (May 23, 1898 -- September 11, 1981), was an American film and television actor.	Frank McHugh	actor
occupation	Marian Fikus (born October 14, 1938 in Kobiór) - is a Polish architect, urban planner and professor.	Marian Fikus	architect
occupation	Mary Burnett Talbert (September 17, 1866 -- October 15, 1923) was an American orator, activist, suffragist and reformer.	Mary Burnett Talbert	orator
occupation	In 1998, Gus G. decided to record a demo with some close musician friends in the United States.	Gus G	musician
occupation	Paula Newby-Fraser (born June 2, 1962) is an Ironman triathlete and duathlete.	Paula Newby-Fraser	triathlete
occupation	Howard Schatz (born 1940) is an American ophthalmologist and photographer.	Howard Schatz	ophthalmologist	photographer
occupation	Clara Kathleen Rogers (Cheltenham, January 14, 1844 -- Boston, March 8, 1931), was an American composer, singer, writer and music educator.	Clara Kathleen Rogers	composer	singer	music educator
occupation	Stanley Beck (June 5, 1936, New York City) is an American film producer and actor of the stage, television, and film.	Stanley Beck	film producer	actor
occupation	Alberto Dines (February 19, 1932) is a Brazilian journalist and writer.	Alberto Dines	journalist	writer
occupation	Robert Lantos, CM BA MA D.Litt (born 3 April 1949) is a Canadian film producer.	Robert Lantos	film producer
occupation	William Benton Boggs (October 8, 1854 -- February 18, 1922) was an exchange broker and Democratic politician from his adopted community of Plain Dealing in northern Bossier Parish in northwestern Louisiana.	William Benton Boggs	politician
occupation	Kim Stringfellow is an American artist, educator, and photographer based out of Joshua Tree, California.	Kim Stringfellow	photographer
occupation	Ralf Wadephul, born 1958 in Berlin, is a German keyboardist/composer who collaborated with Tangerine Dream (Edgar Froese, Paul Haslinger) in the late 1980s on their first ``Melrose Years'' album Optical Race (1988).	Ralf Wadephul	composer
occupation	Erin Grey Van Oosbree (born August 24, 1973), known professionally as Grey DeLisle (pronounced De-lyle) and Grey Griffin, is an American voice actress and singer-songwriter.	Grey DeLisle	singer-songwriter
occupation	Donal McLaughlin (July 26, 1907 - September 27, 2009) was an American architect who played a major role in the design of the Flag of the United Nations.	Donal McLaughlin	architect
occupation	From this writer we learn that Saint Swithun was born in the reign of Egbert of Wessex, and was ordained priest by Helmstan, bishop of Winchester (838-c. 852).	Swithun	priest
occupation	Lê Quang Quý Trang Đài, also known by the stage name Lynda Trang Đài (Đà Nẵng, 1968), is a Vietnamese American singer.	Lynda Trang Đài	singer
occupation	Warren C. Philbrook (November 30, 1857 -- May 31, 1933) was a Maine politician, lawyer and judge.	Warren C. Philbrook	politician	lawyer
occupation	Mick Thompson is an American banker and politician from Oklahoma who is serving as the State Banking Commissioner for the State of Oklahoma.	Mick Thompson	politician
occupation	Ángel Borlenghi (February 1, 1904 -- August 6, 1962) was an Argentine labor leader and politician closely associated with the Peronist movement.	Ángel Borlenghi	politician
occupation	Sampda Sharma, better known by her stage name Samsaya, is an Indian-born Norwegian singer and actress.	Samsaya	singer
occupation	He came back, still as co-leader of the Thad Jones/Mel Lewis Orchestra, in December 1978 and continued as a leader and conductor for the Danish big band.	Thad Jones	conductor
occupation	Henry William Ravenel (1814--1887) was an American planter and botanist.	Henry William Ravenel	botanist
occupation	John of Paris OP (in French Jean de Paris), also called Jean Quidort and Johannes de Soardis (c. 1255 -- September 22, 1306) was a French philosopher, theologian, and Dominican friar.	John of Paris	philosopher	theologian
occupation	Richard Tait CBE is a British journalist and Professor of Journalism at Cardiff University.	Richard Tait	journalist
occupation	Angelo Ephrikian (October 20, 1913 -- October 30, 1982) was an Italian musicologist and violinist of Armenian descent.	Angelo Ephrikian	musicologist	violinist
occupation	Robert Stepneth or Stepney (by 1513-57), was an English politician.	Robert Stepneth	politician
occupation	Ricardo Lara (born November 5, 1974) is a politician from Los Angeles County, California who serves in the California State Senate, where he represents the 33rd district.	Ricardo Lara	politician
occupation	Arthur Fields (August 6, 1888 -- March 29, 1953) was an American singer (baritone) and songwriter.	Arthur Fields	songwriter
occupation	Stuart David is a Scottish musician, songwriter and novelist.	Stuart David	musician
occupation	Shepard Stone (March 31, 1908 - May 4, 1990) was an American journalist and foundation administrator.	Shepard Stone	journalist
occupation	Huang Ying (born January 28, 1989 in Dazhou, Sichuan) is a Chinese pop singer.	Huang Ying	singer
occupation	Liudmila Kalinchik (born 1982) is a retired Belarusian biathlete.	Liudmila Kalinchik	biathlete
occupation	Guity Novin (born Guity Navran, 1944) is an Iranian-Canadian figurative painter, and graphic designer residing in Canada.	Guity Novin	painter	graphic designer
occupation	Rachel Komisarz (born December 5, 1976), also known by her married name Rachel Komisarz-Baugh, is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, and former world record-holder.	Rachel Komisarz	swimmer
occupation	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active on the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Louise Bédard	choreographer
occupation	Nachiketa (born Bengali: নচিকেতা চক্রবর্তী Nachiketa Chakraborty) is an Indian Bengali singer-songwriter and composer who is known for his modern Bengali lyrics and natural mode of singing.	Nachiketa Chakraborty	composer
occupation	Guillaume Corpart Muller (born in France) is a photographer who works in the fields of documentary and fine art photography.	Guillaume Corpart Muller	photographer
occupation	Hermann of Reichenau (July 18, 1013 -- September 24, 1054), also called Hermannus Contractus or Hermannus Augiensis or Herman the Cripple, was a Roman Catholic 11th-century scholar, composer, music theorist, mathematician, and astronomer.	Hermann of Reichenau	composer	music theorist	mathematician
occupation	Brady Goodwin Jr. (born December 2, 1976) better known by his stage name, Phanatik is an American East Coast rapper and author who has recorded both independently and as a founding member of the two time Grammy nominated group The Cross Movement.	Phanatik	rapper
occupation	Sanjay Suri is an Indian actor and producer from Bollywood.	Sanjay Suri	actor
occupation	Mike Yaconelli (July 24, 1942--October 30, 2003) was a writer, theologian, church leader and satirist.	Mike Yaconelli	writer	theologian
occupation	Gwyn R Price is a Welsh politician who is an elected member of the National Assembly for Wales for the constituency of Islwyn.	Gwyn R Price	politician
occupation	Robert J. Zdarsky (June 3, 1950 -- March 30, 2015), better known by his stage name Robert Z'Dar, was an American actor and film producer, best known for his role as officer Matt Cordell in the cult horror film Maniac Cop and its two sequels.	Robert Z'Dar	actor
occupation	Michael Healey is a Canadian playwright and actor.	Michael Healey	playwright
occupation	Gismalla Abdalla Rassas, a South Sudanese politician and member of the Southern Sudan Liberation Movement, was the penultimate president of the High Executive Council of the Southern Sudan Autonomous Region, serving from 5 October 1981 to 23 June 1982.	Gismalla Abdalla Rassas	politician
occupation	Jeff Dowd (born November 20, 1949) is an American film producer and political activist best known as a member of the ``Seattle Seven,'' who went to jail (briefly, for contempt of court) following a violent protest against the Vietnam war.	Jeff Dowd	film producer
occupation	Sherry Sylvester is a political worker and journalist.	Sherry Sylvester	journalist
occupation	As a writer, Carlo Marenco belongs to the Romantic school.	Carlo Marenco	writer
occupation	Robert Lane Greene is an American journalist, best known for his work for The Economist and his book about the politics of language, You Are What You Speak:	Robert Lane Greene	journalist
occupation	Nina Kuo is a New York-based painter, animator and multimedia artist.	Nina Kuo	artist
occupation	Sisse Marie Holzmann Søby (born in Aalborg, November 21, 1985) is a Danish singer, model, TV hostess and songwriter.	Sisse Marie	singer
occupation	Vernon Jarrett (June 19, 1918 -- May 23, 2004) was an African-American journalist who worked in newspaper, television and radio and was an influential commentator on race relations, politics, and African-American history.	Vernon Jarrett	journalist
occupation	George Sharp (born 12 March 1950 in West Hartlepool, County Durham, England) is an English former first class cricketer who is currently a first class umpire.	George Sharp	cricketer
occupation	Madathil Vasudevan, popularly known as M. V. Devan (January 15, 1928 -- April 29, 2014), was an Indian painter, sculptor, writer, art critic and orator.	M. V. Devan	painter	writer	art critic
occupation	Ana Amélia Lemos was married to lawyer and politician Omar Octavio Cardoso, who died in 2011.	Ana Amélia Lemos	politician
occupation	Toni Redpath is a professional ballroom dance champion and choreographer.	Toni Redpath	choreographer
occupation	Jon Switalski is a former Democratic politician from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Jon Switalski	politician
occupation	Karl Georg Christian von Staudt (January 24, 1798 -- June 1, 1867) was a German mathematician who used synthetic geometry to provide a foundation for arithmetic.	Karl Georg Christian von Staudt	mathematician
occupation	Carolina White (May 23, 1886 -- October 5, 1961) was an actress and opera singer who appeared with Enrico Caruso in one of only two movies the tenor made;	Carolina White	opera singer
occupation	Suni Paz is an Argentinian singer, songwriter, guitarist, poet, folklorist, translator, and teacher, who has recorded and has been published extensively.	Suni Paz	singer
occupation	Marlee Scott (born January 1, 1986 in Richmond Hill, Ontario) is a country music singer and songwriter.	Marlee Scott	singer
occupation	Don Collier (born October 17, 1928) is an actor particularly known for his role in television westerns during the 1960s.	Don Collier	actor
occupation	Martin Mullen (August 22, 1852 -- October 27, 1915) was an American professional baseball player for the Cleveland Forest Citys.	Martin Mullen	baseball player
occupation	Don Fry AO (born Donald G. Fry) is an Australian engineer, company director, entrepreneur and philanthropist.	Don Fry	engineer
occupation	Isis King (born October 1, 1985) is an American fashion model and a fashion designer.	Isis King	model
occupation	Anton Kwiatkowski is a Canadian recording engineer and record producer who began his career in England.	Anton Kwiatkowski	record producer
occupation	José Antonio Ríos Granados (December 2, 1958 -- October 2, 2007) was a Mexican politician, actor, and film maker who served as the mayor of Tultitlán (State of México) from 2000 until 2003.	José Antonio Ríos Granados	politician
occupation	Julia DeVillers (born May 26, 1967) is an American writer of books including How My Private, Personal Journal Became A Bestseller.	Julia DeVillers	writer
occupation	Wadel Abdelkader Kamougué (May 20, 1939 -- May 9, 2011) was a Chadian politician and army officer.	Wadel Abdelkader Kamougué	politician
occupation	William Montgomery Churchwell was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives.	William Montgomery Churchwell	politician
occupation	Mariano Perez Flormata Jr. (born July 26, 1985), better known as Neil Perez, is a Filipino actor, police officer and pageant winner who was crowned Mister International 2014 at Ansan, Seoul, South Korea.	Neil Perez	police officer
occupation	Dean Drummond (January 22, 1949 -- April 13, 2013) was an American composer, arranger, conductor and musician.	Dean Drummond	composer
occupation	George Bacon Wood (March 13, 1797 -- March 30, 1879) was an American physician, professor, and writer from Pennsylvania.	George Bacon Wood	physician
occupation	Jesper Mogensen is a Danish neuroscientist who works as a professor at the University of Copenhagen, Department of Psychology, and is the founder and head of The Unit for Cognitive Neuroscience (UCN) and director of Research Centre for Brain Injury Rehabilitation (ReCBIR).	Jesper Mogensen	neuroscientist
occupation	Dorothy Comstock Riley (December 6, 1924 -- October 23, 2004) was a lawyer and judge from the U.S. state of Michigan, serving on the Michigan Supreme Court and the first woman to serve on the Michigan Court of Appeals.	Dorothy Comstock Riley	lawyer	judge
occupation	Humaira Hasan is a career diplomat from Pakistan.	Humaira Hasan	diplomat
occupation	Fatiniza is a Colombian pop and rock singer-songwriter, based in Dubai.	Fatiniza	singer
occupation	Emílio Henrique Baumgart or Emil Heinrich Baumgart (in German) was a Brazilian engineer.	Emílio Henrique Baumgart	engineer
occupation	Anthony Ian Berkeley (November 15, 1964 -- July 15, 2001) better known as Too Poetic, was a Trinidadian-born American rapper and producer.	Anthony Ian Berkeley	rapper
occupation	Achille Ouy (1889-1959) was a French philosopher and sociologist who taught philosophy at various lycees.	Achille Ouy	sociologist
occupation	Craig McDonald is a journalist and the author of The Hector Lassiter series, The Chris Lyon series, the standalone novel El Gavilan, as well as two collections of interviews with fellow fiction writers, Art in the Blood (2006) and Rogue Males (2009).	Craig McDonald	journalist
occupation	Bill Bayno (born May 18, 1962) is an American basketball coach and former assistant coach with the Toronto Raptors.	Bill Bayno	basketball coach
occupation	Joe Doerr (November 15, 1961) a.k.a. Joe Francis Doerr is an Austin, Texas-based singer-songwriter and poet.	Joe Doerr	poet
occupation	He has a son named Charles Glenn McClelland who is also a musician.	Glenn McClelland	musician
occupation	Aaron Brookner (born December 22, 1981) is an American film director and scriptwriter.	Aaron Brookner	film director
occupation	Yasin Pilavcılar (born September 11, 1990, in Istanbul, Turkey) is a horse racing jockey, who is currently riding at Veliefendi Race Course in Istanbul, Turkey.	Yasin Pilavcılar	jockey
occupation	Moni Naor (Hebrew: מוני נאור‎) is an Israeli computer scientist, currently a professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science.	Moni Naor	computer scientist
occupation	Gigi Hamilton is a Swedish singer-songwriter, best known as a member of the popular Swedish pop-groups, Freestyle and later Style.	Gigi Hamilton	singer
occupation	Philipp Meyer (born Jan 5, 1974) is an American fiction writer, and is the author of the novels American Rust and The Son, as well as short stories published in McSweeney's Quarterly, The Iowa Review, and Esquire UK.	Philipp Meyer	writer
occupation	Jean-Léonard Rugambage was a Rwandan journalist, acting editor of the newspaper Umuvugizi.	Jean-Léonard Rugambage	journalist
occupation	Charles Edward Karst, known as Ed Karst (September 18, 1931 -- July 17, 1992), was an attorney and politician remembered for his controversial tenure as the mayor (1969--1973) of Alexandria, the seat of Rapides parish and the largest city in central Louisiana.	Ed Karst	politician
occupation	Jeremy Lile is a former bass singer for the Southern Gospel quartet Brian Free and Assurance.	Jeremy Lile	singer
occupation	Cornelia Peake McDonald (June 14, 1822 -- January 11, 1909) was an American diarist who was the author of A Diary with Reminiscences of the War and Refugee Life in the Shenandoah Valley, 1860-1865 in which she recaps her life as a woman living in Winchester, Virginia.	Cornelia Peake McDonald	diarist
occupation	Rob Bochnik (born 1973) is an American musician, audio engineer, singer and songwriter.	Rob Bochnik	audio engineer
occupation	Martin Kolikoli, also known as Martin Ndunguru, (born May 25, 1989 in Dar es Salaam) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player for Pazi Basketball Team in Tanzania.	Martin Kolikoli	basketball player
occupation	David Hilker is an American singer, musician, songwriter, producer and music industry executive.	David Hilker	singer	songwriter
occupation	Jorge Santini Padilla (born March 11, 1960) is a Puerto Rican politician who is best known as former Mayor of San Juan City.	Jorge Santini	politician
occupation	K. Rajeshwar is an Indian film director, who has Tamil films.	K. Rajeshwar	film director
occupation	Louise Meriwether (born May 8, 1923) is an American novelist, essayist, journalist and activist, as well as a writer of biographies of historically important African Americans for children.	Louise Meriwether	novelist	journalist	writer
occupation	Jim Garland (April 8, 1905 -- September 6, 1978) was a songwriter from the coal mining country of eastern Kentucky, where he was involved with the communist-led National Miners Union (NMU) during the violent labor conflicts of the early 1930s called the Harlan County War.	Jim Garland	songwriter
occupation	Zhu Yun (Chinese: 朱赟, born 1989) is a Chinese team handball player.	Zhu Yun	handball player
occupation	Diana Remenyi (born April 4, 1986 in Budapest) is a Hungarian former swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke and individual medley events.	Diana Remenyi	swimmer
occupation	Wipert von Blücher (14 July 1883 -- 20 January 1963) was a German diplomat and the German ambassador to Finland from 12 May 1935 to late 1944.	Wipert von Blücher	diplomat
occupation	Vincenc Makovský (Vincent Makovsky) (1900--1966) was an avant-garde Czech sculptor and industrial designer.	Vincenc Makovský	sculptor
occupation	Ashraf Habibullah is a structural engineer and software developer best known as the founder, President, and CEO of Computers and Structures, Inc., a structural and earthquake engineering software company based in Berkeley, California.	Ashraf Habibullah	engineer
occupation	Nabil Gholam is a Lebanese architect and the founder of Nabil Gholam Architects (ngª).	Nabil Gholam	architect
occupation	Tico Wells is an African-American actor, known for his role as Choir Boy in the 1991 film The Five Heartbeats.	Tico Wells	actor
occupation	``No other journalist or world figure, with the possible exception of Winston Churchill, has remained in the public spotlight for so long,'' wrote Norman R. Bowen in Lowell Thomas:	Lowell Thomas	journalist
occupation	Walter Irving Scott (July 1, 1895 -- May 12, 1995) was an American musician, cardsharp and amateur magician.	Walter Irving Scott	magician
occupation	James Blatch Piggott Dennis (1815-1861) was an English paleontologist and natural historian.	James Blatch Piggott Dennis	paleontologist
occupation	Anja Steinlechner Hubalek is an Austrian-born singer/songwriter.	Anja Steinlechner	singer
occupation	Jeffrey Tayler is a U.S.-born author and journalist.	Jeffrey Tayler	journalist
occupation	Joseph Calleia (/kəˈleɪə/ kə-LAY-ə; born Joseph Alexander Caesar Herstall Vincent Calleja, August 4, 1897 -- October 31, 1975) was a Maltese-born American actor and singer on the stage and in films, radio and television.	Joseph Calleia	actor	singer
occupation	Benjamin Wood Richards (November 12, 1797 in Batsto, New Jersey -- July 12, 1851 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) was an American lawyer and politician from Pennsylvania.	Benjamin Wood Richards	politician
occupation	Sérgio 'Mallandro' Neiva Cavalcanti a.k.a. ``Sérgio Mallandro'' (born October 12, 1955, date confirmed by Sérgio Mallandro on the TV Record program ``Tudo é Possível'') is a Brazilian actor and TV shows host.	Sérgio Mallandro	actor
occupation	Leonhard Blasius (also spelled Lennart, Leinert, Lineest) (died December 8, 1644 ) was a Danish architect in the service of King Christian IV.	Leonhard Blasius	architect
occupation	Maia Hirasawa (born May 5, 1980) is a Swedish singer-songwriter of Swedish and Japanese parentage.	Maia Hirasawa	singer
occupation	Albert John Cook (born in Owosso, Michigan on August 30, 1842; died in Owosso on September 29, 1916) was an entomologist and zoologist.	Albert John Cook	entomologist	zoologist
occupation	She is the chief executive officer of Kendra Scott Design.	Kendra Scott	chief executive officer
occupation	Lilian May Miller (July 20, 1895 - January 11, 1943) was an American painter, woodblock printmaker and poet born in Tokyo, Japan.	Lilian May Miller	painter	printmaker
occupation	Sam Bozzo (born February 15, 1969) is an American film director and author.	Sam Bozzo	film director
occupation	Mary Hopkin (born 3 May 1950), credited on some recordings as Mary Visconti, is a Welsh folk singer best known for her 1968 UK number one single ``Those Were The Days''.	Mary Hopkin	singer
occupation	Kenelm Henry Digby (c. 1797 -- 1880) was an Anglo-Irish writer, whose reputation rests chiefly on his earliest publication, The Broad-Stone of Honour, or Rules for the Gentlemen of England (1822), which contains an exhaustive survey of medieval customs.	Kenelm Henry Digby	writer
occupation	Kazuo Misaki (born April 25, 1976) is a retired Japanese professional mixed martial artist and former judoka.	Kazuo Misaki	judoka
occupation	SS Sule (full name and details unknown) was an Indian cricketer who played for Holkar.	SS Sule	cricketer
occupation	Alexander Isley (born November 16, 1961) is an American graphic designer and educator.	Alexander Isley	graphic designer
occupation	Ingram Cecil Connor III (November 5, 1946 -- September 19, 1973), known professionally as Gram Parsons, was an American singer, songwriter, guitarist, and pianist.	Gram Parsons	singer, songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Aleksandar Hemon (born September 9, 1964) is a Bosnian-born American fiction writer, essayist, and critic.	Aleksandar Hemon	writer
occupation	Thanjavur Subha Rao was an Indian administrator and musician who served as the dewan of the state of Travancore in the 1830s.	Thanjavur Subha Rao	musician
occupation	Yasuji Sasaki (born February 28, 1967) is a Japanese chef, and winner of the 2008 Bocuse d'Or Asia, the inaugural competition of its kind.	Yasuji Sasaki	chef
occupation	William Frank McCall, Jr., FAIA (April 14, 1916 -- March 12, 1991) was a noted architect who--like his colleagues, Edward Vason Jones, James Means, Philip Shutze, et al.	William Frank McCall, Jr.	architect
occupation	Jeffrey Mursau (June 12, 1954) is a Wisconsin politician, legislator and businee owner.	Jeffrey Mursau	politician
occupation	Christine Malèvre (born January 10, 1970) is a former nurse who was arrested in 1998 on suspicion of having killed as many as 30 patients.	Christine Malèvre	nurse
occupation	John Fillmore Hayford (May 19, 1868 -- March 10, 1925) was an eminent United States geodesist.	John Fillmore Hayford	geodesist
occupation	Chuck Goudie (born January 17, 1956 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American television journalist based in Chicago.	Chuck Goudie	journalist
occupation	Vinny Miller (born in Dorset, England) is a British singer-songwriter and record producer, once signed to the 4AD label.	Vinny Miller	singer-songwriter
occupation	Seth Landau is an actor/writer/director and former newspaper reporter for The Arizona Republic and New Times.	Seth Landau	actor
occupation	'Adnan Akbar, born in Mecca is a Saudi fashion designer described as the ``Saint Laurent of the Middle East''.	Adnan Akbar	fashion designer
occupation	Dr. Ajay Kumar Parida is an Indian biologist noted for his contributions in the fields of agriculture, plant molecular biology and biotechnology.	Ajay Kumar Parida	biologist
occupation	Harry Mattison (born January 27, 1948) is an American photographer born Henry E. Mattison in New York City.	Harry Mattison	photographer
occupation	Rafael Bejarano (born June 23, 1982 in Arequipa, Peru) is a champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing.	Rafael Bejarano	jockey
occupation	Z. Boult (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer who made one appearance for Middlesex in 1787, scoring 18 runs.	Z. Boult	cricketer
occupation	Sylvester Ritter (December 13, 1952 -- June 2, 1998) was an American professional wrestler and college football player, best known for his work in Mid-South Wrestling and the World Wrestling Federation as the Junkyard Dog (or JYD for short), a nickname Ritter received while working in a wrecking yard.	Junkyard Dog	professional wrestler
occupation	Thomas Polk (c. 1732--January 25, 1794) was a planter, military officer in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War from 1775 to 1781, and a politician who served in the North Carolina House of Commons, North Carolina Provincial Congress, and Council of State.	Thomas Polk	politician
occupation	Alfredo Donelli was a leading Italian cinematographer who worked on a number of silent films including the largely abandoned Italian-shot scenes of MGM's blockbuster Ben Hur (1925).	Alfredo Donelli	cinematographer
occupation	Robert Bruce Moser (November 24, 1916 -- October 14, 2015), known as Bruce Mozert, was an American photographer.	Bruce Mozert	photographer
occupation	Christopher Galloway was a Scottish engineer and architect who worked in Russia during the reign of Tsar Mikhail (1621--1645).	Christopher Galloway	engineer
occupation	Dr June Jackson Christmas is a psychiatrist, a former New York City Commissioner of Mental Health and Mental Retardation Services, member of President Jimmy Carter transition team, the beneficiary of Human-Services Award, the founder of a community psychiatric program in Harlem - Harlem Rehabilitation Center.	June Jackson Christmas	psychiatrist
occupation	Brent Laing (born December 10, 1978 in Meaford, Ontario) is a Canadian curler currently residing in Calgary, Alberta.	Brent Laing	curler
occupation	Mojib Latif (born September 29, 1954) is German meteorologist and oceanographer of Pakistani descent.	Mojib Latif	meteorologist
occupation	Sydney Ball is an Australian abstract painter.	Sydney Ball	painter
occupation	Gün Sazak (March 26, 1932 -- May 27, 1980) was a Turkish nationalist politician and former government minister who was assassinated in a terrorist attack by left wing militants.	Gün Sazak	politician
occupation	Tristan Dyer is an American film director, stop-motion animator, and Iraq war veteran from Waldoboro, Maine.	Tristan Dyer	film director
occupation	Rajkumar Santoshi is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter of Hindi films.	Rajkumar Santoshi	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Tshepo Mhozya (born on November 29, 1985 in Botswana) is a Botswana cricketer and is the current captain of Botswana national cricket team.	Tshepo Mhozya	cricketer
occupation	Randy Halberstadt (born May 1, 1953 in New York, New York) is an American jazz pianist, composer, recording artist, author, and teacher.	Randy Halberstadt	composer
occupation	Joseph Goldberger (Hungarian: Goldberger József) (July 16, 1874 -- January 17, 1929) was an American physician and epidemiologist employed in the United States Public Health Service (PHS).	Joseph Goldberger	epidemiologist
occupation	Gary Dontzig is an American television producer, screenwriter, and actor.	Gary Dontzig	screenwriter
occupation	William Happer (born July 27, 1939) is an American physicist who has specialised in the study of atomic physics, optics and spectroscopy.	William Happer	physicist
occupation	Sway Calloway (born August 23, 1970), better known mononymously as Sway, is an American rapper and reporter and executive producer for MTV News.	Sway Calloway	rapper
occupation	Shawn McGrath (May 9, 1976 -- January 26, 2011) was an American professional wrestler, better known by the ring name Shawn Osborne.	Shawn Osborne	professional wrestler
occupation	Miltiades Manno (March 3, 1880 -- February 16, 1935) was a Hungarian rower and artist.	Miltiades Manno	rower
occupation	Edmund Docwra (fl. 1571-2) of Chamberhouse Castle at Crookham in Berkshire, was an English politician.	Edmund Docwra	politician
occupation	Lisa Ono (小野リサ, Ono Risa, born July 29, 1962) is a popular Japanese-Brazilian bossa nova singer.	Lisa Ono	singer
occupation	Kadiyam Srihari is an Indian politician, presently Deputy Chief Minister and Education minister of Telangana State.	Kadiyam Srihari	politician
occupation	Simona Armstrong (born 1977/78) is a Romanian born actress and singer who lives and works mainly in the UK.	Simona Armstrong	singer
occupation	John Peavey (born September 1, 1933) is a rancher and Democratic politician from Carey, Idaho.	John Peavey	politician
occupation	Deacon Ignjatije (Serbian: Ђакон Игњатије) was Russian deacon who accompanied Metropolitan Pimen during his travel to Constantinople at the end of the 14th century.	Deacon Ignjatije	deacon
occupation	Joel Dreyfuss (born in Haiti, 1945) is a Haitian-American journalist, editor, and writer now based in Paris, France.	Joel Dreyfuss	journalist
occupation	H.F. Russell (dates unknown) was an English cricketer.	H.F. Russell	cricketer
occupation	Ali Sharif Al Emadi is a Qatari economist and businessman.	Ali Sharif Al Emadi	economist
occupation	Saint Sergius of Valaam (Сергий Валаамский) was a Greek monk and wonderworker credited with bringing Orthodox Christianity to Karelian and Finnish people.	Sergius of Valaam	monk
occupation	Carl G. von Iwonski (1830--1912) was a painter born in Germany who became a naturalized American citizen.	Carl G. von Iwonski	painter
occupation	George Boba, a painter and engraver of the 16th century, known by the name of Maître Georges, was a native of Rheims, and is said by Karel van Mander to have been a disciple of Frans Floris, and by others of Titian.	George Boba	painter	engraver
occupation	Abdur Rashid Kardar (1904--1989), often abbreviated as A.R. Kardar, was an actor and film director/film producer.	Abdur Rashid Kardar	actor	film director	film producer
occupation	Nico Minardos (born February 15, 1930 in Pangrati, Athens, Greece, died August 27, 2011 in Woodland Hills, California), was a Greek-American actor.	Nico Minardos	actor
occupation	Johann Strauss I (German: Johann Baptist Strauß, Johann Strauss (Vater); also Johann Baptist Strauss, Johann Strauss, Sr., the Elder, the Father; March 14, 1804 -- September 25, 1849) was an Austrian Romantic composer.	Johann Strauss I	composer
occupation	John Carroll O'Connor (August 2, 1924 -- June 21, 2001), known as Carroll O'Connor, was an American actor, producer and director whose television career spanned four decades.	Carroll O'Connor	actor
occupation	Bela Bose was a prolific dancer and actress in Hindi films during the 1960s and 70s.	Bela Bose	dancer
occupation	Henri Pitot (May 3, 1695 -- December 27, 1771) was a French hydraulic engineer and the inventor of the pitot tube.	Henri Pitot	engineer
occupation	Karla Kienzl (sometimes listed as Carla Kienzl or Karla Kienzl) (born October 21, 1922) was an Austrian luger who competed during the 1950s.	Karla Kienzl	luger
occupation	Neema Barnette is an American film director, and the first African-American woman sitcom director.	Neema Barnette	film director
occupation	Reena Bhardwaj is a British Indian singer, songwriter and recording artist best known for her collaborations with AR Rahman and Nitin Sawhney.	Reena Bhardwaj	singer
occupation	Clement Cheng is a screenwriter, film director, and visual effects art director in the cinema of Hong Kong.	Clement Cheng	film director
occupation	Dylan Ramsey is an American / Canadian actor and film producer, known for his portrayals of dark dramatic and comedically eccentric characters of diverse ethnicity.	Dylan Ramsey	actor	film producer
occupation	Ellen Rogers is an English photographer and visual artist, known for her ``all-analogue'' approach to image making.	Ellen Rogers	photographer
occupation	Evan Glodell is an American feature film director, producer, writer, and actor, who directed the indie film Bellflower on a shoestring budget of $17,000.	Evan Glodell	film director
occupation	Lester Strong (born Lester Franklin Strong, circa 1949) was a reporter and news anchor at WHDH-TV from June 1984 until 2000.	Lester Strong	reporter
occupation	Hideo Shimizu (清水 英男) is a Japanese mathematician who introduced Shimizu L-functions.	Hideo Shimizu	mathematician
occupation	D. S. Adhimoolam was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu..	D. S. Adhimoolam	politician
occupation	Clifford Chase is an American novelist who has written Winkie, a novel about a sentient teddy bear accused of terrorism, The Hurry-Up Song:	Clifford Chase	novelist
occupation	Simon Kaukhchishvili (Georgian: სიმონ ყაუხჩიშვილი) (October 1, 1895, Kutaisi -- May 11, 1981, Tbilisi) was a Georgian historian and philologist known for his critical editions of old Georgian chronicles;	Simon Kaukhchishvili	historian
occupation	Luc Dupanloup, more famous under his pen name Dupa, was a Belgian comics artist best known as the creator of Cubitus which later was turned into an animated series called Wowser.	Dupa	comics artist
occupation	Walter O'Keefe (August 18, 1900 -- June 26, 1983) was an American songwriter, actor, syndicated columnist, Broadway composer, radio legend, screenwriter, musical arranger and TV host.	Walter O'Keefe	actor	composer
occupation	Joel Thome (born in Detroit, Michigan) is the conductor and artistic director of Orchestra of Our Time.	Joel Thome	conductor
occupation	Bruce Simonson is an American planetary scientist and geologist notable for his contributions to meteoroid astronomy and glaciology.	Bruce Simonson	geologist
occupation	Johnny Archer (born November 12, 1968 in Waycross, Georgia) is an American professional pool player.	Johnny Archer	pool player
occupation	Alekos Livaditis (Greek: Αλέκος Λειβαδίτης, 1914 -- March 23, 1980) was a Greek actor in theatre and cinema.	Alekos Livaditis	actor
occupation	The abuse began in 1982 and continued for two years, when the victim was an altar boy in Valleymount parish and Thomas Naughton was curate.	Thomas Naughton	curate
occupation	Jeannette Hamby (March 15, 1933 -- January 27, 2012) was an American politician and nurse in Oregon.	Jeannette Hamby	politician
occupation	George Nick Clements (October 5, 1940 -- August 30, 2009) was an American theoretical linguist specializing in phonology.	Nick Clements	linguist
occupation	Gao Qinrong (Chinese: 高勤荣; pinyin: Gāo Qínróng; born c. 1955) is a Chinese journalist who was imprisoned for eight years after reporting on a fraudulent irrigation project in his home province of Shanxi.	Gao Qinrong	journalist
occupation	Roy Koerner MBE was a Polar explorer who participated in what the then Prime Minister, Harold Wilson described as ``a feat of endurance and courage which ranks with any in polar history'', and Prince Philip feels ``ranks among the greatest triumphs of human skill and endurance''.	Roy Koerner	explorer
occupation	Joseph Victor Gomez Ejercito (born December 26, 1969 in Manila), commonly known as JV Ejercito or JV Ejercito Estrada, is a Filipino politician who served as Representative for the Legislative district of San Juan City, Mayor of that same city, and is currently, a Senator.	JV Ejercito	politician
occupation	Nicole Fiscella (born September 15, 1979) is an American actress and model, of Indian and St Lucian ancestry, who rose to fame through the book-based TV series Gossip Girl as Isabel Coates.	Nicole Fiscella	model
occupation	Enric Martí Carreto was a Catalan textile entrepreneur in the second half of the 20th century.	Enric Martí Carreto	entrepreneur
occupation	Claire Bishop is an art historian, critic, author, and Professor in the History of Art Department at CUNY Graduate Center, New York since September 2008.	Claire Bishop	art historian
occupation	Herman Hartwich (or Hartwick, July 8, 1853 in New York City -- March 8, 1926 in Munich) was a German-American landscape and genre painter.	Herman Hartwich	painter
occupation	Norman Love is an American pastry chef located in Fort Myers, Florida.	Norman Love	chef
occupation	Habiba Dembélé Sahouet is an Ivorian journalist and television presenter.	Habiba Dembélé	journalist
occupation	Ernest van den Haag (September 15, 1914 -- March 21, 2002) was a Dutch-American sociologist, social critic, and John M. Olin Professor of Jurisprudence and Public Policy at Fordham University.	Ernest van den Haag	sociologist
occupation	Venise T. Berry is an award-winning American novelist known for her novels about contemporary African-American relationships.	Venise T. Berry	novelist
occupation	J. Owen Forrester (April 27, 1939 -- July 1, 2014) was a United States federal judge, a position he held from 1981 to 2004.	J. Owen Forrester	judge
occupation	Pycard, also spelt Picard and Picart (late 14th century -- early 15th century) was an English or French Medieval and Renaissance transitional composer.	Pycard	composer
occupation	Duane Martin (born August 11, 1965) is an American film and television actor and real estate agent.	Duane Martin	actor
occupation	Eleanor Margaret Burbidge (née Peachey), FRS (born August 12, 1919 in Davenport) is a British-born American astrophysicist, noted for original research and holding many administrative posts, including Director of the Royal Greenwich Observatory.	Margaret Burbidge	astrophysicist
occupation	John Thomson Mason (January 8, 1787 -- April 17, 1850) was an American lawyer, United States marshal, Secretary of Michigan Territory from 1830 through 1831, land agent, and an important figure in the Texas Revolution.	John Thomson Mason	lawyer
occupation	Suzanne M. Levine, DPM, PC, is a clinical podiatrist and a foot surgeon at the NewYork--	Suzanne M. Levine	podiatrist
occupation	Chandra Mohan Sharma (born 1976) is an Indian social activist, who used the Right to Information (RTI) act to fight against illegal encroachments of government land.	Chandra Mohan Sharma	activist
occupation	Henri René (born Harold M. Kirchstein; December 29, 1906 -- April 25, 1993), was an American musician who had an international career in the recording industry as a producer, composer, conductor and arranger.	Henri René	composer	conductor
occupation	Nidia Guenard (born March 12, 1979) is an American retired professional wrestler who is best known for her time with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) under the ring name, Nidia.	Nidia Guenard	professional wrestler
occupation	John Hessin Clarke (September 18, 1857 -- March 22, 1945) was an American lawyer and judge who served as an Associate Justice of the United States Supreme Court from 1916 to 1922.	John Hessin Clarke	lawyer	judge
occupation	Irina Petrushova (born 1965) is a Russian journalist, founder and editor-in-chief of the weekly Respublika in Kazakhstan.	Irina Petrushova	journalist
occupation	Qahar Asi (Persian: قهار عاصی‎) (April 12, 1956 -- September 29, 1994) was a notable modern Afghan poet and agriculturist.	Qahar Asi	poet
occupation	George Van Tassel (March 12, 1910 -- February 9, 1978) was an American contactee, ufologist, author.	George Van Tassel	ufologist
occupation	Joe Thein (born July 17, 1991 in Esch-sur-Alzette) is a Luxembourgish politician, councillor of Pétange and flight attendant.	Joe Thein	politician
occupation	Roger Youderian (January 21, 1924 -- January 8, 1956) was an American evangelical Christian missionary to Ecuador who, along with four others, was killed while attempting to evangelize the Huaorani people through efforts known as Operation Auca.	Roger Youderian	missionary
occupation	Archer MacMackin (February 7, 1888 -- February 8, 1961) was an American silent film director, producer, and screenwriter.	Archer MacMackin	film director
occupation	George Henry Challenger (1881-1947) was a British aviator and aero-engineer, originally with the Bristol Aeroplane Company and later with Vickers he designed a number of aircraft and held a number of aviation related patents.	George Henry Challenger	engineer
occupation	G. Edward Bradley (October 21, 1906 -- September 24, 1993) was an American optometrist and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the 24th Mayor, of Somerville, Massachusetts.	G. Edward Bradley	politician
occupation	Fabián Dobles Rodríguez (January 17, 1918 -- March 22, 1997) was a Costa Rican writer and left-wing political activist.	Fabián Dobles	writer
occupation	Louis Gathmann (August 11, 1843--June 3, 1917) was a German American engineer and an inventor who is best remembered as the inventor of the Gathamnn gun, a large howitzer.	Louis Gathmann	engineer
occupation	Linda Perhacs is an American psychedelic folk singer, who released her first album Parallelograms in 1970 to scant notice or sales.	Linda Perhacs	singer
occupation	Sam Boardman-Jacobs (born 1942) is a Wales-based playwright, director scenographer and recently choreographer, since receiving a master's degree from Trinity/ Laban.	Sam Boardman-Jacobs	playwright
occupation	Born in Auch in a modest family, Jean-Louis-Brigitte Espagne enlisted in 1787 as a soldier in the Dragons de la Reine (Queen's Dragoons) regiment and then saw a very slow promotion through the ranks.	Jean-Louis-Brigitte Espagne	soldier
occupation	Kevin Schilder is a video game composer.	Kevin Schilder	composer
occupation	Ajay Rai is an Indian politician, who is a five-time MLA from Uttar Pradesh.	Ajay Rai	politician
occupation	Kari Korhonen (born 1973) is a Finnish cartoonist known for his stories about Donald Duck.	Kari Korhonen	cartoonist
occupation	O'Ryan (born O'Ryan Omir Browner; February 12, 1987 in Compton, California) is an American R&B singer.	O'Ryan	singer
occupation	David B. Kaplan is an American physicist born in 1958.	David B. Kaplan	physicist
occupation	Harvey L. Clark (October 7, 1807 -- March 24, 1858) was an educator, missionary, and settler of what became Forest Grove, Oregon, United States.	Harvey L. Clark	missionary
occupation	Loren R. Pierce (December 26, 1878 -- June 24, 1961) was a Vermont attorney and politician who had a long career in the Vermont General Assembly.	Loren R. Pierce	politician
occupation	Hasan Zaydan is an Iraqi politician and a member of the Iraqi National Assembly with the Iraqi National Dialogue Front.	Hasan Zaydan	politician
occupation	Frances Carter Barron Casteel, known as Carter Casteel (born December 10, 1942), is an attorney and Republican politician from New Braunfels, Texas.	Carter Casteel	politician
occupation	Kris Angelica (January 2, 1999) is a Filipina singer and a Television Personality.	Kris Angelica	singer
occupation	Robert Linderholm (October 19, 1933 -- July 6, 2013) was an amateur American astronomer who discovered eight asteroids.	Robert Linderholm	astronomer
occupation	Eric Funk is an American contemporary classical composer and conductor.	Eric Funk	composer
occupation	Philip Granville Short, known as Phil Short (born January 31, 1947), is a retired military officer formerly from Covington, Louisiana, USA, who served in the Louisiana State Senate for District 12 (St. Helena, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa, and Washington parishes) from 1996 to 1999.	Phil Short	officer
occupation	Don Costello (September 5, 1901 -- October 24, 1945) was an American stage (Broadway) and movie actor.	Don Costello	actor
occupation	John C. Shabaz (June 25, 1931 - August 31, 2012) was a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin and legislator.	John C. Shabaz	judge
occupation	William Coulter is an American Celtic guitarist, performer, recording artist, and teacher.	William Coulter	guitarist
occupation	Louis Ozawa Changchien (born October 11, 1975) is an American actor, best known for his role in the 2010 film Predators and 2012 The Bourne Legacy.	Louis Ozawa Changchien	actor
occupation	James M. Lilly was an American politician who served as the twenty second Mayor of North Adams, Massachusetts.	James M. Lilly	politician
occupation	Gavin MacKenzie (born November 9, 1952) is a Canadian lawyer and former Treasurer of the Law Society of Upper Canada.	Gavin MacKenzie	lawyer
occupation	Jorge Marrale (born June 30, 1947) is a well-known Argentine actor.	Jorge Marrale	actor
occupation	Diana Lee Inosanto (born May 29, 1966) is an American actress, stuntwoman, martial artist and film director, sometimes credited as D. Lee Inosanto.	Diana Lee Inosanto	film director
occupation	Grant Hinkle is an American poker player who won the 2008 World Series of Poker (WSOP) $1,500 No-Limit Hold'em event.	Grant Hinkle	poker player
occupation	John C. Van Hollen (June 27, 1933) is a Wisconsin businessman and politician.	John C. Van Hollen	politician
occupation	Robert Kimmel Smith (born July 31, 1930, Brooklyn, New York) is a novelist and award-winning American children's author.	Robert Kimmel Smith	novelist
occupation	Dee Jaywalker is a Belgian punk rock musician and songwriter.	Dee Jaywalker	musician	songwriter
occupation	Penny Warner is an American mystery writer who has won multiple Agatha Awards.	Penny Warner	writer
occupation	Barnabe Barnes was well acquainted with the work of contemporary French sonneteers, to whom he is largely indebted, and he borrows his title, apparently, from a Neapolitan writer of Latin verse, Hieronymus Angerianus.	Barnabe Barnes	writer
occupation	Zachary Lipton (born 1985) is a jazz saxophonist, composer, and bandleader from New Rochelle, New York.	Zachary Lipton	saxophonist
occupation	James Scheffer (born June 8, 1970), professionally known as Jim Jonsin, is an American music producer, songwriter and businessman from South Florida.	Jim Jonsin	music producer
occupation	La Mont West, Jr. (born July 2, 1930) is an anthropologist.	La Mont West	anthropologist
occupation	Vikram Chopra (also known as Vicky Chopra) born on June 9 is an Indian film director, screen writer and actor .	Vikram Chopra	actor
occupation	Elizabeth Tikvah Sarah (also known as Rabbi Elli Sarah) is a British rabbi and author.	Elizabeth Tikvah Sarah	rabbi
occupation	Deborah Henson-Conant (born November 11, 1953 in Stockton, California) is an American harpist and composer.	Deborah Henson-Conant	composer
occupation	Count Edmund Francis Dunne (July 30, 1835 -- October 4, 1904), born Edmund Francis O'Dunne, was an American politician and jurist who served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Arizona Territory.	Edmund Francis Dunne	politician
occupation	Jean-Marie Séguin (January 27, 1929 -- August 21, 2011) was an educator, insurance broker and politician in Quebec.	Jean-Marie Séguin	politician
occupation	Roscoe Conkling (October 30, 1829 -- April 18, 1888) was a politician from New York who served both as a member of the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate.	Roscoe Conkling	politician
occupation	Michelle Belegrin is an American actress and model, who starred as Andrea Zavatti on the MyNetworkTV serial Desire.	Michelle Belegrin	model
occupation	Hans Olsson, a Swedish alpine skier specialising in the speed events, is Jon Olsson's brother.	Jon Olsson	alpine skier
occupation	Bill Sherk is a Canadian writer and journalist and is an authority on old cars.	Bill Sherk	journalist
occupation	Max Swarner is a professional singer and actor from Dallas, TX.	Max Swarner	singer
occupation	Alvin Lustig (February 8, 1915 - December 5, 1955) was an American book designer, graphic designer and typeface designer.	Alvin Lustig	graphic designer
occupation	Ravi Bhatia (born on November 30, 1988) is an Indian television actor.	Ravi Bhatia	actor
occupation	José Graziano da Silva (born November 17, 1949) is an American-born Brazilian agronomist and writer.	José Graziano da Silva	agronomist
occupation	J. Patrick Lewis (born May 5, 1942) is an American poet and prose writer noted for his children's poems and other light verse.	J. Patrick Lewis	writer
occupation	Ernesto Cardenal Martínez (born January 20, 1925) is a Nicaraguan Catholic priest, poet and politician.	Ernesto Cardenal	Catholic priest	poet
occupation	Jean Dinning (March 29, 1924 -- February 22, 2011) was an American singer and songwriter, best known for co-writing, with her then-husband, Red Surrey, the 1959 hit song ``Teen Angel'', the most popular version of which was sung by her brother Mark Dinning.	Jean Dinning	singer
occupation	Mohamad Zain Bin Mohd Saidin (born February 23, 1984) or more commonly known as Zain Saidin is a Malaysian actor and a model.	Zain Saidin	actor	model
occupation	Judie Byrd is an American chef and host of the cooking series Judie Byrd's Kitchen	Judie Byrd	chef
occupation	Marina Abramović (Serbian Cyrillic: Марина Абрамовић, ; born November 30, 1946) is a Serbian performance artist based in New York.	Marina Abramović	artist
occupation	Hank Mizell (November 9, 1923 -- December 23, 1992) was an American singer, guitarist and songwriter.	Hank Mizell	singer
occupation	Robert Joseph Bandoni (11 November 1926 -- 5 May 2009) was a mycologist who specialized on the taxonomy and morphology of the heterobasidiomycetes (``jelly fungi'').	Robert Joseph Bandoni	mycologist
occupation	Fernando Sanford (1854--1948) was an American physicist and university professor.	Fernando Sanford	physicist
occupation	M. Korkut Uygun is a Turkish chemical engineer and a medical researcher.	Korkut Uygun	engineer
occupation	Bernard Hocke is a television and film actor.	Bernard Hocke	actor
occupation	Henry Judd Baker is an American actor known for such films and television shows as Oliver Stone's Seizure, Clean and Sober, The Mighty Quinn, William Friedkin's Cruising and Dark Shadows.	Henry Judd Baker	actor
occupation	Tanya Ryno is an American film and television producer, director, and writer.	Tanya Ryno	television producer	writer
occupation	Johnny Shannon (born John Shannon, 29 July 1932) is a South London born English actor who appeared in numerous television and film productions over a 40-year period, often playing policemen or crooks in crime dramas.	Johnny Shannon	actor
occupation	Kenneth Hayes Miller (March 11, 1876 -- January 1, 1952) was an American painter, printmaker, and teacher.	Kenneth Hayes Miller	painter
occupation	Piero Malvestiti (1899--1964) was an Italian politician who was a minister in successive governments in the 1940s and 1950s, a European Commissioner and President of the High Authority of the European Coal and Steel Community.	Piero Malvestiti	politician
occupation	Apollonius of Tyana (Ancient Greek: Ἀπολλώνιος ὁ Τυανεύς; c. 15 -- c. 100 AD), sometimes also called Apollonios of Tyana, was a Greek Neopythagorean philosopher from the town of Tyana in the Roman province of Cappadocia in Anatolia.	Apollonius of Tyana	philosopher
occupation	Verena Winiwarter (born July 26, 1961 in Vienna) is an Austrian environmental historian.	Verena Winiwarter	historian
occupation	Morris Steggerda (September 1, 1900 − March 15, 1950) was an American physical anthropologist.	Morris Steggerda	anthropologist
occupation	Mihail Zervos is a Greek financial mathematician.	Mihail Zervos	mathematician
occupation	Mohamed Aloulou (November 19, 1941) is a Tunisian cardiologist and politician.	Mohamed Aloulou	politician
occupation	Luke Joseph Scarpa (October 4, 1928 -- April 3, 2012) was an American professional wrestler who was best known by the ring name Chief Jay Strongbow.	Chief Jay Strongbow	professional wrestler
occupation	Leon Drolet (born January 9, 1967) is a Michigan Republican politician and political activist known for his libertarian views.	Leon Drolet	politician
occupation	Clayton Worbeck is a Canadian multi-instrumentalist, producer, engineer and remixer.	Clayton Worbeck	engineer
occupation	Joan Whitney Kramer (June 26, 1914 -- July 12, 1990) was an American singer and songwriter.	Joan Whitney Kramer	singer and songwriter
occupation	Jamie Allan (born c. 1860) was a Scottish professional golfer who played in the late 19th century.	Jamie Allan	golfer
occupation	Gregorio Soriano Araneta (April 19, 1869 -- May 9, 1930), also known as Don Gregorio S. Araneta, was a Filipino lawyer, businessman, nationalist and patriot, during the Spanish and American colonial periods.	Gregorio S. Araneta	lawyer
occupation	Paula Barbieri (born December 31, 1966) is an American former model and actress.	Paula Barbieri	model
occupation	Huang Lung-yi (simplified Chinese: 黄龙义; traditional Chinese: 黃龍義; born June 20, 1979) is a Taiwanese baseball player for the La New Bears.	Huang Lung-yi	baseball player
occupation	Tami Gaines is an accomplished author, marketing and business strategist, and motivational speaker and trainer.	Tami Gaines	motivational speaker
occupation	Juan Manuel Suárez Fernández (July 11, 1962 -- October 9, 1992) also known by Juanma Suárez was a Spanish punk rock bassist and singer, founder and member of one of the most influential Spanish punk rock band Eskorbuto, since 1980 to 1992.	Juanma Suárez	singer
occupation	Jürgen W. Gansel, (born July 6, 1974) is a German politician.	Jürgen W. Gansel	politician
occupation	Terence Gaffney (born 9 March 1948) is an American mathematician who has made fundamental contributions to singularity theory -- in particular, to the fields of singularities of maps and equisingularity theory.	Terence Gaffney	mathematician
occupation	Ola Ray (born August 26, 1960) is an American model and actress most notable for her role in Michael Jackson's Thriller as Michael's girlfriend.	Ola Ray	model
occupation	Sarwar Munir Rao is a Pakistani television news journalist, columnist, TV analyst and a media consultant.	Sarwar Munir Rao	journalist
occupation	Tomasi Vuetilovoni, commonly known as Tom Vuetilovoni, is a former Fijian politician, who was Minister for Tourism and Transport in 2006, following the parliamentary election held on 6--13 May that year.	Tomasi Vuetilovoni	politician
occupation	Tamara Bernier Evans (born Tamara Michele Bernier) is a Canadian actress, director, singer, writer and producer.	Tamara Bernier Evans	singer	writer
occupation	Maria Luisa Tucker (born August 20, 1979) is an award-winning American journalist.	Maria Luisa Tucker	journalist
occupation	Lewis H. Nash (1852 -- November 11, 1923) was an American engineer who invented the liquid-ring-vacuum pump, and was the holder of over a hundred United States patents for pumps, engines, and other equipment.	Lewis H. Nash	engineer
occupation	Russell Scott (June 30, 1921 -- August 27, 2012), also known as Blinky the Clown, was an American clown and television personality and presenter who starred in a Denver, Colorado television program called Blinky's Fun Club.	Russell Scott	clown
occupation	``Kelvin'' Leong Ian Veng (born 12 September 1968) also known as Kelvin Leong is a Macanese racing driver previously competing in the Macau Touring Car Championship and the World Touring Car Championship, where he made his debut in 2012.	Leong Ian Veng	racing driver
occupation	Z. Vanessa Helder (May 30, 1904 -- May 1, 1968) was an American watercolor painter who gained national attention in the 1930s and 40s, mainly for her paintings of scenes in Eastern Washington.	Z. Vanessa Helder	painter
occupation	Debra Cowan is a singer based in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts.	Debra Cowan	singer
occupation	Anton Vidokle is an artist and founder of e-flux.	Anton Vidokle	artist
occupation	William Mahone (December 1, 1826 -- October 8, 1895) was a civil engineer, railroad executive, soldier and politician.	William Mahone	politician
occupation	Hans Domnick (1909--1985) was a German film editor, film producer and documentary maker.	Hans Domnick	film producer
occupation	Isabel Cuchí Coll (March 28, 1904 -- December 22, 1993) was a journalist, author and the Director of the ``Sociedad de Autores Puertorriqueños'' (Society of Puerto Rican Authors).	Isabel Cuchí Coll	journalist
occupation	Alton Gansky is an American novelist in the Christian fiction genre.	Alton Gansky	novelist
occupation	Prudencio Baldivia (May 7, 1929 -- October 11, 1997), better known as Dencio Padilla or Tata Dens, was a veteran Filipino actor and comedian.	Dencio Padilla	comedian
occupation	Tommy Lorne (December 7, 1890 -- April 17, 1935) was a Scottish music hall comedian of the 1920s.	Tommy Lorne	comedian
occupation	Joel Rafael is an American singer-songwriter and folk musician from San Diego County, California.	Joel Rafael	singer-songwriter
occupation	Herbert Grossman (September 30, 1926 -- September 11, 2010) was an American conductor who was chiefly known for his work within opera and musical theatre.	Herbert Grossman	conductor
occupation	Uwe Windhorst (Prof. Dr. Uwe Windhorst) is a German neuroscientist, systems scientist and cyberneticist,who was born in Bremen, Germany in 1946.	Uwe Windhorst	neuroscientist
occupation	Morley Baer (April 5, 1916 -- November 9, 1995) was an American photographer and teacher, born in Toledo, Ohio.	Morley Baer	photographer
occupation	Lewis R. Foster (August 5, 1898 -- June 10, 1974) was an American screenwriter, film/television director, and film/television producer.	Lewis R. Foster	screenwriter
occupation	Darren McGavin (May 7, 1922 -- February 25, 2006) was an American actor best known for his portrayal of the grumpy but loving father in the film A Christmas Story, and for the title role in the television horror series Kolchak:	Darren McGavin	actor
occupation	André Hallet (1890--1959) was a Belgian post-impressionist painter whose paintings have been exhibited at more than 60 museums worldwide, including the Louvre in Paris, France.	André Hallet	painter
occupation	Beverly Lynn Bennett is an American vegan chef and author.	Beverly Lynn Bennett	chef
occupation	Jerome Clark (born November 27, 1946) is an American researcher and writer, specializing in unidentified flying objects and other paranormal subjects.	Jerome Clark	writer
occupation	Lauren Worsham (born April 4, 1982) is an American actress and singer known for her work in the opera and musical theatre.	Lauren Worsham	singer
occupation	Jim Fenwick (born 11 October 1934) is a former Australian photojournalist most well known for being a Walkley Award recipient and former chief photographer for The Courier Mail.	Jim Fenwick	photojournalist	photographer
occupation	Pat Cashman (born September 16, 1950) is an American comedian and television and radio personality, based in the Seattle metropolitan area.	Pat Cashman	comedian
occupation	In March 1999, Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker created, together with Rosas dancer Cynthia Loemij and Jolente De Keersmaeker and Frank Vercruyssen from the theatre company STAN, Quartett; a dance-theatre performance based on the text by Heiner Müller.	Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker	dancer
occupation	Wayne Delmenico (born 21 August 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL) and South Fremantle in the West Australian Football League (WAFL).	Wayne Delmenico	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Patricia Cornelius is an Australian playwright and co-founder of Melbourne Workers Theatre.	Patricia Cornelius	playwright
occupation	Kip Anderson (January 24, 1938 -- August 29, 2007) was an American soul blues and R&B singer and songwriter.	Kip Anderson	singer
occupation	Kenzo Mori (Japanese: 森研三, 1914 -- January 5, 2007) was an Nisei Japanese-Canadian journalist, writer, editor and publisher of the New Canadian, an English-language newspaper aimed at second- and third-generation Japanese Canadians.	Kenzo Mori	journalist
occupation	Fran Landesman (October 21, 1927 -- July 23, 2011) was an American lyricist and poet.	Fran Landesman	poet
occupation	Lillian Faderman (born July 18, 1940) is an American historian whose books on lesbian history and LGBT history have earned critical praise and awards.	Lillian Faderman	historian
occupation	Arlene Perly Rae is a Canadian journalist, literary critic and author.	Arlene Perly Rae	journalist
occupation	Peter Salem (c. 1750--August 16, 1816) was an African American from Massachusetts who served as a soldier in the American Revolutionary War.	Peter Salem	soldier
occupation	Princess Baba Jigida is a Sierra Leonean politician.	Baba Jigida	politician
occupation	Jolene Blalock (born March 5, 1975) is an American film and television actress and model, best known for playing the Vulcan T'Pol on the UPN science fiction series Star Trek:	Jolene Blalock	model
occupation	Alfonso Teofilo Brown (1902--1951), better known as Panama Al Brown, was a bantamweight boxer from Panama who made history by becoming boxing's first Hispanic world champion.	Panama Al Brown	boxer
occupation	Antonio Zarro (born August 17, 1961) is an Italian-American screenwriter, director and actor.	Antonio Zarro	actor
occupation	Svetislav Mandić (Serbian Cyrillic: Светислав Мандић; March 8, 1921 -- October 4, 2003) was a Yugoslav and Serbian historian, copier, fresco conserver, poet and painter.	Svetislav Mandić	historian	painter
occupation	Kirk J. Schneider, PhD is a psychologist and psychotherapist who has taken a leading role in the advancement of existential-humanistic therapy, and existential-integrative therapy.	Kirk J. Schneider	psychologist
occupation	Josh Bernstein (born February 24, 1971) is an American explorer, author, survival expert, anthropologist, and TV host best known as the host of Digging for the Truth.	Josh Bernstein	explorer	anthropologist
occupation	Harry Sidebottom is a British author and historian, best known for his fiction series Warrior of Rome.	Harry Sidebottom	historian
occupation	Rob Massam (born 29 October 1987) is an English-born, Welsh international rugby league player who currently plays for the North Wales Crusaders.	Rob Massam	rugby league player
occupation	John Mosher Bailey (August 24, 1838 -- February 21, 1916) was an American politician who represented New York in the United States House of Representatives from 1878-1881.	John Mosher Bailey	politician
occupation	Horsley was the first neurosurgeon appointed to the hospital in Queen Square, London, now called the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery -- the Victor Horsley Department of Neurosurgery is named in his honour.	Victor Horsley	neurosurgeon
occupation	Mel Jason Smalls (born January 4, 1979), better known by his stage name Drag-On, is an American hip hop recording artist and actor from the Bronx borough of New York City.	Drag-On	actor
occupation	Enock Ondego is a prominent Kenyan songwriter, singer, author nationalist,founder of The Mwakigwena Choir Group and most notable for his biography, The Life Of Mzee Ondego, published by the Kwani trust, and his two songs:	Enock Ondego	songwriter
occupation	Wang Cheng-teng (Chinese: 王政騰; pinyin: Wáng Zhèngténg) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Wang Cheng-teng	politician
occupation	Alvin Lucier (born May 14, 1931) is an American composer of experimental music and sound installations that explore acoustic phenomena and auditory perception.	Alvin Lucier	composer
occupation	John C. Koch (October 18, 1841 -- September 9, 1907) was a Republican politician who served two terms as mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.	John C. Koch	politician
occupation	MG Srinivas (Bangalore) is an Indian film director and screenwriter in Kannada cinema.	MG Srinivas	film director
occupation	Chad Lamont Butler (December 29, 1973 -- December 4, 2007), better known by his stage name Pimp C, was a rapper, singer, and producer.	Pimp C	rapper	singer
occupation	Neta Snook Southern (February 14, 1896 -- March 23, 1991) was a pioneer aviator who achieved a long list of firsts.	Neta Snook	aviator
occupation	František Záviška (November 18, 1879 -- April 17, 1945) was a renowned Czech physicist.	František Záviška	physicist
occupation	Craig Wolff is an American journalist and author and a former sports, feature, and news writer for The New York Times.	Craig Wolff	journalist
occupation	Niall Gilligan (born 12 August 1976) was an Irish hurler who usually played as a right corner-forward for the Clare senior team.	Niall Gilligan	hurler
occupation	A well-known Somali poet Abdullahi Moalin Ahmed ``Dhoodaan'' died at age of 72 in the city of Harar.	Dhoodaan	poet
occupation	Isidoro Ocampo was both a graphic artist and painter but was best known for his graphic work.	Isidoro Ocampo	painter
occupation	Archeanassa or Archaeanassa (Greek Ἀρχεάνασσα, Ἀρχαιάνασσα), a native of Colophon, was a hetaera or courtesan living in Athens in the late 5th century BC. According to biographical sources about Plato, the philosopher as a young man was deeply in love with Archeanassa and addressed a four-line epigram to her.	Archeanassa	hetaera
occupation	Lise Bissonnette, OQ (born December 13, 1945) is a Canadian writer and journalist.	Lise Bissonnette	writer	journalist
occupation	David Dortort (October 23, 1916 -- September 5, 2010), was a Hollywood screenwriter and producer, widely known for his role as producer in two successful NBC television series:	David Dortort	screenwriter
occupation	Jeremy Laing is fashion designer based in Toronto, Canada who launched his eponymous brand in 2005.	Jeremy Laing	fashion designer
occupation	Waldo Colburn (November 13, 1824 -- September 26, 1885) was an American lawyer, jurist and politician from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.	Waldo Colburn	lawyer	politician
occupation	Alexei Sultanov (Russian: Алексей Султанов; August 7, 1969 -- June 30, 2005) was a Russian classical pianist of Uzbek origin.	Alexei Sultanov	pianist
occupation	Norman Jaques (June 29, 1880 -- January 31, 1949) was a farmer and a Canadian federal politician who represented the electoral district of Wetaskiwin in the Canadian House of Commons from 1935 to 1949.	Norman Jaques	politician
occupation	Winston Miller (June 22, 1910 -- June 21, 1994) was an American screenwriter, film producer and actor.	Winston Miller	screenwriter	actor
occupation	He Min (Chinese: 何敏, born August 16, 1992) is a Chinese diver who specialises in the 1 metre springboard event.	He Min	diver
occupation	Onufriy Stepanov (Russian: Онуфрий Степанов) (died June 30, 1658) was a Siberian Cossack and explorer of the Amur River.	Onufriy Stepanov	explorer
occupation	Delaney Gibson is an American singer-songwriter who has recorded three solo albums, The Worst Kind of Way, Hurricanes and Forget Me Nots and Tall Like the Tree.	Delaney Gibson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Jonathan Cherry is a Canadian actor known for playing Rory Peters in Final Destination 2 (2003) and also had a lead role in the video game film adaptation House of the Dead.	Jonathan Cherry	actor
occupation	Carnie Wilson (born April 29, 1968) is an American singer and television host, perhaps best known as a member of the pop music group Wilson Phillips.	Carnie Wilson	singer
occupation	Louis Philippe Demers (September 16, 1863 -- November 3, 1951) was a Canadian lawyer, professor, and politician.	Louis Philippe Demers	politician
occupation	Regna Darnell is a Canadian anthropologist known for her linguistic anthropological fieldwork with the Plains Cree of northern Alberta and with southwestern Ontario First Nations peoples as well as for her scholarship on the history of anthropology.	Regna Darnell	anthropologist
occupation	Georgi Georgiev-Gogo (Bulgarian: Георги Георгиев-Гого) (born November 5, 1971) is a Bulgarian actor.	Georgi Georgiev-Gogo	actor
occupation	William J. Mann is an American novelist, biographer, and Hollywood historian best known for his studies of Hollywood and the American film industry, especially his 2006 biography of Katharine Hepburn, Kate:	William J. Mann	historian
occupation	Rubén Rada (born 17 July 1943); moniker ``El Negro Rada'') is an Afro-Uruguayan percussionist, composer and singer.	Rubén Rada	singer
occupation	Meng Xuenong (simplified Chinese: 孟学农; traditional Chinese: 孟學農; pinyin: Mèng Xuénóng; born August 1949) is a Chinese politician.	Meng Xuenong	politician
occupation	Larry Fuller is an American choreographer, theatre director, dancer, and actor.	Larry Fuller	choreographer	dancer
occupation	James Kari is a linguist and Professor Emeritus with the Alaska Native Language Center at the University of Alaska Fairbanks (UAF) specializing in the Dene or Athabascan languages of Alaska.	James Kari	linguist
occupation	Santana Garrett (born May 22, 1988) is an American model, professional wrestler and valet.	Santana Garrett	model	professional wrestler
occupation	William Conant Church (1836--1917) was an American journalist and soldier.	William Conant Church	journalist
occupation	Daniel Josefsson (born October 15, 1981) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player currently playing with AIK of the Swedish Elitserien (SEL) league, having signed from the Malmö Redhawks in 2012.	Daniel Josefsson	ice hockey player
occupation	George Stanfield Blake (1876--1940) was a British mineral and mining geologist, fluent in French, Italian, German and latterly his family understood Palestinian Arabic/Levantine Arabic, which aided his later survey work.	George Stanfield Blake	geologist
occupation	Brian Vollmer (born June 30, 1955) is the lead singer and only remaining original member of Canadian hard rock group Helix.	Brian Vollmer	singer
occupation	Gino Antonio (Jack Badon in real life) was a former Filipino actor.	Gino Antonio	actor
occupation	Anders Lindström or Boba Fett as he is often called is a Swedish rock musician most known for being the organist and pianist of the Swedish rock band The Hellacopters and co founder and guitarist of The Diamond Dogs.	Anders Lindström	pianist
occupation	Howard Drossin (born October 2, 1970) is an American composer for film and video games.	Howard Drossin	composer
occupation	Pasi Kinturi is a retired Finnish association football player who played professionally in the USL A-League.	Pasi Kinturi	association football player
occupation	Ronald E. Neumann (born 1945) is an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador to Afghanistan (2005--2007), Bahrain (2001--2004) and Algeria (1994--1997).	Ronald E. Neumann	diplomat
occupation	Matthew Ziff (born March 24, 1991, Englewood, New Jersey) is an American actor and producer.	Matthew Ziff	actor
occupation	János Terbócs or Terbocs (Slovene: Janoš Terboč, or Ivan Terboč) was a Slovene Lutheran priest, dean and writer in the 17th century in the Slovene Circumscription (Kingdom of Hungary).	János Terbócs	priest
occupation	Thomas Wanker, also known as Thomas Wander, is a film and television series composer.	Thomas Wanker	composer
occupation	Tae Jin-ah (Hangul: 태진아; born on April 5, 1953) is the stage name of South Korean veteran trot singer Jo Bang-hun (Cho Bang-hun).	Tae Jin-ah	singer
occupation	Nóra Görbe (born September 3, 1956) is a Hungarian pop singer and actress.	Nóra Görbe	singer
occupation	Lamjavyn Gündalai (Mongolian: Ламжавын Гүндалай) is a Mongolian politician.	Lamjavyn Gündalai	politician
occupation	Ahmad Reza Asghari, (also spelled Hamid Reza Eshagi, and also known as Moshen Randjbaran), was an Iranian diplomat accused of organizing terrorist acts in Argentina.	Ahmad Reza Asghari	diplomat
occupation	Matthias Dahms (born October 17, 1961) is a German virtuoso vibraphone and marimba soloist, percussionist and composer.	Matthias Dahms	composer
occupation	Anna Funder trained as an international and human rights lawyer, interests which she continues to pursue in her professional and public life as a writer.	Anna Funder	writer
occupation	Aonghus Fionn Ó Dálaigh (known as ``The Pious''), was an Irish poet, fl.	Aonghus Fionn Ó Dálaigh	poet
occupation	Aslıhan Koruyan Sabancı, née Dilek Aslıhan Koruyan (born c. 1972), is a Turkish chef and author, who specializes in healthy and creative recipes.	Aslıhan Koruyan Sabancı	chef
occupation	Billy Lawrence (born May 3, 1972, in Boca Raton, FL) is an American R&B/soul singer-songwriter, record producer and arranger.	Billy Lawrence	singer-songwriter	record producer
occupation	The founder, Anine Bing, is also a blogger as well as a former model and singer.	Anine Bing	model
occupation	J.-Eugène Bissonnette (March 4, 1892 -- September 13, 1980) was a Quebec-born politician and physician.	J.-Eugène Bissonnette	politician
occupation	Hannibal Buress (born February 4, 1983) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, and television writer.	Hannibal Buress	comedian	actor	writer
occupation	Jan Paweł Nowacki (25 June 1905 Berlin -- 23 May 1979 Warsaw ) was an engineer.	Jan Paweł Nowacki	engineer
occupation	Jason Marcy is a cartoonist living in Hamilton, Ontario who works primarily in the field of autobiographical comics.	Jason Marcy	cartoonist
occupation	Paul O. Williams (January 17, 1935 -- June 2, 2009) was an American science fiction writer and haiku poet.	Paul O. Williams	writer
occupation	Marc Copland (born May 27, 1948, as Marc Cohen) is an American jazz pianist and composer.	Marc Copland	pianist
occupation	John Bleifer, also known as John Melvin Bleifer, was an American actor whose career began at the very tail end of the silent film era, and lasted all the way through the mid-1980s.	John Bleifer	actor
occupation	Thomas Pinckney (October 23, 1750 -- November 2, 1828) was an early American statesman, diplomat and veteran of both the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812.	Thomas Pinckney	diplomat
occupation	Dr Guy Dutson is a British-born veterinarian, ornithologist and a leader of birding tours, who is a world authority on the birds of the south-west Pacific region.	Guy Dutson	ornithologist
occupation	Jory Nash is a folk music-oriented Canadian singer-songwriter and musician.	Jory Nash	singer
occupation	William John Gies (February 21, 1872 -- May 20, 1956) was a US biochemist and dentist.	William John Gies	biochemist	dentist
occupation	Nydia Caro (born June 7, 1948) is a Puerto Rican singer born in Puerto Rico's community in New York City.	Nydia Caro	singer
occupation	Vaibhav Kaul (born 1991) is a Himalayan photographer, painter, geographer and environmental scholar.	Vaibhav Kaul	geographer
occupation	Frank Hudec was a drummer who was part of the Stan Seltzer Trio.	Frank Hudec	drummer
occupation	Hobart Henley (born Hess Manassah Henle, November 23, 1887 - May 22, 1964) was an American silent film actor, director, and screenwriter.	Hobart Henley	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Ra Vincent is a New Zealand set decorator and art director who was nominated at the 85th Academy Awards for Best Production Design for his work on The Hobbit:	Ra Vincent	art director
occupation	Andrew Quinn (born 25 May 1983) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner-forward for the Clare senior hurling team.	Andrew Quinn	hurler
occupation	Ralph Helmick (born 1952) is an American sculptor and public artist.	Ralph Helmick	sculptor
occupation	John Donowell was a little-known, eighteenth-century British architect and engraver, most notable for his architectural work at West Wycombe Park in Buckinghamshire, where he appears to have been influenced by the works of Colen Campbell.	John Donowell	architect	engraver
occupation	Ciro Díaz is composer, lead guitarist of the band Porno para Ricardo, and leader of the alternative rock band La Babosa Azul.	Ciro Díaz	composer
occupation	Xavier De Cuyper is a Belgian agricultural engineer and civil servant.	Xavier De Cuyper	engineer
occupation	Simon Wilde (born 1960) is an English cricket journalist and author.	Simon Wilde	journalist
occupation	Carol Cassella is a bestselling novelist and practicing anesthesiologist at the Surgery Center of Silverdale and Virginia Mason Medical Center in Seattle.	Carol Cassella	novelist
occupation	José Vicente Ferrer de Otero y Cintrón (January 8, 1912 -- January 26, 1992), best known as José Ferrer, was a Puerto Rican actor, theatre and film director.	José Ferrer	actor
occupation	Pedro Nunes Tinoco (died February 8, 1641) was a Portuguese architect who worked in what George Kubler described as the 'Plain Style', and is known also as the patriarch of a number of a family of notable Portuguese architects.	Pedro Nunes Tinoco	architect
occupation	David Aaron Baker (born August 14, 1963) is an American actor whose credits stretch across theater, film, and television.	David Aaron Baker	actor
occupation	Pedro Carneiro is a Portuguese solo classical percussionist, marimba player, composer, and conductor.	Pedro Carneiro	composer
occupation	Andriy Yahodka (Ukrainian: Андрiй Ягодка; born 6 July 1988) is a Ukrainian sabre fencer, bronze medal in the 2012 European Fencing Championships and team silver medal in the 2009 European Fencing Championships.	Andriy Yahodka	fencer
occupation	Lucien Campeau (June 20, 1927 -- March 15, 2010) was a Canadian cardiologist.	Lucien Campeau	cardiologist
occupation	Joseph Arvay, QC (born March 18, 1949) is a Canadian lawyer who has argued numerous landmark cases involving civil liberties and constitutional rights.	Joseph Arvay	lawyer
occupation	Dr Penelope Diane Olsen is an Australian ornithologist and author.	Penelope Diane Olsen	ornithologist
occupation	Moses Macdonald (April 8, 1815 -- October 18, 1869) was an American attorney and Democratic politician in the U.S. state of Maine.	Moses Macdonald	politician
occupation	Scott Jacobs is an American painter known for his photorealistic work of Harley-Davidson motorcycles.	Scott Jacobs	painter
occupation	Isaac Don Levine (January 19, 1892 -- February 15, 1981) was a Russian-born American journalist and writer.	Isaac Don Levine	journalist	writer
occupation	Ichthyas (Greek: Ἰχθύας; fl. 4th-century BCE), the son of Metallus, was a Greek philosopher and a disciple and successor of Euclid of Megara in the Megarian school.	Ichthyas	philosopher
occupation	Julie Markes is an American children's book writer.	Julie Markes	writer
occupation	George Washington Warren (October 1, 1813 -- May 13, 1883) was a Massachusetts attorney, jurist, and politician who served as the first mayor of Charlestown, Massachusetts.	George Washington Warren	politician
occupation	Ann Rosener (November 25, 1914 -- May 19, 2012) was an American photojournalist who is remembered for her photographs of home front activities for the Farm Security Administration in 1942--43.	Ann Rosener	photojournalist
occupation	Kat Parsons is an American pop singer-songwriter, pianist and guitarist.	Kat Parsons	singer-songwriter
occupation	Lewis Hodous (simplified Chinese: 何乐益; traditional Chinese: 何樂益; Pinyin: Hé Lèyì; Foochow Romanized: Hò̤ Lŏk-ék; December 31, 1872 -- August 9, 1949) was an American Board missionary to China, educator, Sinologist and Buddhologist.	Lewis Hodous	missionary
occupation	Frank Caeti (born August 11, 1973) is an American actor and comedian known for his time as a cast member on the FOX sketch-series MADtv from 2005 to 2007.	Frank Caeti	actor
occupation	Jenny Hiloudaki (Greek: Τζένη Χειλουδάκη) (born February 21, 1968) is a transsexual Greek former model and brothel keeper who regularly attracted the attention of the Greek media.	Jenny Hiloudaki	model
occupation	Phil Williamson (born May 29, 1965) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who competed for Antigua and Barbuda in the Davis Cup.	Phil Williamson	tennis player
occupation	Lenny Welch (born Leon Welch, May 31, 1938), is an American MOR/pop singer.	Lenny Welch	singer
occupation	Eileen Barton (November 24, 1924 -- June 27, 2006) was an American singer best known for her 1950 hit song, ``If I Knew You Were Comin' I'd've Baked a Cake.''	Eileen Barton	singer
occupation	Joan Oates, FBA (née Lines) is an American archaeologist and academic, specialising in the Ancient Near East.	Joan Oates	archaeologist
occupation	Edward Kofler (November 16, 1911 -- April 22, 2007) was a mathematician who made important contributions to game theory and fuzzy logic by working out the theory of linear partial information.	Edward Kofler	mathematician
occupation	Bruno Landry is a Québécois comedian and humorist.	Bruno Landry	comedian
occupation	Louis Mellis is a Scottish actor and screenwriter.	Louis Mellis	actor	screenwriter
occupation	Satya Sarkar was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.	Satya Sarkar	cricketer
occupation	Morris Mike Medavoy (born January 21, 1941) is an American film producer and executive, co-founder of Orion Pictures (1978), former chairman of TriStar Pictures, former head of production for United Artists (1974--1978) and current chairman and CEO of Phoenix Pictures.	Mike Medavoy	film producer
occupation	Junko Itō is a Japanese-born American linguist.	Junko Itō	linguist
occupation	Charlotte Anne Eaton (1788--1859), surname before marriage Waldie, was an English travel writer, memoirist and novelist.	Charlotte Anne Eaton	writer	novelist
occupation	Xie Sun (Hsieh Sun, traditional: 謝蓀, simplified: 谢荪); was a Chinese landscape painter during the Qing Dynasty (1644--1912 AD), one of the Eight Masters of Nanjing.	Xie Sun	painter
occupation	Roberto Azank is an artist of the late 20th century and early 21st century, known primarily for his work as a still life painter.	Roberto Azank	painter
occupation	Liang Shih-chiu (January 6, 1903 -- November 3, 1987), also romanized as Liang Shiqiu, and also known as Liang Chih-Hwa(梁治華), was a renowned educator, writer, translator, literary theorist and lexicographer.	Liang Shih-chiu	writer
occupation	Biswamohan Pani is a former design engineer at Intel.	Biswamohan Pani	engineer
occupation	Thomas Morrow Reavley (born June 21, 1921) is a senior judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.	Thomas Morrow Reavley	judge
occupation	Robert Bertelli, better known as Bob Bert, is an American rock drummer.	Bob Bert	drummer
occupation	Peter Corp Dyrendal is a Thai-Danish singer, recording artist and model, who has had one acting role on Thai television (as a character who is a kayak instructor of Thai/New Zealand descent).	Peter Corp Dyrendal	singer
occupation	Garett Bischoff (born April 20, 1986) is an American professional wrestler and a former referee.	Garett Bischoff	professional wrestler
occupation	James Lipton (born September 19, 1926) is an American writer, lyricist, actor and dean emeritus of the Actors Studio Drama School at Pace University in New York City.	James Lipton	writer	actor
occupation	Eric M. Genden is an American otolaryngologist with the distinction of being the first surgeon to perform a jaw transplant in the United States.	Eric M. Genden	surgeon
occupation	Martin Brain was a British racing driver known for his exploits in British hillclimbs and club racing.	Martin Brain	racing driver
occupation	John H. Stracey (born September 22, 1950 in Bethnal Green, England) is a former professional boxer who was world Welterweight champion.	John H. Stracey	boxer
occupation	Before emigration, Alfred Waud had entered the Government School of Design at Somerset House, London, with the intention of becoming a marine painter.	Alfred Waud	painter
occupation	Robert Whiting (born October 24, 1942) is a best-selling author and journalist who has written several successful books on contemporary Japanese culture - which include topics such as baseball and American gangsters operating in Japan.	Robert Whiting	journalist
occupation	David Sington is a British-born producer, screenwriter, director, author and journalist.	David Sington	screenwriter
occupation	Jerzy Kowalewski (born 6 May 1944) is a retired Polish diver.	Jerzy Kowalewski	diver
occupation	Sandra Crouch (born July 1, 1942) is an American Gospel music performer, drummer and songwriter.	Sandra Crouch	songwriter
occupation	John Preston Buchanan (January 30, 1888 -- September 15, 1937) was an American politician who served as a member of the Virginia Senate, representing the state's 1st district.	John Preston Buchanan	politician
occupation	Fiona Samuel (born 1961) is a New Zealand writer, actor and director who was born in Scotland.	Fiona Samuel	actor
occupation	Christopher Uriarte (born 1977) is an American computer scientist and entrepreneur employed by the London-based fraud prevention and payment processing company, Retail Decisions.	Christopher Uriarte	computer scientist	entrepreneur
occupation	Ben Sollee (born November 28, 1983) is an American cellist, singer-songwriter, and composer known for his political activism.	Ben Sollee	cellist	singer
occupation	Muhammad Ali Luqman was a Yemeni lawyer, writer and journalist.	Muhammad Ali Luqman	journalist
occupation	Erik Guldentops (born ca. 1941) is a Belgian computer scientist and management consultant, who was systems engineer at SWIFT and Executive Professor at Antwerp Management School, known for his work on IT governance.	Erik Guldentops	computer scientist	engineer
occupation	J. Edward Day (October 11, 1914 -- October 29, 1996) was an American lawyer and business executive, most widely known as the United States Postmaster General under whose leadership the ZIP code was introduced.	J. Edward Day	lawyer
occupation	Thomas Jonathan Burrill (April 25, 1839 -- April 14, 1916) was an American botanist and plant pathologist who first discovered bacterial causes for plant disease.	Thomas Jonathan Burrill	botanist
occupation	Jayne Cortez (May 10, 1934 -- December 28, 2012) was an African-American poet, activist, small press publisher and spoken-word performance artist whose voice is celebrated for its political, surrealistic and dynamic innovations in lyricism and visceral sound.	Jayne Cortez	poet
occupation	Andoni Lafuente Olaguibel (born September 6, 1985 in Guernica, Basque Country) is a Spanish professional road and track bicycle racer.	Andoni Lafuente	bicycle racer
occupation	Mohammad Kaykobad (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ কায়কোবাদ) is a computer scientist, educator, author, and columnist from Bangladesh.	Mohammad Kaykobad	computer scientist
occupation	Saul Hertz, M.D. (April 20, 1905 -- July 28, 1950) was an American physician who discovered the use of radioactive iodine for the treatment of thyroid disease.	Saul Hertz	physician
occupation	Anhayla Rene Stanley (born May 24, 1988), better known by her stage name Anhayla (/ˈɑːnˈheɪlɑː/ ahn-HAY-lah), is an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist.	Anhayla	singer	songwriter	guitarist
occupation	Lila Azam Zanganeh is a writer raised in Paris, France, by exiled Iranian parents.	Lila Azam Zanganeh	writer
occupation	Altus Theart is a South African film, stage and television actor, best known for his roles in the South African soap opera Kruispad, and for his starring role in the 2008 Afrikaans teen comedy Bakgat.	Altus Theart	actor
occupation	Brenda Ueland (October 24, 1891 -- March 5, 1985) was a journalist, editor, freelance writer, and teacher of writing.	Brenda Ueland	journalist
occupation	Rory Calhoun (August 8, 1922 -- April 28, 1999) was an American television and film actor, screenwriter, and producer.	Rory Calhoun	actor
occupation	Howell Appling, Jr. (September 5, 1919 -- October 16, 2002) was an American Republican politician and businessman in the U.S. state of Oregon	Howell Appling, Jr.	politician
occupation	Shekhar Joshi (born September, 1939) is a Hindi author, who is also known for his insight into the culture, traditions and lifestyles of people of Uttarakhand.	Shekhar Joshi	author
occupation	Michelle Zonato Nicolini or Michelle Nicolini (born January 5, 1982) is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu practitioner and mixed martial artist.	Michelle Nicolini	mixed martial artist
occupation	Lam Hin Chung (Chinese: 林衍聰; Jyutping: lam4 hin2 cung1) is a Hong Kong fencer.	Lam Hin Chung	fencer
occupation	Daniel Alexander Cameron (December 10, 1870 -- September 4, 1937) was a Canadian politician from the province of Nova Scotia.	Daniel Alexander Cameron	politician
occupation	William Bender (May 30, 1930 -- May 4, 2014) was an American music critic who reviewed for the American Record Guide.	William Bender	music critic
occupation	John J. McNeill (September 2, 1925 -- September 22, 2015) was ordained as a Jesuit priest in 1959 and subsequently worked as a psychotherapist and an academic theologian, with a particular reputation within the field of Queer Theology.	John J. McNeill	psychotherapist	theologian
occupation	George Roscoe Davis was a Washington, DC lawyer.	George Roscoe Davis	lawyer
occupation	Mohd Zabri Abdul Hamid was a police officer most remembered as a member of the deep 69 Commandos of the Pasukan Gerakan Khas.	Mohd Zabri Abdul Hamid	police officer
occupation	István Szabó (born February 18, 1938) is a Hungarian film director, screenwriter, and opera director.	István Szabó	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Rex Weyler (born September 10, 1947) is an American / Canadian author, journalist and ecologist.	Rex Weyler	author	journalist
occupation	Diane Keaton (born Diane Hall; January 5, 1946) is an American film actress, director, producer and screenwriter.	Diane Keaton	screenwriter
occupation	Laurence Gronlund (1846 - 1899) was a Danish-born American lawyer, writer, lecturer, and political activist.	Laurence Gronlund	lawyer
occupation	Zoriah Miller (born January 27, 1976), or simply Zoriah, is an American photojournalist and war photographer.	Zoriah Miller	photojournalist	war photographer
occupation	John Alan Glennon (born September 24, 1970) is an American geographer and explorer.	John Alan Glennon	geographer	explorer
occupation	Dieter Enders (born 1946) is an organic chemist who has done work developing asymmetric synthesis, in particular using modified prolines as asymmetric auxiliaries.	Dieter Enders	chemist
occupation	Millie Kirkham (born Mildred Eakes; June 24, 1923 -- December 14, 2014) was an American singer who was featured on many classic hit recordings from the mid-1950s through the 1980s.	Millie Kirkham	singer
occupation	Ariana Grande-Butera (born June 26, 1993), known professionally as Ariana Grande (/ˌɑːriːˈɑːnə ˈɡrɑːndeɪ/), is an American singer and actress.	Ariana Grande	singer
occupation	Chris Landreth (born August 4, 1961) is an American animator working in Canada, best known for his work on the 2004 film, Ryan.	Chris Landreth	animator
occupation	Marsha M. Linehan (born May 5, 1943) is an American psychologist and author.	Marsha M. Linehan	psychologist
occupation	Bernt Berntsen (Chinese: 賁德新, January 1, 1863 -- October 16, 1933), also known as Brother B. Berntsen, was a Norwegian-American Protestant Christian missionary to China.	Bernt Berntsen	missionary
occupation	Eric Bercovici (February 27, 1933 -- February 9, 2014) was an American television/film producer and screenwriter.	Eric Bercovici	screenwriter
occupation	Zeynel Doğan (pronounced (zejnel doɣɑn)), Kurdish actor and film director.	Zeynel Doğan	actor	film director
occupation	Esteban Mellino (March 13, 1945 -- June 9, 2008) was an Argentine actor best known for portraying the comical character Professor Diogenes Lambetain in the television series Badia y Cia, Fashion VIP and El humor de Cafe Fashion.	Esteban Mellino	actor
occupation	Farrell Dobbs (July 25, 1907 -- October 31, 1983) was an American Trotskyist, trade unionist, politician, and historian.	Farrell Dobbs	historian
occupation	John C. Mongan (born April 17, 1925) is an American politician who was the 42nd and 44th mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire, first from 1962 until 1963 and again from 1968 until 1969.	John C. Mongan	politician
occupation	S. S. Rajamouli (born Koduri Srisaila Sri Rajamouli) is an Indian film director, and screenwriter known for his works mainly in Telugu cinema.	S. S. Rajamouli	film director
occupation	Christopher Robillard Mordetzky (born January 8, 1983) is an American professional wrestler best known by his ring name Chris Masters.	Chris Masters	professional wrestler
occupation	Carlota Alfaro (born June 4, 1933) is a high fashion designer from Puerto Rico.	Carlota Alfaro	fashion designer
occupation	Esther Allan (née Boyarsky; April 28, 1914 -- July 21, 1985) was an American composer, pianist and organist.	Esther Allan	composer
occupation	Ayodele Basel, better known as Del B, is a Nigerian sound engineer, record producer and songwriter.	Del B	record producer
occupation	Paul Hitch Roney (September 5, 1921 -- September 16, 2006) was a United States federal judge.	Paul Hitch Roney	judge
occupation	Charles Carroll Wood DSO CD (b. c.1874-d. 1899) was a Canadian army officer, a lieutenant who was notable as the first Canadian to die in the Second Boer War in South Africa.	Charles Carroll Wood	officer
occupation	Saul Friedman (March 4, 1929 -- December 24, 2010) was an American political journalist and educator.	Saul Friedman	journalist
occupation	Andriy Kyforenko (Ukrainian: Андрій Кифоренко or Andrei Kiforenko from Russian: Андрей Кифоренко, born September 7, 1980) is a Ukrainian former competitive figure skater.	Andriy Kyforenko	figure skater
occupation	In an interview given in 1894 Price-Williams said he began his career with 'the eminent engineer George Heald who was responsible for the construction of so many of the great British railways'.	George Heald	engineer
occupation	Cecil Bransky (born 25 May 1942) is a former lawn and indoor bowler.	Cecil Bransky	bowler
occupation	Raffaele Franceschi (born 18 May 1960) is an Italian swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the 1983 European Aquatics Championships.	Raffaele Franceschi	swimmer
occupation	Autumn de Forest (born October 27, 2001) is an American painter from Las Vegas, Nevada.	Autumn de Forest	painter
occupation	David Nadien (Armenian Դավիթ Նադյան) (March 12, 1926 -- May 28, 2014) was an American violinist and violin teacher .	David Nadien	violinist
occupation	According to some ancient authorities, Stasinus (Greek: Στασῖνος) of Cyprus, a semi-legendary early Greek poet, was the author of the Cypria, in eleven books, one of the poems belonging to the Epic Cycle that narrated the War of Troy.	Stasinus	poet
occupation	Abraham Cooper RA (1787--1868), was an English animal and battle painter.	Abraham Cooper	painter
occupation	Ardele Lister is an artist working in time-based media.	Ardele Lister	artist
occupation	Wahab Dosunmu (died June 9, 2013) was a Nigerian politician and a member of the Senate of Lagos State (1999--2003).	Wahab Dosunmu	politician
occupation	Christian Renoux is a French historian and an activist for nonviolence.	Christian Renoux	historian
occupation	Arousyak Papazian was originally a teacher.	Arousyak Papazian	teacher
occupation	Heber Manning Wells (August 11, 1859 -- March 12, 1938) was an American politician and the first Governor of the State of Utah.	Heber Manning Wells	politician
occupation	Ron Bain is a Scottish television actor, director, producer, comedian and former stage actor who now focuses primarily on directing.	Ron Bain	actor	comedian
occupation	Sir Bennet Soysa or Warusahennidige Abraham Bastian Bennet Soysa (30 March 1889 - 1981) was a Ceylonese politician and philanthropist.	Bennet Soysa	politician
occupation	Trevor Bentham (born Oct 11, 1943) is an English former stage manager and screenwriter.	Trevor Bentham	screenwriter
occupation	Guillem Ramon de Gironella was a late thirteenth-century Catalan troubadour.	Guillem Ramon de Gironella	troubadour
occupation	Louis Thiry (born 1935 in Fléville-devant-Nancy), is a French organist, composer and pedagogue.	Louis Thiry	organist
occupation	Croswell Bowen (1905--1971) was an American political reporter, activist journalist, and biographer who contributed extensively to newspapers and magazines in the 1940s and 1950s.	Croswell Bowen	journalist
occupation	Annette Curtis Klause (born June 20, 1953) is an English-American writer and librarian, specializing in young adult fiction.	Annette Curtis Klause	writer	librarian
occupation	Matthew Edward Kimber (born August 6, 1977), better known by his stage name Josh Martinez, is a Canadian rapper, record producer and record label executive.	Josh Martinez	rapper	record producer
occupation	Warren Babcock, Jr. (September 15, 1866 -- June 3, 1913) was a Michigan politician and educator.	Warren Babcock	politician
occupation	Nick Pollock is a Seattle-based guitarist, singer, and songwriter best known for his work with the grunge/metal band My Sister's Machine.	Nick Pollock	singer
occupation	Angelo Starr is an American singer, musician and record producer.	Angelo Starr	singer
occupation	Karl Dominik (Chinese name: Kaier, 凯洱, pinyin: Kǎiěr, lit. ``Triumphant River'', born March 2, 1980) is a Western Chinese speaking actor based in China.	Karl Dominik	actor
occupation	Frederick Robert Halsey Herbert Noyes was an Anglican priest in the last quarter of the 19th century and the first two decades of the 20th.	Herbert Noyes	priest
occupation	Zareh Kalfayan (Born Constantinople, Ottoman Turkey 1887 - died 1939) was an Ottoman painter of Armenian descent.	Zareh Kalfayan	painter
occupation	Robert Ader (February 20, 1932 -- December 20, 2011) was an American psychologist and academic who co-founded psychoneuroimmunology, a field of study which explores the links connecting the brain, behavior, and the immune system.	Robert Ader	psychologist
occupation	Donyale Luna (August 31, 1945 -- May 17, 1979) was an American model and actress.	Donyale Luna	model
occupation	The Altamura Painter was a classical Greek vase painter.	Altamura Painter	vase painter
occupation	Henry Margenau (April 30, 1901 -- February 8, 1997) was a German-U.S. physicist, and philosopher of science.	Henry Margenau	physicist
occupation	Umesh Shukla is an Indian film director who directed the Indian drama film Oh My God.	Umesh Shukla	film director
occupation	Guillaume de Saint-André (fl. 15th/16th centuries) was the secretary and biographer of John IV of Brittany.	Guillaume de Saint-André	secretary
occupation	Marissa Paternoster is an artist, singer and guitarist active in New Jersey's New Brunswick music scene.	Marissa Paternoster	singer
occupation	Uma Shankar Bajpai (died February 6, 2005) was an Indian diplomat and a veteran journalist.	Uma Shankar Bajpai	diplomat
occupation	Uri Regev is a lawyer and rabbi of the Reform movement of Judaism in Israel, and an active civil rights and religious pluralism advocate.	Uri Regev	lawyer	rabbi
occupation	Edward E. Hammer (December 27, 1931-July 16, 2012) was an engineer who was at the forefront of fluorescent lighting research.	Edward E. Hammer	engineer
occupation	A'Me Lorain (born Amy Trujillo on May 11, 1967 in Simi Valley) is an American singer who was the lead singer for The Family Affair.	A'Me Lorain	singer
occupation	Patti Dahlstrom is a widely respected singer/songwriter, recording artist and teacher.	Patti Dahlstrom	singer
occupation	Robert C. Pittman (April 25, 1922 -- October 27, 1996) was a US Army Air Forces pilot, electrical engineer, and entrepreneur.	Robert C. Pittman	entrepreneur
occupation	Emily Remler (September 18, 1957 -- May 4, 1990) was an American jazz guitarist who rose to prominence in the 1980s.	Emily Remler	guitarist
occupation	Alexander A. Gurshtein (born 1937) is a Russian astronomer and historian of science.	Alexander A. Gurshtein	astronomer
occupation	Alexandra Berková (July 2, 1949 -- June 16, 2008) was a Czech writer and educator.	Alexandra Berková	writer
occupation	Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar (born in Bijapur) is an Indian classical singer.	Arati Ankalikar-Tikekar	singer
occupation	Nelson Cavaquinho (October 29, 1911 -- February 18, 1986, birth name Nelson Antônio da Silva) was one of the most important singer/composers of samba.	Nelson Cavaquinho	singer
occupation	Dessie Hughes was an Irish racehorse trainer and jockey.	Dessie Hughes	jockey
occupation	Neil Howe (born October 21, 1951) is an American historian, economist, and demographer.	Neil Howe	historian	economist	demographer
occupation	Gerhard Gruber (born May 6, 1951 in Aigen im Mühlkreis) is an Austrian composer and piano player.	Gerhard Gruber	composer
occupation	Robert McWade (January 25, 1872 -- January 19, 1938), was an American stage and film actor.	Robert McWade	actor
occupation	James L. White (March 26, 1936 -- July 13, 1981) was an American poet, editor and teacher.	James L. White	poet
occupation	Janet Flanner (March 13, 1892 -- November 7, 1978) was an American writer and journalist who served as the Paris correspondent of The New Yorker magazine from 1925 until she retired in 1975.	Janet Flanner	writer	journalist
occupation	Alexander Stepanovich Yakovlev (Russian: Алекса́ндр Степа́нович Я́ковлев) (November 23, 1886 -- November 4, 1953) was a Russian/Soviet writer.	Alexander Stepanovich Yakovlev	writer
occupation	Peggy Little (born 1942) is an American country music singer best remembered for her country cover version of Dusty Springfield's ``Son of a Preacher Man'' Little was born in Marlin, Texas and raised in Waco, Texas.	Peggy Little	singer
occupation	Bao Junhui (Chinese: 鮑君徽; fl. 798) was a late eighth-century Chinese poet.	Bao Junhui	poet
occupation	Nancy F. Cott (born November 8, 1945) is an American historian and professor who has taught at Yale and Harvard universities, and has mainly specialized in gender topics in the US in the 19th and 20th centuries.	Nancy F. Cott	historian
occupation	Babette Mangolte is a French-American cinematographer and film director.	Babette Mangolte	film director
occupation	Isaac Israel Hayes (March 5, 1832 -- December 17, 1881) was an Arctic explorer, physician and politician.	Isaac Israel Hayes	explorer	politician
occupation	Anna Border Sheppard (born December 22, 1952) is an American politician and a Republican member of the West Virginia House of Delegates representing District 9 since her appointment by West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin June 21, 2011 to fill the vacancy caused by the death of her husband, Representative Larry Border.	Anna Border	politician
occupation	Paul Sabu (born January 2, 1960) is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and guitarist.	Paul Sabu	singer
occupation	Peter Bussian is an independent filmmaker, photographer and visual media consultant who is known mainly for his work with refugees and other international development issues.	Peter Bussian	photographer
occupation	Augustus Washington (1820/1821 - June 7, 1875) was an African-American photographer and daguerreotypist, who later in his career emigrated to Liberia.	Augustus Washington	photographer
occupation	Robert X. Cringely is the pen name of both technology journalist Mark Stephens and a string of writers for a column in InfoWorld, the one-time weekly computer trade newspaper published by IDG.	Robert X. Cringely	journalist
occupation	Vincenzo Mazza (c 1748--1790) was an Italian painter and scenic designer for theaters, mainly in his native Bologna.	Vincenzo Mazza	painter
occupation	Henry Ulke (January 29, 1821 -- February 17, 1910) was an American photographer and portrait painter.	Henry Ulke	photographer	painter
occupation	Lars Ljungqvist (born May 12, 1959) is a Swedish economist probably best known as the author of Recursive Macroeconomic Theory, a standard graduate level textbook of modern macroeconomics, with Thomas J. Sargent.	Lars Ljungqvist	economist
occupation	Larry Mowry (born October 20, 1936) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and Senior PGA Tour (now known as the Champions Tour).	Larry Mowry	golfer
occupation	Herbert Hice Whetzel (September 5, 1877 -- November 30, 1944) was an American mycologist and plant pathologist.	Herbert Hice Whetzel	mycologist
occupation	Joseph Pancoast (November 23, 1805 -- March 6, 1882) was a renowned American surgeon.	Joseph Pancoast	surgeon
occupation	Of Waterston's exhibition Last Days, Regina Hackett wrote: ``If there's a more imitated painter in America than Darren Waterston, I can't imagine who it would be.	Darren Waterston	painter
occupation	Maulana Obaidullah Khan Azmi is an Indian Sunni Islamic Scholar and politician from Nationalist Congress Party.	Obaidullah Khan Azmi	politician
occupation	Lucy Elizabeth Bather (1836--1864), was an English writer for children, known as ``Aunt Elizabeth.''	Lucy Elizabeth Bather	writer
occupation	Francis Bret Harte (August 25, 1836 -- May 5, 1902) was an American author and poet, best remembered for his short fiction featuring miners, gamblers, and other romantic figures of the California Gold Rush.	Bret Harte	poet
occupation	Colm Ó Maonlaí (born 11 December 1966) is an Irish actor and musician who is best known for his portrayal of Sean Flynn in the film A Place to Stay.	Colm Ó Maonlaí	actor
occupation	Slaughter Joe aka Joe Foster (born Joseph James Foster Ruiz) is an English musical artist, record producer, historian, and an actor.	Slaughter Joe	record producer	actor
occupation	James Merritt Ives (March 5, 1824 -- January 3, 1895) was an American lithographer, bookkeeper, and businessman.	James Merritt Ives	lithographer
occupation	Joseph Crespino (born January 10, 1972) is a political historian of the 20th Century United States, specializing in the history of the American South and of modern conservatism.	Joseph Crespino	historian
occupation	Travis Kauffman (born August 21, 1985) is an American heavyweight boxer nicknamed ``My Time.''	Travis Kauffman	boxer
occupation	R. Sakkarapani is an Indian politician and incumbent Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu from Oddanchatram Constituency.	R. Sakkarapani	politician
occupation	Sergey Kazakov (born July 8, 1976) is a Russian amateur boxer best known to win the World Championships 2003 and European Championships 1998, 2002 and 2004 in the Men's Light Flyweight.	Sergey Kazakov	boxer
occupation	Dave McCaig (born December 6, 1971 in Thunder Bay, Ontario) is a Canadian artist and colourist who also works in the animation industry.	Dave McCaig	artist
occupation	Annie Laurie Gaylor (born November 2, 1955) is a co-founder of -- and, with her husband Dan Barker, a current co-president of -- the Freedom From Religion Foundation.	Annie Laurie Gaylor	Freedom From Religion Foundation
occupation	Kevin Hofbauer is an Australian actor known for his role as Constable Christian Tapu in the Australian police drama series Rush.	Kevin Hofbauer	actor
occupation	John Ingle (May 7, 1928 -- September 16, 2012) was an American actor best known for his role as scheming patriarch Edward Quartermaine in the ABC soap opera General Hospital.	John Ingle	actor
occupation	Doug Swingley (born May 14, 1953) is an American dog musher and dog sled racer who lives in Lincoln, Montana, who is a four-time winner of the Iditarod Trail Sled Dog Race across Alaska.	Doug Swingley	musher
occupation	Klariza Clayton (born 9 March 1989) is a British actress and singer known for her roles in television shows including Dani's House, Skins, and House of Anubis.	Klariza Clayton	singer
occupation	Eric Lange (born February 19, 1973) is an American television and movie actor, best known for his roles as Erwin Sikowitz, an acting teacher from the television show Victorious, as Stuart Radzinsky on the ABC television series Lost, and as David Tate/Kenneth Hasting on FX's The Bridge.	Eric Lange	actor
occupation	Isaac Leeser (December 12, 1806 -- February 1, 1868) was an American, Ashkenazi Jewish lay minister of religion, author, translator, editor, and publisher; pioneer of the Jewish pulpit in the United States, and founder of the Jewish press of America.	Isaac Leeser	translator
occupation	Michael Witney (born Whitney Michael Armstrong November 21, 1931 -- November 30, 1983) was an American film and television actor.	Michael Witney	actor
occupation	Robert N. Bradbury (March 23, 1886 -- November 24, 1949) was an American film director and screenwriter who directed 125 movies between 1918 and 1941.	Robert N. Bradbury	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Reed Pierce (born on April 24, 1963, Jackson, Mississippi) is an American professional pool player.	Reed Pierce	pool player
occupation	Karabo Modise (born July 20, 1988 in Botswana) is a Botswana cricketer and currently plays for the Botswana national cricket team.	Karabo Modise	cricketer
occupation	Jessie Bernard was a prolific writer, having published 15 sole-authored books, 9 co-authored books, over 75 journal articles, and over 40 book chapters.	Jessie Bernard	writer
occupation	Nicolas Mesnager (or Le Mesnager or Ménager) (1658--1714) was a French diplomat.	Nicolas Mesnager	diplomat
occupation	Barry McGuire (born October 15, 1935) is an American singer-songwriter best known for the hit song ``Eve of Destruction'', and later as a pioneering singer and songwriter of contemporary Christian music.	Barry McGuire	singer-songwriter	singer and songwriter
occupation	John Vaillant is an American writer and journalist whose work has appeared in The New Yorker, The Atlantic, National Geographic, and Outside.	John Vaillant	writer	journalist
occupation	Tommy Rainone (born January 8, 1980 in Rockville Centre, Long Island, New York) is an American welterweight boxer nicknamed 'The Razor'.	Tommy Rainone	boxer
occupation	Father Albert Braun OFM (September 5, 1889 -- March 6, 1983) was a Roman Catholic priest and teacher in the Southwest and the Pacific United States.	Albert Braun	Catholic priest	teacher
occupation	Yarden Gerbi (Hebrew: ירדן ג'רבי‎, born July 8, 1989) is an Israeli judoka world champion.	Yarden Gerbi	judoka
occupation	Hans Feurer (born Hanspeter Feurer, 1939) is a Swiss fashion photographer.	Hans Feurer	photographer
occupation	George Kapetan is an American actor who is earning a growing cult status in film.	George Kapetan	actor
occupation	Lino Tonti (September 16, 1920 -- June 8, 2002) was an Italian motorcycle engineer known for designing a number of sport and racing motorcycles in the 1950s and 1960s, and for creating his signature 'Tonti frame' for Moto Guzzi's 1967 V7 Sport, setting his stamp on all Moto Guzzis since.	Lino Tonti	engineer
occupation	RAS-1 (Richard Arthur Smith) is a musician (guitarist/singer) who was in the band Long Beach Shortbus with former Sublime bassist Eric Wilson and Willard ``trey'' Pangborn of Falling Idols, along with drummer Damien Ramirez.	RAS-1	musician
occupation	Jon Cowan is an American television producer and writer, best known for his work on television shows Crossing Jordan and Private Practice.	Jon Cowan	writer
occupation	Quincey Daniels (born August 4, 1941 in San Diego, California) is an American former welterweight boxer.	Quincey Daniels	boxer
occupation	Uma Ramanan (Tamil: உமா ரமணன்) is an Indian playback singer, singing predominantly in Tamil.	Uma Ramanan	singer
occupation	Heinz Dürr is a German entrepreneur and a major shareholder in the Stuttgart-based engineering firm Dürr AG, founded by his grandfather in 1895.	Heinz Dürr	entrepreneur
occupation	Hilary Weaver (born May 2, 1991) is a singer-songwriter born in Toronto.	Hilary Weaver	singer-songwriter
occupation	Ludwig Elsholtz (1805-1850), a German painter of genre subjects and battles, born at Berlin, studied in the Academy of his native city, and afterwards in the studio of Franz Krüger, the painter of horses.	Ludwig Elsholtz	painter
occupation	Daniel Lencina-Ribes (born February 5, 1977) is a retired professional tennis player who is born in Alicante, Spain After marrying a Lithuanian tennis player Gabrielė Masiliūnaitė (now Gabrielė Lencina) he got by presidential decree, from president Paksas, the Lithuanian nationality.	Daniel Lencina-Ribes	tennis player
occupation	Elizabeth Warlock is a noted magician and author and the daughter of the stage magician Peter Warlock.	Elizabeth Warlock	magician
occupation	Laurens Perseus Hickok (December 20, 1798 -- May 7, 1888), American philosopher and divine, was born at Bethel, Connecticut.	Laurens Perseus Hickok	philosopher
occupation	Benjamin C. S. Boyle (born September 1, 1979 in Monterey, California) is an American composer, pianist, and music theorist.	Benjamin C. S. Boyle	composer	music theorist
occupation	Stephany Smith (born August 10, 1965) was the head women's basketball coach at the University of Alabama from 2005 to 2008 and at Middle Tennessee State University from 1997 to 2005.	Stephany Smith	basketball coach
occupation	Khalif Diouf, known by his stage name Le1f (/liːf/), is an American rapper and producer from New York City.	Le1f	rapper
occupation	Richard Henry Major (October 3, 1818 -- June 25, 1891) was a geographer and map librarian who curated the map collection of the British Museum from 1844 until his retirement in 1880.	Richard Henry Major	geographer
occupation	Helio Orovio ``The most important (Cuban) musician of the (19th) century was Manuel Saumell Robredo'' The scores of Saumell's Contradanzas for piano are available at Cuatro 40 Ediciones in printed form or downloadable PDF.	Manuel Saumell	musician
occupation	Klaus H. Hofmann (February 21, 1911 -- December 25, 1995) was an American chemist and medical researcher.	Klaus H. Hofmann	chemist
occupation	Geoffrey Arend (born February 28, 1978) is an American film, television, voice and theater actor.	Geoffrey Arend	actor
occupation	Mario Palanti (September 20, 1885 -- September 4, 1978) was an Italian architect who designed important buildings in the capital cities of both Argentina and Uruguay.	Mario Palanti	architect
occupation	Andy Bumatai is a Hawaiian-based comedian and actor.	Andy Bumatai	actor
occupation	Rafael Calventi Gaviño (born in March 18, 1932, La Vega, Dominican Republic) is a Dominican architect and diplomat.	Rafael Calventi	architect	diplomat
occupation	Although Lamachus was known for his courage and military skill, he was sometimes thought less qualified than other generals because he lacked the necessary wealth and social position.	Lamachus	military
occupation	Kwon Jin-ah (Hangul: 권진아; born July 18, 1997) is a South Korean singer and guitarist.	Kwon Jin-ah	singer
occupation	Antoine Vialon (1814 -- 4 March 1866) was a French draftsman and engraver who became music editor and composer of vocal music later in his life.	Antoine Vialon	composer
occupation	Onur Şipal (born March 17, 1989) is a Turkish amateur boxer best known to qualify for the 2008 Olympics.	Onur Şipal	boxer
occupation	Joey Murphy is screenwriter and television producer, currently working as executive producer for Desperate Housewives.	Joey Murphy	screenwriter	television producer
occupation	Edwin Nanau Sitori, also known as Eddie Sitori (born in the mid-1930s in Onepusu, Malaita), is a Solomon Islands former amateur composer and singer, best known for composing the country's unofficial ``national song'', ``Walkabout long Chinatown''.	Edwin Nanau Sitori	composer
occupation	C. Sue Carter is a biologist and behavioral neurobiologist.	C. Sue Carter	biologist
occupation	Abū al‐ʿUqūl Muḥammad ibn Aḥmad al‐Ṭabarī (flourished in Yemen during the 14th century) was a leading astronomer in Ta'izz and the first teacher of astronomy at the Muʾayyadiyya Madrasa.	Abū al‐ʿUqūl	astronomer
occupation	Daniel Templon is a French contemporary art dealer born in 1945.	Daniel Templon	art dealer
occupation	Akira Mitake (見岳 章; born November 11, 1956 in Tokyo) is a Japanese composer.	Akira Mitake	composer
occupation	Sze Yu (born 30 September 1962) is a Chinese-born Australian actor, television presenter and retired badminton player.	Sze Yu	badminton player
occupation	Jack Monroe (born 1988, Southend-on-Sea) is a writer, journalist and activist.	Jack Monroe	journalist
occupation	Li Zhuhao (born January 9, 1999 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang) is a Chinese competitive swimmer, specializing in butterfly.	Li Zhuhao	swimmer
occupation	Abraham Gabriel (16th to 17th-century) was a Palestinian rabbi of probable Italian origin who lived at Safed.	Abraham Gabriel	rabbi
occupation	Ralph Haver was an architect working in metropolitan Phoenix, Arizona, USA from 1945 until the early 1980s.	Ralph Haver	architect
occupation	Harry Mark Petrakis (pronounced /ˌpɛˈtreɪkɪs/, pe-TRAY-kis) (born June 5, 1923) is an American novelist and writer of short stories.	Harry Mark Petrakis	writer
occupation	Robert Brubaker (October 9, 1916 -- April 15, 2010) was an American character actor best known for his roles in television and movie westerns, including as Gunsmoke and 40 Guns to Apache Pass.	Robert Brubaker	actor
occupation	Dieter Vollhardt (born September 8, 1951) is a German physicist and Professor of Theoretical Physics at the University of Augsburg.	Dieter Vollhardt	physicist
occupation	Jan Brett (born December 1, 1949) is an American illustrator and writer of children's picture books.	Jan Brett	writer
occupation	Mark Romero (born July 21, 1963) is a retired American second generation professional wrestler better known by his ring name Mark Youngblood.	Mark Youngblood	professional wrestler
occupation	Morley Saunders (c.1675-1737) was an Irish politician, barrister and landowner.	Morley Saunders	politician
occupation	Lynne Duke (July 29, 1956 -- April 19, 2013) was a prestigious journalist and author.	Lynne Duke	journalist
occupation	Erich Berneker (February 3, 1874 -- March 15, 1937) was a German linguist, Slavicist and Balticist, follower of the Neogrammarian school.	Erich Berneker	linguist
occupation	Alastair Humphreys is an English adventurer, author and motivational speaker.	Alastair Humphreys	author	motivational speaker
occupation	Fabio Mechetti is a Brazilian-born conductor.	Fabio Mechetti	conductor
occupation	Allyson Brown (born 1984 or 1985, sometimes credited as Allyson Ava-Brown) is a British actress and singer.	Allyson Brown	singer
occupation	Carolyn Denning (May 30, 1927 -- January 10, 2016) was an American pediatrician whose research specialized in learning more about and treating cystic fibrosis.	Carolyn Denning	pediatrician
occupation	Ger Maguire (born 1973) is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who play as a full-forward for the Tipperary senior teams.	Ger Maguire	hurler
occupation	César Soto Esquivel (born September 17, 1971) is a retired Mexican professional boxer and is a former WBC featherweight champion.	César Soto	boxer
occupation	Loni Sanders (born January 12, 1958) is an American former pornographic actress and adult model.	Loni Sanders	model
occupation	Patrick Vinton Kirch is an archaeologist who studies Oceanic and Polynesian prehistory.	Patrick Vinton Kirch	archaeologist
occupation	Iulian Pop (March 12, 1880 - November 22, 1923) was an Austro-Hungarian and Romanian lawyer and politician, who became the first Romanian mayor of Cluj on January 19, 1919, one year after Transylvania became part of the Romanian state.	Iulian Pop	politician
occupation	Leo Ruickbie is an historian and sociologist of magic, witchcraft and Wicca.	Leo Ruickbie	sociologist
occupation	Pacino or Pecino da Nova (late 14th century) was an Italian painter active in a late Gothic art style around Bergamo.	Pecino da Nova	painter
occupation	Daniel Hobbins is a Professor of History at The Ohio State University (OSU) and an American historian specializing in Medieval France.	Daniel Hobbins	historian
occupation	Eric Hoffer (July 25, 1898 -- May 21, 1983) was an American moral and social philosopher.	Eric Hoffer	philosopher
occupation	Nelson Doubleday (June 16, 1889 -- January 11, 1949) was a U.S. book publisher and president of Doubleday Company from 1922-1946.	Nelson Doubleday	publisher
occupation	Nathalie Daoust (born March 31, 1977) is a Canadian photographer and contemporary artist.	Nathalie Daoust	photographer
occupation	Kristy Gazes (born October 28, 1967) is a professional poker player originally from California.	Kristy Gazes	poker player
occupation	Yoseph Imry (Hebrew יוסף אמרי) is an Israeli physicist.	Yoseph Imry	physicist
occupation	Mary Youngblood (born June 24, 1958 in Kirkland, Washington) is a Native American musician who plays the Native American flute.	Mary Youngblood	musician
occupation	Rafikjon Sultonov (born February 19, 1988) is an Uzbek amateur boxer who competed at the 2008 Olympics at junior flyweight but was edged out by French southpaw Nordine Oubaali 7:8.	Rafikjon Sultonov	boxer
occupation	Rafael Martínez Nadal (April 22, 1877 -- July 6, 1941) was a Puerto Rican politician, senator, journalist, and businessman.	Rafael Martínez Nadal	politician	journalist
occupation	Clelia Duel Mosher (KLEEL-ya DUE-el MOE-sher; December 16, 1863 -- December 21, 1940) was a physician, hygienist and women's health advocate who disapproved of Victorian stereotypes about the physical incapacities of women.	Clelia Duel Mosher	physician
occupation	Josette Normandeau or Josette D Normandeau is a Canadian television producer and martial artist.	Josette Normandeau	television producer
occupation	Johann Baptist Martinelli or Giovanni Battista Martinelli (February 1701 - June 21, 1754) was an Austrian architect and constructor of Italian descent.	Johann Baptist Martinelli	architect
occupation	Miloš Okuka (born August 2, 1944, Porije near Ulog) is a Serbian linguist, Slavist, dialectologist and literature historian.	Miloš Okuka	linguist
occupation	Adolph A. Hoehling, Jr. (November 3, 1868 -- February 17, 1941 in Washington, D.C.) was a United States federal judge.	Adolph A. Hoehling, Jr.	judge
occupation	The Brygos Painter was an ancient Greek Attic red-figure vase painter of the Late Archaic period.	Brygos Painter	red-figure vase painter
occupation	Jayaprakash Sittampalam Tissainayagam (known as J. S. Tissainayagam, Tamil: ஜெயப்பிரகாஷ் சிற்றம்பலம் திசைநாயகம்) is a Sri Lankan journalist.	J. S. Tissainayagam	journalist
occupation	Charles Bailey Clarke (October 3, 1875 -- January 27, 1944) was a Portland, Maine politician.	Charles Bailey Clarke	politician
occupation	Nick Larkins is an Australian rock musician who has played with various Australian acts, and solo.	Nick Larkins	musician
occupation	Arjun Kapikad is an Indian film actor who appears in Tulu films and Kannada films.	Arjun Kapikad	actor
occupation	Gary Thieltges is an American cinematographer, owner of Doggicam Systems and best known for inventing camera rigs used on big-budget Hollywood films and television shows.	Gary Thieltges	cinematographer
occupation	Aaron Lewis (born April 13, 1972) is an American musician, who is the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and founding member of the rock group Staind, with whom he has released seven studio albums.	Aaron Lewis	musician	guitarist
occupation	Alfred Neobard Palmer (1847--1915) was a chemist and local historian.	Alfred Neobard Palmer	historian
occupation	Richard Melancthon Hurd (June 14, 1865 -- June 6, 1941) was a pioneer real estate economist and political activist.	Richard Melancthon Hurd	economist
occupation	Kim Saiki-Maloney (born January 24, 1966) is a Japanese-American professional golfer who played on the LPGA Tour from 1992 to 2007.	Kim Saiki	golfer
occupation	William Henry Merrill (December 29, 1868 -- September 17, 1923) was an American electrical engineer who founded Underwriters Laboratories in 1894.	William Henry Merrill	engineer
occupation	Lenny Krayzelburg (born September 28, 1975, as Leonid Krayzelburg; Ukrainian: Леонід Крайзельбург, Russian: Леонид Крайзельбург) is an American former backstroke swimmer, and Olympic gold medalist and former world record holder.	Lenny Krayzelburg	swimmer
occupation	Jeremy Hobson is a national radio journalist.	Jeremy Hobson	journalist
occupation	Nina Roth (born July 21, 1988 as Nina Spatola) is an American curler from McFarland, Wisconsin.	Nina Roth	curler
occupation	Giuseppe Zeno (born May 8, 1976) is an Italian actor of cinema, theatre and television.	Giuseppe Zeno	actor
occupation	George K. Fraenkel (July 27, 1921 -- June 10, 2009) was an American physical chemist, dean of Graduate School of Arts and Sciences and chairman of the chemistry department at Columbia University.	George K. Fraenkel	chemist
occupation	Barry Zorthian (1920 -- 2010) was an American diplomat, most notably press officer for 4 1⁄2 years during the Vietnam war, media executive and lobbyist.	Barry Zorthian	officer
occupation	Liza Brönner (Liza Bronner) is an Afrikaans singer and songwriter.	Liza Brönner	singer
occupation	Doris Grau (October 12, 1924 -- December 30, 1995) was an American script supervisor, actress, and voice artist from Brooklyn.	Doris Grau	script supervisor
occupation	Vartan Pasha (Armenian: Վարդան փաշա), (Hovsep Vartanian or Osep Vartanian ) was an Ottoman Armenian statesman, author, and journalist of the 19th century, promoted to the rank of ``Pasha'' after three decades in the service of the state.	Vartan Pasha	author	journalist
occupation	Eystein Husebye (born 1937) is a Norwegian seismologist.	Eystein Husebye	seismologist
occupation	Antonio Contri (before 1701 -- September 10, 1731) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, mainly active in Ferrara.	Antonio Contri	painter
occupation	Mike Porcel is an exiled Cuban born-American musician, guitarist, composer, orchestrator and song writer better associated with the Cuban musical movement of the 60s & 70s Nueva trova.	Mike Porcel	composer
occupation	Theo Bleckmann is a jazz singer and new music composer, he was grammy nominated and received the ECHO award in 2010.	Theo Bleckmann	singer
occupation	Matty Dawson is an English rugby league player for St Helens in the European Super League.	Matty Dawson	rugby league player
occupation	George O. Petrie (November 16, 1912 -- November 16, 1997) was an American radio and television actor.	George O. Petrie	actor
occupation	Joshua Toole is a rugby league player who plays as a centre for Illawarra Cutters, a feeder team for St. George Illawarra Dragons.	Joshua Toole	rugby league player
occupation	Stephen Pohlig is an electrical engineer currently working at MIT Lincoln Laboratory.	Stephen Pohlig	engineer
occupation	Dr. Scott Sandford, is an astronomer and NASA space scientist.	Scott Sandford	astronomer
occupation	Tapi Mra is a mountaineer from India and the first person from Arunachal Pradesh to scale Everest.	Tapi Mra	mountaineer
occupation	Vilhelm Bryde (April 8, 1888 -- April 24, 1974) was a Swedish actor and art director.	Vilhelm Bryde	actor
occupation	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam was an Indian film director, screenwriter, and producer known for his works predominantly in Telugu cinema.	Gudavalli Ramabrahmam	film director
occupation	Inisai Toga was a Fijian rugby league player who played for the St George Dragons in the 1970s.	Inisai Toga	rugby league player
occupation	Walter Neale (fl. 1618--1639) was an English military officer and an explorer and colonial administrator in the territory of New England that later became New Hampshire.	Walter Neale	explorer
occupation	Karl Stevens (born November 21, 1978 in Concord, Massachusetts) is a graphic novelist and painter.	Karl Stevens	painter
occupation	Vato Gonzalez (born 6 June 1983 as Björn Franken) is a Dutch record producer, songwriter, artist, DJ, who is signed to Levels Recordings / Ministry of Sound / Crowd Control / Spinnin' Records.	Vato Gonzalez	record producer
occupation	James R. Pitts, known as Jim Pitts (born January 1, 1947) is an American state politician and lawyer who served in the Texas House of Representatives from 1993 to 2015.	Jim Pitts	politician	lawyer
occupation	Eugenia Volodina (Russian: Евгения Володина, born September 23, 1984) is a Russian model.	Eugenia Volodina	model
occupation	Evgeny Messner (Russian: Евгений Эдуардович Месснер, German: Eugen Messner; 1891--1974) was a Russian professional soldier and military theorist.	Evgeny Messner	soldier
occupation	Percival Goodman (January 13, 1904 -- October 11, 1989) was an American urban theorist and architect who designed more than 50 synagogues between 1948 and 1983.	Percival Goodman	architect
occupation	Abraham Lincoln Marovitz (August 10, 1905 -- March 17, 2001) was a federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.	Abraham Lincoln Marovitz	judge
occupation	Alfredo ``El Salsero'' Escalera (born March 21, 1952) is a Puerto Rican also known as Alfredo Escalera who was a world champion boxer.	Alfredo Escalera	boxer
occupation	Harry Lucey (November 13, 1913 -- August 28, 1984) was an American comic artist best known for his work in MLJ and Archie Comics.	Harry Lucey	artist
occupation	Christopher Shane Sweet (born on January 6, 1986) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as Josh Stevenson, Robbie's younger brother, on Nickelodeon series The Journey of Allen Strange.	Shane Sweet	actor
occupation	Edna Barker (born 1936) is a former English international cricketer, who played 15 Test matches for the England women's cricket team between 1957/58 and 1968/69.	Edna Barker	cricketer
occupation	Ollie E. Brown (sometimes credited as simply Ollie Brown) (born April 20, 1953) is an American drummer, percussionist, record producer, and high-school basketball coach.	Ollie E. Brown	record producer
occupation	Lee Chin Cheh (Chinese: 李景杰; pinyin: Lǐ Jǐngjié) is a Malaysian politician and the former Selangor state assemblyman of the Kajang seat.	Lee Chin Cheh	politician
occupation	Mike Mattison is an American musician and vocalist of the Grammy Award-winning rhythm and blues group, the Tedeschi Trucks Band, as well as lead vocalist and co-founder of the blues rock trio Scrapomatic.	Mike Mattison	musician
occupation	Anthony Dirrell (born October 14, 1984) is an American professional boxer and former WBC super middleweight champion.	Anthony Dirrell	boxer
occupation	Anthony Buckie Leach is an American foil fencing coach and fencer.	Buckie Leach	fencer
occupation	Gruffudd ab Adda (fl. mid 14th century) was a Welsh language poet and musician.	Gruffudd ab Adda	poet
occupation	Giulio Caporali (Perugia, active 1540) was an Italian painter and architect of the Renaissance.	Giulio Caporali	painter	architect
occupation	Zheela (also spelled as Zhila and Zhilla, Persian: ‎ ژیلا, July 15, 1943 -- June 28, 2009) was an Afghan singer and actress.	Zheela	singer
occupation	Frank Bartleman (December 14, 1871 -- August 23, 1936) was an American Pentecostal writer, evangelist and missionary.	Frank Bartleman	missionary
occupation	Wu Pau-hsien (Chinese: 吳保賢; born February 6, 1980 in Taiwan) is a Taiwanese baseball player who currently plays for Brother Elephants of Chinese Professional Baseball League.	Wu Pau-hsien	baseball player
occupation	Gastón Arce Sejas (December 25, 1964) is a Bolivian performer, conductor, pedagogue and composer of contemporary music.	Gastón Arce Sejas	conductor	composer
occupation	Piotra Sych (Belarusian: Пятро Сыч or Пётра Сыч) (January 18, 1912 - June 20, 1963), a Belarusian writer and journalist, born in Baturyna, Western Belarus, near Vileyka.	Piotra Sych	writer	journalist
occupation	Sallie Chapman Gordon Law (nicknamed Mother of the Confederacy) (1805--1894) was the first recorded Confederate nurse in the American Civil War.	Sallie Chapman Gordon Law	nurse
occupation	Rolf Deyhle (1938-2014) was a German property developer, art collector and film producer.	Rolf Deyhle	film producer
occupation	Franco Riccardi (June 13, 1905 -- May 24, 1968) was one of the greatest Italian fencer and Olympic champion in épée competition.	Franco Riccardi	fencer
occupation	Travis Mohr is a world record setting Paralympic swimmer and civil engineer.	Travis Mohr	swimmer
occupation	Pamela Rambo is a colorist who has worked in the comics industry, perhaps best known for her work on Dark Horse Comics's Star Wars series.	Pamela Rambo	colorist
occupation	Felix Karasev or Felix Sutyrin was a KGB General and Soviet diplomat.	Felix Karasev	diplomat
occupation	Elías Isaac Alippi was an Argentine actor, theatrical impresario, film director and theater director.	Elías Isaac Alippi	actor
occupation	Anita Singhvi is an Indian classical singer.	Anita Singhvi	singer
occupation	Margaret Becker (born July 17, 1959) is an American Christian rock singer, guitarist, and songwriter.	Margaret Becker	singer
occupation	Dave Gould (March 11, 1899 - June 3, 1969) was a Hungarian-American choreographer and dance director.	Dave Gould	choreographer
occupation	Supoj Saenla (born August 15, 1980) is a former Thai professional snooker player who lives in Chiang Mai.	Supoj Saenla	snooker player
occupation	Rudolf Zahradník (born October 20, 1928 in Bratislava, then Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia) is a Czech chemist.	Rudolf Zahradník	chemist
occupation	John Sack (March 24, 1930 -- March 27, 2004) was an American literary journalist and war correspondent.	John Sack	journalist	war correspondent
occupation	Taaha Shah is an Indian actor and former model working in the Hindi film industry, known for his leading role in the 2011 Y-Films romantic comedy Luv Ka The End, a critical and commercial success, and subsequently featured in the 2013 commercially successful drama Gippi.	Taaha Shah	actor
occupation	Enrique Bátiz Campbell (born May 4, 1942) is a Mexican conductor and pianist.	Enrique Bátiz Campbell	conductor	pianist
occupation	Jane Turzy was a Chicago, Illinois-born singer of traditional pop music.	Jane Turzy	singer
occupation	Mort Shuman (November 12, 1936 -- November 2, 1991) was an American singer, pianist and songwriter, best known as co-writer of many 1960s rock and roll hits, including ``Viva Las Vegas''.	Mort Shuman	singer	songwriter
occupation	Rob Fleming is a Canadian politician who represents the riding of Victoria-Swan Lake in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia.	Rob Fleming	politician
occupation	Sophie Cooke (born 3 April 1976) is a Scottish novelist, short story writer, poet, and travel writer.	Sophie Cooke	novelist
occupation	Alan E. Steinweis (born 1957 in Brooklyn) is an American historian and a professor at the University of Vermont.	Alan E. Steinweis	historian
occupation	Jerry Portnoy (born November 25, 1943, Chicago, Illinois, United States) is an American harmonica blues musician, who has toured with Muddy Waters and Eric Clapton.	Jerry Portnoy	musician
occupation	Alma Zohar (Hebrew: עלמה זהר‎) (born June 6, 1977) is a critically acclaimed Israeli musician and singer.	Alma Zohar	singer
occupation	Ferdinand Eckstein (1790--1861), Baron d'Eckstein, was a philosopher and playwright.	Ferdinand Eckstein	philosopher	playwright
occupation	James Augustus Fox (August 11, 1827 -- December 15, 1900) was a Massachusetts lawyer and politician who served on the Board of Aldermen and as the Mayor of Cambridge, Massachusetts.	James Augustus Fox	lawyer	politician
occupation	Ingrid Cole is an Atlanta, Georgia actor with the American Musical Theatre.	Ingrid Cole	actor
occupation	Ron Fletcher (May 29, 1921 -- December 6, 2011) was an American Pilates Master Teacher, an author and a Martha Graham dancer.	Ron Fletcher	dancer
occupation	Herbert M. Merrill (September 13, 1871, in Campton, Grafton County, New Hampshire -- March 5, 1956, in Schenectady, New York) was an American politician from New York.	Herbert M. Merrill	politician
occupation	Rosalie Abrams was an American feminist playwright, actress, and activist.	Rosalie Abrams	playwright
occupation	Asaf Avidan (Hebrew: אסף אבידן‎; born March 23, 1980) is an Israeli singer-songwriter and musician.	Asaf Avidan	singer-songwriter	musician
occupation	Patrizia Genovesi is an Italian photographer and video artist.	Patrizia Genovesi	photographer
occupation	Boris Mordukhovich is an American mathematician recognized for his research in the areas of nonlinear analysis, optimization, and control theory.	Boris Mordukhovich	mathematician
occupation	Owen George Anthony Silvera (born c.1956), better known as Ambelique, is a Jamaican reggae singer, primarily working in the lovers rock genre.	Ambelique	singer
occupation	Britt Vonk (born April 11, 1991 in Enschede) is a Dutch softball player, who has represented the Dutch national team in international competitions.	Britt Vonk	softball player
occupation	Adam Riegler (May 27th, 1998) is an American child actor.	Adam Riegler	actor
occupation	Ray Browning is a fitness expert, biomechanist and former professional triathlete.	Ray Browning	triathlete
occupation	Marianne Macdonald (born July 9, 1934 in Kenora, Ontario) is a Canadian children's books author and novelist best known for her mystery series featuring London antiques bookstore owner and amateur investigator Dido Hoare.	Marianne Macdonald	novelist
occupation	Roberto de Villacis (born March 10, 1967, as Robert O. Henrichsen de Villacis) is an Ecuadorian American fashion designer and artist, best known as for his Trash Couture clothing brand and art collective, United Aliens.	Roberto de Villacis	fashion designer
occupation	Ralph Hammeras (March 24, 1894 -- February 3, 1970) was an American special effects designer, cinematographer and art director.	Ralph Hammeras	cinematographer
occupation	John Morrissey (February 12, 1831 -- May 1, 1878), also known as Old Smoke, was an Irish American bare-knuckle boxer and a gang member in New York in the 1850s and later became a Democratic State Senator and U.S. Congressman from New York, backed by Tammany Hall.	John Morrissey	boxer
occupation	Yoon Kuk Lee (born August 24, 1953) is a South Korean-born Austrian Composer and conductor.	Yoon Kuk Lee	conductor
occupation	Harry Elmer Barnes (June 15, 1889 -- August 25, 1968) was an American historian who, in his later years, was known for his historical revisionism.	Harry Elmer Barnes	historian
occupation	Sippy Pallippuram is a highly acclaimed children's story writer in Malayalam who has won several awards including Kendra Sahitya Akademi Award and Kerala Sahitya Akademi Award.	Sippy Pallippuram	writer
occupation	Ben Oliver is a British comics artist who has worked for 2000 AD on Judge Dredd as well as providing art for The Authority, The Losers, and Ultimate X-Men	Ben Oliver	artist
occupation	Michel Jean is a Canadian television journalist, who currently hosts the newsmagazine series JE on TVA and was formerly an anchor on the 24-hour news channel RDI.	Michel Jean	journalist
occupation	Helena Ekholm (née Helena Jonsson) (born September 6, 1984 in Helgum) is a former Swedish biathlete.	Helena Ekholm	biathlete
occupation	Patsy McGlone (born 8 July 1959) is an Irish politician from Ballinderry in Northern Ireland.	Patsy McGlone	politician
occupation	Desmond Dube is a South African singer, actor, mime artist and entertainer.	Desmond Dube	singer	actor	mime artist
occupation	Stanley Coulter (June 2, 1853 -- June 26, 1943) was an American biologist, brother of J. M. Coulter, born at Ningpo, China, and educated at Hanover College.	Stanley Coulter	biologist
occupation	Betty Jo Teeter Dobbs (October 19, 1930 -- March 29, 1994) was a historian specializing in Isaac Newton's occult studies.	Betty Jo Teeter Dobbs	historian
occupation	Frank D. Stafford was an American physician and politician who served in the Vermont House of Representatives and as the fourth and sixth Mayors of North Adams, Massachusetts.	Frank D. Stafford	politician
occupation	Dwight Nevil (born August 25, 1944) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour in the 1970s and later played on the Champions Tour.	Dwight Nevil	golfer
occupation	The Adnan Hajj photographs controversy (also called Reutersgate) involves digitally manipulated photographs taken by Adnan Hajj, a Lebanese freelance photographer based in the Middle East, who had worked for Reuters over a period of more than ten years.	Adnan Hajj photographs controversy	photographer
occupation	Charles Yuill (August 14, 1889 -- July 30, 1972) was a butcher shop owner, former Mayor of Barrhead, Alberta and served as a Canadian federal politician from 1953 to 1958.	Charles Yuill	politician
occupation	Karel Fialka is an Indian born British singer-songwriter, best known for his 1987 single, ``Hey, Matthew''.	Karel Fialka	singer	songwriter
occupation	Roy St. John is an American-born singer-songwriter.	Roy St. John	singer-songwriter
occupation	Shawn Dou (simplified Chinese: 窦骁; traditional Chinese: 竇驍; pinyin: Dòu Xiāo; born December 15, 1988) is a Chinese actor.	Shawn Dou	actor
occupation	Tarun Arora is an Indian model turned actor who works in Bollywood films.	Tarun Arora	model	actor
occupation	William Hayhurst (December 31, 1887 -- May 19, 1975) was a farmer, principal, teacher, businessman and a Canadian federal politician.	William Hayhurst	politician
occupation	Stephen Mear (born 1964) is an English dancer and choreographer best known for his award-winning work in musical theatre.	Stephen Mear	dancer	choreographer
occupation	Shajoon Kariyal is an Indian film director and producer working in Malayalam cinema.	Shajoon Kariyal	film director
occupation	Hui Shi (Chinese: 惠施; pinyin: Huì Shī; Wade--Giles: Hui4 Shih1; 380--305 BCE), or Huizi (Chinese: 惠子; pinyin: Huìzǐ; Wade--Giles: Hui4 Tzu3; ``Master Hui''), was a Chinese philosopher during the Warring States period.	Hui Shi	philosopher
occupation	Constantine Andreou (also: Costas Andreou, Kostas Andreou; French: Constantin Andréou, Costas Andréou; Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Ανδρέου, Κώστας Ανδρέου) (March 24, 1917 -- October 8, 2007) was a painter and sculptor of Greek origin with a highly successful career that spanned six decades.	Constantine Andreou	painter	sculptor
occupation	Alexander Gurevich, (born February 7, 1944) is an Israeli painter and graphic artist.	Alexander Gurevich	painter	artist
occupation	Fritz von Uhde (born Friedrich Hermann Carl Uhde; May 22, 1848 -- February 25, 1911) was a German painter of genre and religious subjects.	Fritz von Uhde	painter
occupation	Alex MacKinnon is a retired Canadian professional darts player who competed in the 1980s.	Alex MacKinnon	darts player
occupation	Catherine Steiner-Adair is a clinical psychologist, school consultant, author, and teacher whose professional life is devoted to working with children, parents, and schools.	Catherine Steiner-Adair	psychologist
occupation	Lü Buwei (291--235 BC) was a politician of the Qin state in the Warring States Period of ancient China.	Lü Buwei	politician
occupation	Daniel T. Willingham (born 1961) is a psychologist at the University of Virginia, where he is a professor in the Department of Psychology.	Daniel T. Willingham	psychologist
occupation	Khatun Sapnara (Bengali: খাতুন সাপনারা; born 29 April 1968) is a Bangladeshi-born British judge.	Khatun Sapnara	judge
occupation	Roland Piquepaille (October 18, 1946 -- January 6, 2009) was a technology writer, both for ZDNet and for his own blog, Roland Piquepaille's Technology Trends, and a former software engineer at Silicon Graphics and Cray Research.	Roland Piquepaille	engineer
occupation	Ethan Ash is an English singer-songwriter and musician, based in Cambridge, England.	Ethan Ash	singer-songwriter
occupation	Tamar Getter, born in Tel Aviv in 1953, is an Israeli painter.	Tamar Getter	painter
occupation	Josh Ryan is an American photographer who specializes in fashion and glamour photography.	Josh Ryan	photographer
occupation	Thaha is a Malayali Indian film director and writer known primarily for his slapstick comedy movies.	Thaha	film director
occupation	Carlos Abella y Ramallo (April 13, 1934 -- August 12, 2014) was a Spanish diplomat whose career with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs spanned forty years until his retirement in 2004.	Carlos Abella y Ramallo	diplomat
occupation	George Raft (born George Ranft; September 26, 1901 -- November 24, 1980) was an American film actor and dancer identified with portrayals of gangsters in crime melodramas of the 1930s and 1940s.	George Raft	actor
occupation	Jean Lee Latham (April 19, 1902 -- June 13, 1995) was an American writer who specialized in biographies for children or young adults.	Jean Lee Latham	writer
occupation	Maria McCool (born 23 May 1974) (Irish: Maria Nic Cumhaill) is an Irish singer from Gweedore, County Donegal.	Maria McCool	singer
occupation	Jesse Greer (August 26, 1896 -- October 4, 1970 New York City) was an American Broadway songwriter.	Jesse Greer	songwriter
occupation	Beat Wyss (1947 in Basle) is a Swiss art historian, professor ordinarius for art history and media theory at Karlsruhe University of Arts and Design, Germany, and member of the Heidelberg Academy of Sciences and Humanities.	Beat Wyss	art historian
occupation	Hasan Abidi (Urdu: حسن عابدی) was a noted Pakistani journalist, writer, and a senior Urdu language poet.	Hasan Abidi	journalist	poet
occupation	Jimmy Britt (October 5, 1879, in San Francisco, California -- January 21, 1940) was a boxer from 1902 to 1909.	Jimmy Britt	boxer
occupation	Bandō Mitsugorō X (Japanese: 十代目 坂東 三津五郎) (January 23, 1956 -- February 2, 2015) was a Japanese television presenter and kabuki actor.	Bandō Mitsugorō X	actor
occupation	Fred Spiker (formerly known as Fred McQueen) is an actor who bears a striking resemblance to Steve McQueen, whom Spiker claims is his father.	Fred Spiker	actor
occupation	Jennifer Love Hewitt (born February 21, 1979) is an American actress, producer, author, television director and singer-songwriter.	Jennifer Love Hewitt	singer
occupation	John Philip Cohane, born in New Haven, Connecticut, was an archaeologist for the University of Pennsylvania.	John Philip Cohane	archaeologist
occupation	George Litto is an American film producer and talent agent.	George Litto	film producer	talent agent
occupation	Arthur Mag (October 11, 1896 -- October 23, 1981) was a Kansas City lawyer and philanthropist.	Arthur Mag	lawyer
occupation	Ernest P. Young is an American historian of China and East Asia who focused his research on the Catholic Church in China and on Sino-Japanese relations.	Ernest P. Young	historian
occupation	Catherine Taft is an art critic, curator, and writer.	Catherine Taft	art critic	curator
occupation	George Tattersall (pseud. ``Wildrake'') (June 13, 1817 -- August 16, 1849) was a sporting artist and architect.	George Tattersall	architect
occupation	S. P. Muthuraman is an Indian film director who works in the Tamil film industry.	S. P. Muthuraman	film director
occupation	Liz Rose (born in Dallas, Texas) is an American country music songwriter best known for her work with Taylor Swift.	Liz Rose	songwriter
occupation	Thomas Hale Boggs, Sr. (February 15, 1914 - presumably October 16, 1972 but not declared dead until January 3, 1973) was an American Democratic politician and a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from New Orleans, Louisiana.	Hale Boggs	politician
occupation	Jason Robert Brown (born June 20, 1970) is an American musical theatre composer, lyricist, and playwright.	Jason Robert Brown	composer
occupation	Andriy Grechylo (Ukrainian: Андрій Богданович Ґречило, Andriy Bohdanovych Grechylo / Greczylo), is an Ukrainian historian, heraldist and vexillologist.	Andriy Grechylo	historian
occupation	Minkailu Bah (born in Magburaka, Tonkolili District) is a Sierra Leonean politician and Lecturer and currently serves as Sierra Leone's Minister of Education, Youth and Sports.	Minkailu Bah	politician
occupation	Andrew Cantrill is a British-born organist and choral director.	Andrew Cantrill	organist
occupation	Lloyd Stone (June 29, 1912 -- March 9, 1993) was an American poet who wrote the first two stanzas of the 1934 hymn This is My Song using the Finlandia Hymn melody composed by Jean Sibelius.	Lloyd Stone	poet
occupation	Gus Edson (September 20, 1901 - September 26, 1966) was an American cartoonist known for two popular, long running comic strips, The Gumps and Dondi.	Gus Edson	cartoonist
occupation	Larry Jeffries is an American former basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas between 1965--66 and 1968--69.	Larry Jeffries	basketball player
occupation	Kevin MacAdam (born February 28, 1967) is a former Canadian politician and current political advisor.	Kevin MacAdam	politician
occupation	Niccolò Zucchi (Italian pronunciation: (nikkoˈlɔ ˈdzukki; *ˈtsukki); December 6, 1586 -- May 21, 1670) was an Italian Jesuit, astronomer, and physicist.	Niccolò Zucchi	astronomer	physicist
occupation	Paul Calandrillo (January 31, 1956 in Hoboken, New Jersey -- December 30, 2007), better known as Paul Land, was an American actor who appeared in the movies Spring Break and The Idolmaker.	Paul Land	actor
occupation	Joseph Cook (December 29, 1922 -- April 15, 2014), known as Little Joe Cook, was an American rhythm and blues singer and songwriter.	Little Joe Cook	singer
occupation	Melissa Errico is an American actress, singer, recording artist and writer.	Melissa Errico	singer
occupation	James Farr is a freelance animator and animation director based at present in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	James Farr	animator	animation director
occupation	George Bruce Upton (October 11, 1804-July 1, 1874) was an American shipbuilder and politician who served as a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives in the Massachusetts Senate and in the Massachusetts Executive Council.	George Bruce Upton	politician
occupation	Kieran Joyce (born 4 April 1987) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing-back for the Kilkenny senior team.	Kieran Joyce	hurler
occupation	Joey Osbourne is a founding member and drummer for Acid King, Altamont, and The Stimmies.	Joey Osbourne	drummer
occupation	Fritz August Breuhaus (February 9, 1883 -- December 2, 1960) was a famous German architect, interior designer, and designer in the 20th century.	Fritz August Breuhaus	architect
occupation	W. R. F. Browning is an Anglican clergyman and theologian.	W. R. F. Browning	theologian
occupation	Jade Yorker (born June 16, 1985) is an American actor of film and television.	Jade Yorker	actor
occupation	Dan Ponce is a Chicago television journalist for WGN-TV, radio talk show host on WLS-AM (890) and founder of the renowned a cappella group Straight No Chaser.	Dan Ponce	journalist
occupation	Emanuel Ortega is an Argentine pop singer.	Emanuel Ortega	singer
occupation	Edward Aczel is a British stand-up comedian known for his ``anti-comedy'' style of clumsy delivery presenting as uninterested and lacking belief in both his material and performing skills.	Edward Aczel	comedian
occupation	Albert Innaurato (born June 2, 1947) is an American playwright, theatre director, and writer.	Albert Innaurato	playwright
occupation	Georg Nikolaus von Nissen (sometimes Nicolaus or Nicolai; January 22, 1761 -- March 24, 1826) was a Danish diplomat and music historian.	Georg Nikolaus von Nissen	diplomat	music historian
occupation	Norman F. Dixon is a British psychologist most noted for his 1976 book On the Psychology of Military Incompetence.	Norman F. Dixon	psychologist
occupation	Mark Leslie Norton (February 7, 1956 -- April 5, 2007), better known as Mark St. John, was a guitarist best known for his brief work with the rock band Kiss from April to November 1984.	Mark St. John	guitarist
occupation	Xavier Simoni (born 20 March 1984 in Biarritz, France) is a professional ice hockey player.	Xavier Simoni	ice hockey player
occupation	Amandititita is a Mexican singer and songwriter of cumbia.	Amandititita	singer
occupation	Mark Summer was the Turtle Island Quartet's original cellist; he is a co-founder of the quartet and performed with Turtle Island (a.k.a. Turtle Island String Quartet) from its founding in 1985 until the fall of 2015.	Mark Summer	cellist
occupation	Taku Iwasa is a Japanese professional wrestler who currently wrestles for Dragon Gate.	Taku Iwasa	professional wrestler
occupation	Everett Fox is a scholar and translator of the Hebrew Bible, a graduate of Brandeis University.	Everett Fox	translator
occupation	Emily Lyons (born July 18, 1956) is an American nurse who was gravely injured when Eric Robert Rudolph bombed an abortion clinic in Birmingham, Alabama, where she worked.	Emily Lyons	nurse
occupation	Shane Hart is an English actor, writer, producer and casting director.	Shane Hart	actor	casting director
occupation	Dr. Naeem M. Abdurrahman (a.k.a. Naeem Al-Gheriany) P.h.D, PE (Arabic نعيم عبدالرحمن الغرياني) is a Libyan nuclear scientist, engineer and academic.	Naeem M. Abdurrahman	engineer
occupation	Jefferson Moore is an American actor, writer, producer, director and editor based in Louisville, Kentucky.	Jefferson Moore	actor
occupation	José Antonio Garrido Nataren is a Mexican engineer, currently serves as Rector of the University of Technology Tecamachalco	José Antonio Garrido Nataren	engineer
occupation	Adelmota of Carrara (early 14th-century) was an Italian physician.	Adelmota of Carrara	physician
occupation	Stephane Gauger is a Vietnamese-American film director, screenwriter, and cinematographer.	Stephane Gauger	film director
occupation	Will Knightley (born 23 April 1946) is an English television and stage actor.	Will Knightley	actor
occupation	Václav Vích (1898--1966) was a Czech cinematographer, who worked on over a hundred films in a variety of different countries during his career.	Václav Vích	cinematographer
occupation	Giora Feidman (Hebrew: גיורא פיידמן‎; born March 26, 1936) is an Argentine-born Israeli clarinetist who specializes in klezmer music.	Giora Feidman	clarinetist
occupation	Stephen Arthur Jennings (May 11, 1915 -- February 2, 1979) was a mathematician who made significant breakthroughs in the study of modular representation theory, (Jennings 1941).	Stephen Arthur Jennings	mathematician
occupation	Dr. Pricilla Nanyang (Priscila Nyanyang) is a South Sudanese politician.	Pricilla Nanyang	politician
occupation	Rex Ballard is a cinematographer with a career in movies, music videos and television programs.	Rex Ballard	cinematographer
occupation	Michelle Mungall is a Canadian politician, who was elected as a New Democratic Party Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia in the 2009 provincial election, representing the riding of Nelson-Creston.	Michelle Mungall	politician
occupation	Charles Whibley (1859--1930) was an English literary journalist and author.	Charles Whibley	journalist
occupation	John Hallet is a British actor, probably best known for his role as Barney in the 1970s television drama Survivors.	John Hallet	actor
occupation	Robert Emhardt (July 24, 1913 -- December 26, 1994) was an American character actor who worked on stage, in film and on television.	Robert Emhardt	actor
occupation	Mark Hempsell is a British aerospace engineer and CEO of Hempsell Astronautics Ltd. which is currently designing the Universal Space Interface Standard (USIS), a system which aims to standardise berthing, docking and attachment of satellites and other spacecraft.	Mark Hempsell	aerospace engineer
occupation	Dave Finkel (born May 15, 1970) is an American television producer, actor, and screenwriter who has worked on many successful television shows.	Dave Finkel	screenwriter
occupation	Felipe Codallos (born in Guatemala) was a Central American general and politician.	Felipe Codallos	politician
occupation	Talvin DeMachio is a retired escort and American pornographic actor who appears in pornographic movies aimed at gay audiences.	Talvin DeMachio	pornographic actor
occupation	Colin McDowell is a British fashion writer, journalist and academic.	Colin McDowell	journalist
occupation	Christa Hughes is an Australian singer, known for her wild on-stage antics and powerful voice.	Christa Hughes	singer
occupation	Lincoln Goldie (November 11, 1864 -- September 19, 1931) was an industrialist and politician in Ontario.	Lincoln Goldie	politician
occupation	Stryker McGuire (born September 12, 1947) is a journalist working in London.	Stryker McGuire	journalist
occupation	Jesus Gil Abreu (September 1, 1823 -- June 30, 1900) was a rancher and pioneer who owned a New Mexico ranch that now comprises Philmont Scout Ranch.	Jesus Gil Abreu	rancher
occupation	Mükerrem Kamil Su (Bursa, 1906--1984) was a popular Turkish writer.	Mükerrem Kamil Su	writer
occupation	Aaron ben Eliezer Lipman was a mid-seventeenth century rabbi of the town of Sępólno Krajeńskie in Poland (known as Zempelburg in German, and later part of West Prussia between 1772 and 1920).	Aaron ben Eliezer Lipman	rabbi
occupation	Frank Jay Haynes (October 28, 1853 -- March 10, 1921), known as F. Jay or the Professor to almost all that knew him, was a professional photographer, publisher and entrepreneur from Minnesota who played a major role in documenting through photographs, the settlement and early history of the great Northwest.	Frank Jay Haynes	photographer
occupation	Judith Baumel (b. October 9, 1956 Bronx, New York) is an American poet.	Judith Baumel	poet
occupation	Tom Marcello has been a jazz photojournalist since the 1970s.	Tom Marcello	photojournalist
occupation	Joan Marcus is a theatrical photographer based in Manhattan, New York, USA.	Joan Marcus	photographer
occupation	Walter Matthau (/ˈmæθaʊ/; October 1, 1920 -- July 1, 2000) was an American actor best known for his role as Oscar Madison in The Odd Couple and his frequent collaborations with Odd Couple co-star Jack Lemmon.	Walter Matthau	actor
occupation	Derek Kerswill (born April 5, in Wilmington, DE) is an American musician best known for his drumming in the bands Unearth, Seemless, Kingdom of Sorrow, and multiple fill-ins/studio projects.	Derek Kerswill	musician
occupation	Robert Wightman is an American actor perhaps best known for replacing Richard Thomas in the role of ``John-Boy Walton'' in the TV series The Waltons.	Robert Wightman	actor
occupation	Ciro Punzo (Naples, February 14, 1850 - 1925) was an Italian painter, mainly of interior scenes of daily life and vedute of churches.	Ciro Punzo	painter
occupation	Sanford Plummer (Ga-yo-gwa-doke) (1905--1974) (Seneca) was a Native American narrative watercolor painter from New York state.	Sanford Plummer	painter
occupation	Rohit Bal is a fashion designer from New Delhi, India.	Rohit Bal	fashion designer
occupation	John Gregory Dunne (May 25, 1932 -- December 30, 2003) was an American novelist, screenwriter and literary critic.	John Gregory Dunne	novelist	screenwriter	literary critic
occupation	Heitor Villa-Lobos (Portuguese: (ejˌtoʁ ˌvilɐ ˈlobus); March 5, 1887 -- November 17, 1959) was a Brazilian composer, described as ``the single most significant creative figure in 20th-century Brazilian art music''.	Heitor Villa-Lobos	composer
occupation	William Boyd Allison Davis (October 14, 1902 -- November 21, 1983) was an American educator, anthropologist, writer, researcher, and scholar.	Allison Davis	anthropologist
occupation	Robert Stack (born Charles Langford Modini Stack, January 13, 1919 -- May 14, 2003) was an American actor, sportsman, and television host.	Robert Stack	actor
occupation	Ashkan Sahihi is an Iranian-American photographer known for his unique photographic series.	Ashkan Sahihi	photographer
occupation	Ajit Iqbal Singh (born 1943) is an Indian mathematician, specialising in functional analysis and harmonic analysis.	Ajit Iqbal Singh	mathematician
occupation	Lew Lipton (1897--1961), was an American screenwriter who was active during the latter part of the silent era and the beginning of the talking picture era.	Lew Lipton	screenwriter
occupation	Matthias Jabs (born October 25, 1955) is a German guitarist and songwriter.	Matthias Jabs	guitarist
occupation	Felice Taylor (born Florian Taylor, January 29, 1948, Richmond, California, United States) is an African American singer, best known for her recordings in the late 1960s.	Felice Taylor	singer
occupation	Alfred Powell Rawlins Hawtin was an English cricketer active from 1902 to 1930 who played for Northamptonshire (Northants).	Rawlins Hawtin	cricketer
occupation	Anthony Terrell Smith (born March 3, 1966), better known by his stage name Tone Lōc or Tone-Lōc /ˈtoʊn ˈloʊk/, is an American rapper and actor.	Tone Lōc	rapper	actor
occupation	Ingvar Svensson, born 1944, is a Swedish Christian democratic politician, member of the Riksdag since 1998.	Ingvar Svensson	politician
occupation	Trinere Veronica Farrington (born November 29, 1964 in Miami, Florida), better known as Trinere, is an American singer, songwriter and recording artist who had several major dance hits in the 1980s and early '90s and who was very influential in the freestyle music genre.	Trinere	singer
occupation	Ferris Foreman (August 24, 1808 - February 11, 1901) was a lawyer, politician, and American soldier during the Mexican American War, as well as a Colonel commanding a Volunteer Regiment and the District of Southern California during the American Civil War.	Ferris Foreman	politician
occupation	Natalie Bookchin is an artist based in Brooklyn, New York.	Natalie Bookchin	artist
occupation	Charles Albert Woods was an associate justice on the South Carolina Supreme Court and then a United States federal judge.	Charles Albert Woods	judge
occupation	John Edward Schwitzer (April 1870 -- January 1911) was assistant chief engineer for the Canadian Pacific Railway in the early 1900s.	John Edward Schwitzer	engineer
occupation	Wallace Geoffrey was a British writer and actor.	Wallace Geoffrey	actor
occupation	Antônio Austregésilo (April 21, 1876 -- December 23, 1960), was a Brazilian neurologist important to the history of the field in his nation.	Antônio Austregésilo	neurologist
occupation	Patrick M. Hughes (born September 19, 1942) is a retired United States Army officer who served the 12th Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.	Patrick M. Hughes	officer
occupation	Hettimulla Appuhamilage Shashikala Dedunu Siriwardene (born 14 February 1985) in Colombo, known as Shashikala Siriwardene, is the Sri Lankan cricketer and current captain of the Sri Lankan women's cricket team.	Shashikala Siriwardene	cricketer
occupation	Ryan Singel is a San Francisco-based blogger and journalist covering tech business, tech policy, civil liberty and privacy issues.	Ryan Singel	journalist
occupation	Wilhelm of Herle (born in Herle in Dutch Limburg at an unknown date in the fourteenth century; time and place of death unknown) was a painter.	Wilhelm of Herle	painter
occupation	Kęstutis Dirgėla (born May 9, 1960, Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian engineer and politician.	Kęstutis Dirgėla	engineer	politician
occupation	Shekhar Sen is a singer, music composer, lyricist and actor.	Shekhar Sen	singer
occupation	William Kapell (September 20, 1922 -- October 29, 1953) was an American pianist and recording artist, killed at the age of 31 in the crash of a commercial airliner returning from a concert tour in Australia.	William Kapell	pianist
occupation	Daniel Frohman (August 22, 1851 -- December 26, 1940) was an American theatrical producer and manager, and an early film producer.	Daniel Frohman	film producer
occupation	Carey Eidel is an American actor, director, and writer.	Carey Eidel	actor
occupation	Ralph Frary (July 3, 1876 -- November 9, 1925) was a professional baseball player and umpire.	Ralph Frary	baseball player
occupation	Maxamed Daahir Afrax (Somali: Maxamed Daahir Afraax, Arabic: محمد طاهر أفرح‎) Ph. D. is a Somali novelist, playwright, journalist and scholar.	Maxamed Daahir Afrax	novelist	playwright	journalist
occupation	A Catholic priest, Peter Serracino Inglott was ordained in Milan by Cardinal Montini, later Pope Paul VI.	Peter Serracino Inglott	Catholic priest
occupation	Gus Heinze (born May 1, 1926 in Bremen, Germany) is an American photorealist painter.	Gus Heinze	painter
occupation	Ophrah Shemesh (December 9, 1952) is an Israeli-American artist, best known for her intense, existentially themed oil and tempera paintings of women and men.	Ophrah Shemesh	artist
occupation	Konrad Wolff (March 11, 1907 -- October 23, 1989) was a German pianist and musicologist.	Konrad Wolff	pianist
occupation	Wang Luming (Chinese: 王鲁明) (November 1915 - September 28, 2005) was a Chinese diplomat.	Wang Luming	diplomat
occupation	James Steven Sadwith (born October 20, 1952) is an American producer, screenwriter, and Emmy Award-winning film director.	James Steven Sadwith	film director
occupation	Sir John Jackson, 1st Baronet (1763--1820) was a British politician and businessman.	Sir John Jackson, 1st Baronet	politician
occupation	Maria Rosa Canelas (July 30, 1941 -- June 10, 2004), better known as Rosinha de Valença, was a Brazilian composer, arranger and musician.	Rosinha de Valença	composer
occupation	Elize Ryd (born October 15, 1984) is a Swedish singer-songwiter, dancer, composer and show artist, best known as one of the three vocalists in the melodic metalcore/power metal band Amaranthe.	Elize Ryd	singer	dancer	composer
occupation	Johnnie Newt (born July 9, 1979) better known by his stage name J. Valentine, is an American R&B singer, and songwriter.	J. Valentine	singer, and songwriter
occupation	Clark Ashton Smith (January 13, 1893 -- August 14, 1961) was a self-educated American poet, sculptor, painter and author of fantasy, horror and science fiction short stories.	Clark Ashton Smith	poet	sculptor	painter
occupation	Gina Berriault (January 1, 1926 -- July 15, 1999), was an American novelist and short story writer.	Gina Berriault	novelist
occupation	Tony Bonello is an Australian professional mixed martial artist and grappler who is currently signed to ONE FC.	Tony Bonello	mixed martial artist
occupation	Du Shenyan (Chinese: 杜審言; pinyin: Dù Shěnyán; Wade--Giles: Tu Shen-yen, ca. 645--708) was a poet of the early Tang dynasty, and one of whose poems was collected in the popular anthology Three Hundred Tang Poems.	Du Shenyan	poet
occupation	John W. Lippitt (April 21, 1822 Adams, Berkshire County, Massachusetts -- May 15, 1896 Solsville, Madison County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	John W. Lippitt	politician
occupation	Damien O'Hagan is a former Tyrone Gaelic football player.	Damien O'Hagan	Gaelic football player
occupation	Harald Bode (October 19, 1909 -- January 15, 1987) was a German engineer and pioneer in the development of electronic music instruments.	Harald Bode	engineer
occupation	Mariano Melgar (1791--1815) was a Peruvian patriot, poet, artist, and warrior for the cause of independence from Spain.	Mariano Melgar	poet
occupation	Anna Maria Nobili is an Italian physicist active in the field of gravitational physics.	Anna Maria Nobili	physicist
occupation	Alfredo Jocelyn-Holt Letelier is a Chilean writer and historian who has gained notoriety by his study of the Chilean elite aristocracy and plutocracy and his criticism of traditional state-centered historiography.	Alfredo Jocelyn-Holt	historian
occupation	Marshall Purnell (born June 8, 1950) is a prominent African-American architect and 2008 president of the American Institute of Architects.	Marshall Purnell	architect
occupation	Chris Sheldon (born 25 September 1962) is a record producer, particularly of rock music based in London, England.	Chris Sheldon	record producer
occupation	Gianetto Cordegliaghi or Gianetto Cordella Aghi, also called il Cordella, (Early 16th century) was an Italian painter, active mainly in Venice.	Gianetto Cordegliaghi	painter
occupation	Evan Rosen is an American author, speaker, business strategist, blogger, and journalist.	Evan Rosen	journalist
occupation	Kurt Laurenz Metzler (born January 26, 1941), Signature ``KLM'', is a Swiss sculptor.	Kurt Laurenz Metzler	sculptor
occupation	Max Whitaker is a UK-based photographer whose work mostly involves people & portraits, often these concern arts subjects.	Max Whitaker	photographer
occupation	Catherine Connolly is an Irish Independent politician.	Catherine Connolly	politician
occupation	Stian Heimlund Skjæveland (born November 19, 1973 in Stavanger) is a Norwegian representational painter and sculptor in the figurative tradition who also draws in black and white.	Stian Heimlund Skjæveland	painter
occupation	Wael Abdul Latif (born c. 1950) is an Iraqi politician from the secular Iraqi National List coalition.	Wael Abdul Latif	politician
occupation	Anton Gag (born Anton Gaag in Walk, Tachau, June 12, 1859 -- New Ulm, May 22, 1908) was a Bohemian-American painter and studio photographer known for his portraits, still lifes, landscapes, and murals.	Anton Gag	painter
occupation	Tobias Kassung (born 1977) is a German classical guitarist and composer.	Tobias Kassung	composer
occupation	Curtis Earle Lang (January 20, 1937 -- December 17, 1998) was a Canadian poet, artist, photographer, seaman, inventor and entrepreneur.	Curtis Earle Lang	photographer
occupation	Saint Tuotilo (Tutilo, Tutilo von Gallen, Tutilo of Gall, Tutilo of Saint Gall) (c.850 -- c.915) was a medieval monk and composer.	Tuotilo	monk	composer
occupation	Catherine Cuthbertson was an English-language novelist published in London in the early 19th century.	Catherine Cuthbertson	novelist
occupation	Lucas Macías Navarro (born in Valverde del Camino, Huelva, August 11, 1978) is a Spanish oboist.	Lucas Macías Navarro	oboist
occupation	Jenny Lou Carson, (January 13, 1915--December 16, 1978), born Virginia Lucille Overstake, was an American country music singer-songwriter and the first woman to write a No. 1 country music hit.	Jenny Lou Carson	singer-songwriter
occupation	Navaneetham Padmanabha Seshadri, popularly known as N. P. Sheshadri, was an Indian musicologist, scholar, administrator and the founder secretary of National Cultural Organization.	Navaneetham Padmanabha Seshadri	musicologist
occupation	Giovanni Giacomo Coleti or Coletti (May 2, 1734 -- August 15, 1827) was an Italian historian and philologist.	Giovanni Giacomo Coleti	historian
occupation	Apiarius of Sicca was an African priest convicted by the Bishops of Africa of numerous unspecified crimes in the early 5th century AD, and excommunicated by Bishop Urbanus of Sicca Veneria.	Apiarius of Sicca	priest
occupation	Steven Weisberg is a film editor who usually collaborates with director Alfonso Cuarón.	Steven Weisberg	film editor
occupation	Kyle Prandi (born June 19, 1979 in Cleveland, Ohio) is an American diver and Olympian from Strongsville, Ohio.	Kyle Prandi	diver
occupation	Enrique Tovar Ávalos was a Mexican film director notable for remaking several Universal Horror films into Spanish language versions.	Enrique Tovar Ávalos	film director
occupation	Šarūnas Liekis is a Lithuanian historian and political scientist.	Šarūnas Liekis	historian
occupation	Julia Spencer-Fleming (born 1961) is an American novelist of Mystery fiction.	Julia Spencer-Fleming	novelist
occupation	Charles A. Hufnagel, M.D. (August 15, 1916--May 31, 1989) was an American surgeon who in the early 1950s invented the first artificial heart valve.	Charles A. Hufnagel	surgeon
occupation	Ernst Evald Bergroth (April 1, 1857 -- November 22, 1925) was a Finnish physician and amateur entomologist.	Ernst Evald Bergroth	entomologist
occupation	Maurice Weiner (August 18, 1930 -- September 30, 2012) was an American politician who served as Deputy Mayor of Los Angeles under Mayor Tom Bradley.	Maurice Weiner	politician
occupation	Jama Musse Jama (Somali: Jaamac Muuse Jaamac, Arabic: جامع موسى جامع‎) (b. 1967) is a prominent Somali ethnomathematician and author.	Jama Musse Jama	author
occupation	Otto Buck (born 15 November 1876) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Otto Buck	Australian rules footballer
occupation	Michael Gilday (born January 5, 1987) is a former Canadian short track speed skater from Yellowknife, Northwest Territories.	Michael Gilday	speed skater
occupation	Yakov Kasman (b. February 24, 1967) is a Russian classical pianist, professor of piano, and artist-in-residence at the University of Alabama at Birmingham.	Yakov Kasman	pianist
occupation	Alan Robert Rogowski (born September 22, 1942), better known by his ring name of Ole Anderson, is an American retired professional wrestler and a promoter.	Ole Anderson	professional wrestler
occupation	Juan Almeida Bosque (February 17, 1927 -- September 11, 2009) was a Cuban politician and one of the original commanders of the insurgent forces in the Cuban Revolution.	Juan Almeida Bosque	politician
occupation	Michael Anesko is an U.S. literary critic, writer and professor.	Michael Anesko	writer
occupation	Kristine Peterson is a film director who worked as an assistant director and second unit director on several films as well as directing her own films in the late 80s and 90s.	Kristine Peterson	film director
occupation	Phoebe Kreutz is a singer-songwriter, primarily associated with the anti-folk scene of New York City, but also known for her theater and television work.	Phoebe Kreutz	singer
occupation	Shaukat Mahmood (Bengali: শওকত মাহমুদ), also spelled as Shawkat Mahmud is a Bangladeshi journalist.	Shaukat Mahmood	journalist
occupation	Abou Elela Mady (Arabic: أبو العلا ماضي‎) (born 3 April 1952) is an Egyptian engineer and politician.	Abou Elela Mady	engineer
occupation	Takehiko Bessho (別所 毅彦 Bessho Takehiko, October 1, 1922 -June 24, 1999 ), born Akira Bessho (別所昭, Bessho Akira), was a Japanese baseball player whose professional career as a player lasted from 1942 until 1960.	Takehiko Bessho	baseball player
occupation	Tamás Meggyes (born March 7, 1967) is a Hungarian politician, who served as mayor of Esztergom between 1999 and 2010.	Tamás Meggyes	politician
occupation	Richard Coke, Jr. (November 16, 1790 -- March 31, 1851) was a nineteenth-century congressman and lawyer from Virginia.	Richard Coke, Jr.	lawyer
occupation	David Sirlin is an American game designer and fighting game player.	David Sirlin	game designer
occupation	Knud Arne Jürgensen (born July 8, 1952) is a Danish music-, ballet- and theater historian, dramaturg, curator of exhibitions, senior researcher, dr. phil.	Knud Arne Jürgensen	historian
occupation	Lawrence G. Paull (born 1938) is an American neofuturistic production designer and art director.	Lawrence G. Paull	art director
occupation	Aaron Phillip (born January 31, 1974), better known by his stage name Afu-Ra, is a New York-based American underground rapper.	Afu-Ra	rapper
occupation	Tim Spanton is an award-winning UK journalist and amateur international chess player.	Tim Spanton	journalist
occupation	David Zane Mairowitz (born 1943 in New York, United States), is a writer.	David Zane Mairowitz	writer
occupation	Steven Handley (born 23 July 1970) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the AFL during the 1990s.	Steven Handley	Australian rules footballer
occupation	In London Gilbert Shakespeare was a haberdasher, a seller of needlework supplies such as thread, needles, and ribbons, living in the parish of St Bride's.	Gilbert Shakespeare	haberdasher
occupation	Serafino Belfanti (March 28, 1860 -- March 6, 1939) was an Italian immunologist, founder of the Istituto Sieroterapico Milanese, the first Italian medical and vaccine research institute.	Serafino Belfanti	immunologist
occupation	Andry Laffita Fernández (born March 26, 1978 in Pinar del Río) is a retired Cuban amateur boxer.	Andry Laffita	boxer
occupation	Hàng Lâm Trang Anh (born January 14, 1990), known by her stage name Suboi, is a Vietnamese rapper, singer, and songwriter.	Suboi	singer
occupation	Fred Fortin (born Joseph Antoine Frédéric Fortin Perron on May 5, 1971 in Dolbeau-Mistassini, Quebec) is a Canadian rock singer-songwriter.	Fred Fortin	singer
occupation	Joseph Kinsey Howard (February 28, 1906 -- August 25, 1951) was an American journalist, historian, and author, who wrote extensively about the history, culture, and economic circumstances of Montana.	Joseph Kinsey Howard	historian
occupation	Redd Velvet (born Crystal Tucker, December 29, 1968, Omaha, Nebraska, United States) is an American blues and soul singer, best known for her unconventional entrance into the music industry.	Redd Velvet	singer
occupation	Charles Evenden, soldier, cartoonist, and author, is probably best remembered as the founder and guiding inspiration of the ex-servicemen organisation known as the Memorable Order of Tin Hats.	Charles Evenden	cartoonist
occupation	Dorothy Davenport (March 13, 1895 -- October 12, 1977) was an American actress, screenwriter, film director, and producer who appeared in silent film for Biograph Studios under the direction of D.W. Griffith.	Dorothy Davenport	screenwriter	film director
occupation	Cole South is a 27-year-old professional poker player, author, and entrepreneur from Washington, DC. South is best known for his play online, though he has also made television appearances on Poker After Dark in season 5 of the show.	Cole South	poker player
occupation	Shana Hiatt (born 17 December 1975) is an American model and presenter who has appeared in several magazines.	Shana Hiatt	model	presenter
occupation	Michael Arthur Herrera (born November 6, 1976), known professionally as Mike Herrera, is an American singer, songwriter, musician, and bass guitarist, most widely known as the lead vocalist, bass guitarist, and composer for the punk band MxPx.	Mike Herrera	singer
occupation	Darris Kilgour is a former professional lacrosse player and coach.	Darris Kilgour	lacrosse player
occupation	Ryan Quinn (born January 22, 1987) is an American professional mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the lightweight division of Titan FC.	Ryan Quinn	mixed martial artist
occupation	Pauline de Rothschild (née Potter; December 31, 1908 -- March 8, 1976) was a writer, a fashion designer, and, with her second husband, a translator of both Elizabethan poetry and the plays of Christopher Fry.	Pauline de Rothschild	designer
occupation	Joel Polis (born October 3, 1951) is an American television, film and stage actor.	Joel Polis	actor
occupation	The Master of the Malchin Altar (German: Meister des Malchiner Altar) was a northern German Late Gothic painter who was active in Hamburg in the first half of the 15th century.	Master of the Malchin Altar	painter
occupation	William A. Lord (August 28, 1849 -- August 21, 1927) was a Vermont lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives.	William A. Lord	lawyer	politician
occupation	Hansjörg Knauthe (born July 13, 1944 in Geising) is a retired East German biathlete, who competed at the Olympics.	Hansjörg Knauthe	biathlete
occupation	Francis Strother Lyon (February 25, 1800 -- December 31, 1882) was a prominent Alabama attorney and politician.	Francis Strother Lyon	politician
occupation	Steve Guyger (born September 12, 1952) is an American Chicago blues harmonica player, singer, and songwriter.	Steve Guyger	singer
occupation	Lenka Dusilová (born December 28, 1975) is a Czech Angel Award-winning singer-songwriter.	Lenka Dusilová	singer
occupation	Charlie Bisharat is an American Grammy-winning violinist who has toured and/or recorded with numerous notable artists.	Charlie Bisharat	violinist
occupation	Mou Zongsan (Chinese: 牟宗三; pinyin: Móu Zōngsān; Wade--Giles: Mou Tsungsan, 1909--1995) was a Chinese New Confucian philosopher.	Mou Zongsan	philosopher
occupation	Gérard Pierre-Charles (December 18, 1935, Jacmel -- October 11, 2004, Cuba) was a Haitian politician and former leader of the Unified Party of Haitian Communists.	Gérard Pierre-Charles	politician
occupation	Wade McCollum is an American film actor, stage actor and composer/musician.	Wade McCollum	actor
occupation	Raul Amaya (born February 2, 1986) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator's welterweight division.	Raul Amaya	mixed martial artist
occupation	Alfred Jacob Miller (January 2, 1810 -- June 26, 1874) was an American painter and sketcher best known for his paintings concerning the northwestern United States.	Alfred Jacob Miller	painter
occupation	Mel Carter (born April 22, 1939, Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American singer and actor.	Mel Carter	singer	actor
occupation	Tim Lucas (born May 30, 1956) is a film critic, biographer, novelist, screenwriter, blogger, and publisher/editor of the video review magazine Video Watchdog.	Tim Lucas	novelist
occupation	Shadi Petosky (born September 18, 1974) is an American comics author, designer, and television animator.	Shadi Petosky	animator
occupation	Richard Fleischner is a Providence, RI based environmental artist.	Richard Fleischner	artist
occupation	Martin Iveson is a British composer known for his audio work within the video games industry and better known for his contributions to the world of music releases.	Martin Iveson	composer
occupation	Carwyn Davies (1964--1997) is a former Welsh international rugby union player.	Carwyn Davies	rugby union player
occupation	Niccola Ricciolini (born 1637, date of death unknown) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Niccola Ricciolini	painter
occupation	Fiona Fairhurst is the inventor of the Speedo Fastskin swimsuit.	Fiona Fairhurst	inventor
occupation	Rod MacDonald (born August 17, 1948) is an American singer-songwriter, novelist, and educator.	Rod MacDonald	singer
occupation	Essie Kelley-Washington (born January 12, 1957) is an American former middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800-meter run.	Essie Kelley	middle-distance runner
occupation	Farkhunda Zahra Naderi (Dari: فرخنده زهرا نادری) is an Afghan politician.	Farkhunda Zahra Naderi	politician
occupation	Washington Gardner (February 16, 1845 -- March 31, 1928) was a lawyer, minister, politician and Civil War veteran from the U.S. state of Michigan.	Washington Gardner	politician
occupation	Budd Mishkin (born 1959) is a television host and correspondent for New York's 24-hour news network, NY1.	Budd Mishkin	correspondent
occupation	Kay Burley (born 1961) is an English television newsreader and presenter.	Kay Burley	presenter
occupation	Guy Sigsworth is a British composer, producer and songwriter.	Guy Sigsworth	composer	songwriter
occupation	Justice Smith (August 9, 1995) is an American film and television actor, best known for playing Radar in the film Paper Towns.	Justice Smith	actor
occupation	Carolyn Fluehr-Lobban is an anthropologist and Sudanist and a founder and past president of the Sudan Studies Association.	Carolyn Fluehr-Lobban	anthropologist
occupation	Sidney E. King (August 22, 1906 - April 24, 2002) was an American painter and art teacher who lived in Massachusetts and Virginia.	Sidney E. King	painter
occupation	Shreya Guhathakurta (শ্রেয়া গুহঠাকুরতা) (February 3, 1975) is an Indian Rabindra Sangeet singer.	Shreya Guhathakurta	singer
occupation	Jacqueline Logan (November 30, 1904 -- April 4, 1983) was a star of the silent motion picture screen who was on board William Randolph Hearst's yacht the Oneida in 1924 when film director Thomas Ince died.	Jacqueline Logan	film director
occupation	Quintin Hoare is a British leftist intellectual and literary translator.	Quintin Hoare	translator
occupation	Tõnu Kalam is an American orchestral pianist and conductor.	Tõnu Kalam	conductor
occupation	Angelo Dundee (born Angelo Mirena; August 30, 1921 -- February 1, 2012) was an American boxing trainer and cornerman.	Angelo Dundee	boxing trainer
occupation	Roger Huerta (born May 20, 1983), is an American mixed martial artist.	Roger Huerta	mixed martial artist
occupation	Noémie Lafrance (born November 22, 1973) is a Canadian-born choreographer living and working in New York since 1994.	Noémie Lafrance	choreographer
occupation	Thomas N. Soffron (December 10, 1907 -- February 21, 2004) was the clam digger and restaurateur who created the fried clam strip.	Thomas N. Soffron	restaurateur
occupation	Darby Slick is an American guitarist and songwriter, best known as a former member of The Great Society, and as the writer of the Jefferson Airplane song, ``Somebody to Love''.	Darby Slick	songwriter
occupation	Linda Gordon is an American feminist and historian.	Linda Gordon	historian
occupation	The Urxed was exclusively a live performance-only musician, with exception to two compilation appearances, and various remix work, until November 2011, when a split 12`` with Stephen Steven, was released by PPM Records.	The Urxed	musician
occupation	Selma George is an Indian film singer in Malayalam cinema during the 1970s.	Selma George	singer
occupation	James W. Plummer (January 29, 1920 -- January 16, 2013) was an engineer who served as the fifth Director of the National Reconnaissance Office.	James W. Plummer	engineer
occupation	Epic Mazur (born Bret Hadley Mazur on August 31, 1970) is an American vocalist, rapper, and record producer.	Epic Mazur	record producer
occupation	Russell Martingell (details of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer who was associated with Surrey and made his first-class debut in 1828.	Russell Martingell	cricketer
occupation	Jesper Ahle (born February 13, 1981) is a Danish handball player who plays for Danish Handball League side Team Tvis Holstebro.	Jesper Ahle	handball player
occupation	Edmund Horne of Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.	Edmund Horne	politician
occupation	Mel Kendrick (born July 28, 1949), is an American artist, known primarily for his sculptural work in wood, bronze, rubber, paper and, most recently, cast concrete.	Mel Kendrick	artist
occupation	Mahmud ibn Sa'ad was an architect who lived in 13th-14th centuries.	Mahmud ibn Sa'ad	architect
occupation	Peter Riegel is an American research engineer who developed a mathematical formula for predicting race times for runners and other athletes given a certain performance at another distance.	Peter Riegel	engineer
occupation	José Ron (born August 8, 1981), is a Mexican television actor.	José Ron	actor
occupation	Phil Moy, like his twin brother Jeff Moy, is a professional comic book artist.	Phil Moy	artist
occupation	Anne Lorne Gillies (Scottish Gaelic: Anna Latharna NicGillìosa) is a singer, writer and Gaelic activist.	Anne Lorne Gillies	singer
occupation	Ajai Lall is a Christian preacher and missionary in India.	Ajai Lall	missionary
occupation	Cassandra O'Neal (born Cassandra Louise O'Neal on January 17, 1973) is an American musician, composer, and producer.	Cassandra O'Neal	composer
occupation	Gunturu Seshendra Sarma B.A. B.L. (October 20, 1927 -- May 30, 2007), also known as Yuga Kavi, was a Telugu poet, critic and litterateur.	Gunturu Seshendra Sarma	poet
occupation	The Honourable A. Catherine Everett, formerly a judge of the Provincial Court of Manitoba, was appointed to the Family Division of the Court of Queen's Bench of Manitoba on November 23, 2006.	A. Catherine Everett	judge
occupation	Najibullah Quraishi is an award winning Afghan journalist and filmmaker.	Najibullah Quraishi	journalist
occupation	Jason Suecof (born April 3, 1980) is an American record producer, mixer, guitarist and song-writer.	Jason Suecof	record producer
occupation	Franklin Freeman Randall, known by his stage name Fly Young Red is an American rapper who gained notoriety due to his controversial song ``Throw That Boy Pussy''.	Fly Young Red	rapper
occupation	Jacob Cox (November 9, 1810 -- January 2, 1892) was a landscape and portrait painter in Indianapolis, Indiana, US.	Jacob Cox	painter
occupation	Paul Bertolli is a chef, writer, and artisan food producer in the San Francisco Bay area of California.	Paul Bertolli	chef
occupation	Giorgio Antoniotto (Giorgio Antoniotto d’Adurni), (1680--1766), was an Italian musician, who is noted as the author of a musical treatise, L’arte armonica, and as an early composer of music for violoncello.	Giorgio Antoniotto	composer
occupation	Bear McCreary (born February 17, 1979) is an American composer and musician living in Los Angeles, California.	Bear McCreary	composer	musician
occupation	Richard Herd, Jr. (born September 26, 1932) is an American actor in television and film.	Richard Herd	actor
occupation	Jean-Baptiste Quéruel (1779--1845) was the inventor of the method for industrial production of sugar from beet.	Jean-Baptiste Quéruel	inventor
occupation	William Irwin Grubb (March 8, 1862 -- October 27, 1935) was a United States federal judge who struck down key portions of President Roosevelt's New Deal.	William Irwin Grubb	judge
occupation	Michelangelo Spada (active 1730) was an Italian painter in Verona.	Michelangelo Spada	painter
occupation	Désiré Collen (born 21 June 1943) is a Belgian physician and chemist.	Désiré Collen	physician
occupation	Dennis Clontz (April 10, 1951 -- June 14, 2004) was an American playwright, journalist, and screenwriter.	Dennis Clontz	journalist
occupation	Matthew Diamond (born November 26, 1951) is an American film and television director, producer and choreographer.	Matthew Diamond	television director	choreographer
occupation	Trey Gunn (born December 13, 1960) is an American musician, known for his membership in progressive rock band King Crimson from 1994 to 2003, playing Warr Guitar and Chapman Stick.	Trey Gunn	musician
occupation	Tony Yazbeck is an American actor, singer, and dancer, best known for his work on the Broadway stage including the 2014 revival of On the Town for which he received 2015 Tony Award and Outer Critics Circle Award nominations for lead actor in a musical.	Tony Yazbeck	actor
occupation	Jason McGerr is an American musician, best known as the drummer for the band Death Cab for Cutie.	Jason McGerr	drummer
occupation	Tad Hilgenbrink (born Tad M. Hilgenbrinck, October 9, 1981) is an American actor, known for his role as Matt Stifler in American Pie Presents:	Tad Hilgenbrink	actor
occupation	Gabriele Taylor is a philosopher and university teacher.	Gabriele Taylor	philosopher
occupation	Christine Bestland (born April 28, 1992) is an ice hockey player for the Mercyhurst Lakers women's ice hockey program.	Christine Bestland	ice hockey player
occupation	Fritz Sdunek (pronounced zdoo-neck, April 18, 1947 -- December 22, 2014) was a German professional boxing trainer and previously an amateur boxer.	Fritz Sdunek	boxer
occupation	Josh Stolberg (born March 7, 1971) is an American film director, screenwriter, and photographer.	Josh Stolberg	film director	screenwriter
occupation	Ewald Walch (born August 18, 1940) was an Austrian luger who competed from the mid-1950s to the early 1970s.	Ewald Walch	luger
occupation	Kerstin Alm (born May 9, 1949) is a politician of the autonomous Åland Islands.	Kerstin Alm	politician
occupation	George Getz Shumard (1823--1867) was an American geologist and surgeon.	George Getz Shumard	geologist	surgeon
occupation	Francisco Hernández Tomé (d.1872) was a Spanish mural painter who decorated the interiors of many churches and theatres in Madrid.	Francisco Hernández Tomé	painter
occupation	C. A. Stephens (born Charles Asbury Stevens, October 21, 1844 -- September 22, 1931) was an American writer of short stories and articles.	C. A. Stephens	writer
occupation	Douglas Huebler (October 27, 1924 -- July 12, 1997) was an American conceptual artist.	Douglas Huebler	artist
occupation	Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford, KA, PC (born March 24, 1937) is a Barbadian politician.	Lloyd Erskine Sandiford	politician
occupation	Henry Munn is a writer and poet who studied the use of hallucinogenic plants by the Conibo Indians of eastern Peru and also the Mazatec Indians of the mountains of Oaxaca.	Henry Munn	writer	poet
occupation	Robert Victor Evan Wong (July 4, 1895 - October 19, 1952) was a politician, civil engineer, rancher and businessman, elected to the British Guiana legislature in 1926 and 1934, and appointed to its Executive Council in 1928.	Robert Victor Evan Wong	politician	civil engineer	rancher
occupation	Sydnee Michaels (born June 15, 1988) is an American professional golfer currently playing on the LPGA Tour as of 2012.	Sydnee Michaels	golfer
occupation	Thomas Blacket Stephens (1819--1877) was an alderman and mayor of Brisbane Municipal Council, a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council.	Thomas Blacket Stephens	alderman	Member of the Legislative Assembly
occupation	Lil' Wil (born Wil Martin, March 25, 1987) is an American rapper, born in New Orleans, Louisiana and raised in Dallas, Texas.	Lil' Wil	rapper
occupation	Janet Kauffman (born June 10, 1945) is an American novelist, poet, and mixed media artist.	Janet Kauffman	novelist
occupation	Marcus Deen (born 5 August 1973) is a former Dutch figure skater.	Marcus Deen	figure skater
occupation	Elinor Burkett (born October 9, 1946) is an American journalist, author, film producer, and documentary director.	Elinor Burkett	journalist	film producer
occupation	Yulia Belokobylskaya (Russian: Юлия Белокобыльская) (born December 14, 1995) is a Russian former artistic gymnast and was the Russian national champion in the floor exercise in 2011.	Yulia Belokobylskaya	artistic gymnast
occupation	Fabio Novembre (October 21, 1966) is an Italian architect and designer.	Fabio Novembre	architect	designer
occupation	Allan Gurganus is an American novelist, short story writer, and essayist whose work, which includes Oldest Living Confederate Widow Tells All and Local Souls, is often influenced by and set in his native North Carolina.	Allan Gurganus	novelist	writer
occupation	John Herzfeld is an American film and television director, screenwriter, actor and producer.	John Herzfeld	screenwriter
occupation	Maxine D. Brown is an American computer scientist and associate director of the Electronic Visualization Laboratory (EVL) at the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC).	Maxine D. Brown	computer scientist
occupation	Koren Shadmi was born in Israel, where he worked as an illustrator and cartoonist for various magazines.	Koren Shadmi	cartoonist
occupation	Bargil Pixner (March 23, 1921 -- April 5, 2002) was an ethnically German, yet politically Italian, Benedictine monk, Biblical scholar and archaeologist, and Benedictine authority on the Dead Sea scrolls.	Bargil Pixner	archaeologist
occupation	Robert Lissauer (May 1, 1917 -- October 14, 2004) was an American composer, author, and musicologist.	Robert Lissauer	composer	musicologist
occupation	Srđan Šajn (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Шајн, Romani: Srdjan Šajn; born March 28, 1963) is a Serbian politician.	Srđan Šajn	politician
occupation	Ciarán McGann is an Irish hurler from Castlelyons in County Cork.	Ciarán McGann	hurler
occupation	Loula Anagnostaki (born ca 1935-1940) is a Greek writer.	Loula Anagnostaki	writer
occupation	John Mankiewicz (born February 18, 1954) is an American television and film executive producer and screenwriter.	John Mankiewicz	executive producer	screenwriter
occupation	Ferenc Anisits (born December 23, 1938) is a Hungarian engineer, engine developer.	Ferenc Anisits	engineer
occupation	Herb Dean (born September 30, 1970) is an American mixed martial arts referee and former fighter.	Herb Dean	referee
occupation	Georgia Wettlin Larsen is a Nakota singer who has released several discs featuring Native American songs.	Georgia Wettlin Larsen	singer
occupation	Michael Bisio (March 4, 1955 Troy, New York) is an American jazz double bass player, composer and bandleader.	Michael Bisio	composer	bandleader
occupation	Charles Corbett Powell Wilson was a Victorian engineer and public servant, responsible for construction and Maintenance of bridges in Western Region of Victoria, Australia.	Charles Corbett Powell Wilson	engineer
occupation	Mike Gunn (born 1964) is a British stand-up comedian, presenter, actor, writer, and voiceover artiste.	Mike Gunn	comedian	actor
occupation	Tyler Perry (born Emmitt Perry Jr.; September 13, 1969) is an American actor, producer, director, screenwriter, playwright, author, and songwriter, specializing in the gospel genre.	Tyler Perry	actor	screenwriter	playwright	songwriter
occupation	John Gould Fletcher (January 3, 1886 -- May 10, 1950) was an Imagist poet (the first Southern poet to win the Pulitzer Prize), author and authority on modern painting.	John Gould Fletcher	poet
occupation	Daniel Coronell is a Colombian journalist and Vice President of News for Univision in the United States.	Daniel Coronell	journalist
occupation	Alberto Fernández de Rosa (Spanish pronunciation: (alˈβerto ferˈnandes ðe ˈrosa); born in 1944) is an experienced Argentine actor.	Alberto Fernández de Rosa	actor
occupation	Meri Wilson Edgmon (June 15, 1949 -- December 28, 2002), known professionally as Meri Wilson, was a model and singer-songwriter, best known for singing double entendre novelty songs.	Meri Wilson	singer
occupation	Shane Rimmer (born 28 May 1929) is a Canadian actor and voice actor, known for providing the voice of Scott Tracy in the British television series Thunderbirds (1965--66).	Shane Rimmer	actor
occupation	John Mark Nelson (born November 23, 1993) is a songwriter and producer based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	John Mark Nelson	songwriter
occupation	Dijon Prioleau (born December 19, 1992), known as Dijon, is an American gospel singer.	Dijon Prioleau	singer
occupation	Eric Oemig was an American politician from Washington state, who served as a Democrat in the Washington State Senate.	Eric Oemig	politician
occupation	Víctor Hugo Cárdenas Conde (born 1951) is a Bolivian indigenous Aymara activist and politician.	Víctor Hugo Cárdenas	politician
occupation	Shaun Casey (born January 7, 1954) is a former model active from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s.	Shaun Casey	model
occupation	Chuck Oberstein (December 18, 1935 -- May 8, 2002) was an American painter, best known for clown paintings.	Chuck Oberstein	painter
occupation	Benjamin Chertoff is a journalist, photographer and video producer.	Benjamin Chertoff	journalist
occupation	Michael Ann Holly is an American art historian renowned for her work on historiography and the theory of art history.	Michael Ann Holly	art historian
occupation	Joe Enook is a Canadian politician, who was elected to represent the district of Tunnuniq in the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut in a by-election on September 12, 2011.	Joe Enook	politician
occupation	Stephan Güsgen (born March 26, 1962 in Dormagen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a retired West German swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.	Stephan Güsgen	swimmer
occupation	Dean Scofield (born January 12, 1957, Alhambra, California) is a voice actor who has provided the voice of the recurring ``joke character'' Johnny Sasaki in Metal Gear Solid, Metal Gear Solid:	Dean Scofield	voice actor
occupation	Brockton McKinney is an American comic book writer, short story author and horror film screenwriter.	Brockton McKinney	screenwriter
occupation	Abdul Rahman Jassim is a Bahraini modern pentathlete.	Abdul Rahman Jassim	modern pentathlete
occupation	Ambrose Lam San-keung (Chinese: 林新強) is a Hong Kong solicitor who served as the President of the Law Society of Hong Kong from 2013 until his resignation in 2014.	Ambrose Lam	solicitor
occupation	Cornelius Ambrosius Logan (born Baltimore, Maryland, May 4, 1806; died on the Ohio River near Wheeling, then in the state of Virginia, February 22, 1853) was an American actor, playwright, and journalist who was father to a famous family of actresses and writers.	Cornelius Ambrosius Logan	actor
occupation	Doris Kearns Goodwin (born January 4, 1943) is an American biographer, historian, and political commentator.	Doris Kearns Goodwin	historian
occupation	In 2008, Valdo Randpere won the Estonian version of the Just the Two of Us (Laulud Tähtedega) reality television singing contest in duet with Estonian singer Eda-Ines Etti.	Valdo Randpere	singer
occupation	Rick Lewers is a bishop in the Anglican Church of Australia.	Rick Lewers	bishop
occupation	Gustav Langenscheidt (October 21, 1832 -- November 11, 1895) was a German language teacher, book publisher, and the founder of Langenscheidt Publishing Group.	Gustav Langenscheidt	publisher
occupation	Ota Kulhánek, born 1935, is a Czech seismologist who currently resides in Uppsala, Sweden, where he is emeritus professor of geophysics at Uppsala University.	Ota Kulhánek	seismologist
occupation	Gareth Myles is a British academic economist.	Gareth Myles	economist
occupation	Theodosia Tsatsou (Greek: Θεοδοσία Τσάτσου) is a Greek singer, known for her songs with the band ``Ble'', and also for her solo career.	Theodosia Tsatsou	singer
occupation	Aaron Craze is an English celebrity chef who often appears in the ITV Food series Saturday Cookbook.	Aaron Craze	chef
occupation	Dawn Holden is an English cricketer and a former member of the England women's cricket team .	Dawn Holden	cricketer
occupation	Enrique Pinti (born October 7, 1939 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine actor and comedian.	Enrique Pinti	actor
occupation	Harrison Carroll Hobart (January 31, 1815 - January 23, 1902) was a colonel in the Union Army during the American Civil War and a lawyer and politician in the state of Wisconsin.	Harrison Carroll Hobart	politician
occupation	Zdeněk Košler (March 25, 1928 -- July 2, 1995) was a Czech conductor, who played an important role in Czech musical life of the second half of 20th century, notably during the sixties and the eighties.	Zdeněk Košler	conductor
occupation	Salvador Mazza (June 6, 1886 -- November 9, 1946) was a noted Argentine physician and epidemiologist, best known for his strides in helping control American trypanosomiasisan endemic disease among the rural, poor majority of early 20th century South America.	Salvador Mazza	physician	epidemiologist
occupation	C. Bradford Welles (August 9, 1901 -- October 8, 1969) was an American Classicist and ancient historian, born in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.	C. Bradford Welles	historian
occupation	Angus MacInnis (September 2, 1884 -- March 3, 1964) was a socialist politician and Canadian parliamentarian.	Angus MacInnis	politician
occupation	Emre Aydın (born February 2, 1981) is a Turkish rock singer-songwriter.	Emre Aydın	singer-songwriter
occupation	Frans Ceusters is a Flemish television writer.	Frans Ceusters	writer
occupation	Kerry S. Harris (born December 8, 1969) is an American entrepreneur and inventor.	Kerry S. Harris	entrepreneur
occupation	Ben Feleo (January 24, 1926 -- September 21, 2011) was a Filipino film director and screenwriters who directed more than forty films.	Ben Feleo	film director
occupation	Chai Songyue (Chinese: 柴松岳; November, 1941) is a politician of the People's Republic of China.	Chai Songyue	politician
occupation	Bob Avian (born December 26, 1937) is an American choreographer, theatrical producer, and stage director.	Bob Avian	choreographer
occupation	Margaret Nagle (born January 12, 1969) is a screenwriter, television producer and human rights activist.	Margaret Nagle	screenwriter
occupation	Jonathan Corwin (also Curwin or Corwen, November 14, 1640 -- June 9, 1718) was a wealthy New England merchant, politician, and magistrate.	Jonathan Corwin	merchant	magistrate
occupation	Aaron Kraten is a mixed media artist situated in Cookeville, Tennessee.	Aaron Kraten	artist
occupation	Helen Donaldson (born 14 March 1968 in Rockhampton, Queensland) is an Australian opera singer best known for her performances of the heroines in Gilbert and Sullivan operas.	Helen Donaldson	opera singer
occupation	Nicolas-Ignace de Beaubois (October 15, 1689 -- January 13, 1770) was a French Jesuit priest and missionary who joined the Canadian mission in Quebec in 1719.	Nicolas-Ignace de Beaubois	missionary
occupation	Noga Nir-Kistler (May 18, 1979) is an Israeli born American Paralympic swimmer and table tennis player who won 2 silver medals at the 2007 Parapan American Games for table tennis singles and doubles.	Noga Nir-Kistler	table tennis player
occupation	Kris Fillat (Buchanan) (born November 7, 1970, in San Diego, California) is a former field hockey player from the United States, who made her international senior debut for the Women's National Team in 1990.	Kris Fillat	field hockey player
occupation	Emily Jenkins (born 1967), who sometimes uses the pen name E. Lockhart, is an American writer of children's picture books, young-adult novels, and adult fiction.	E. Lockhart	writer
occupation	Benjamin Ferris (August 7, 1780 - November 9, 1867) was a watchmaker and historian from Wilmington, Delaware.	Benjamin Ferris	historian
occupation	Isaac Wilbour (April 25, 1763 -- October 4, 1837) was an American politician from Rhode Island holding several offices, including the sixth Governor of the state.	Isaac Wilbour	politician
occupation	Henry Bond Fargo (August 29, 1843 -- December 1, 1932) was an American politician and businessman who spent most of his professional career in Geneva, Illinois.	Henry Bond Fargo	politician
occupation	Hogan Sheffer (born Mark Wayne Sheffer on June 12, 1958) is an American screenwriter.	Hogan Sheffer	screenwriter
occupation	Aziz Sait was an Indian politician, who served in the council of ministers of Karnataka state.	Aziz Sait	politician
occupation	Janice Miller is an American singer who sings in Urdu, Punjabi and Hindi despite not speaking a word of any of the languages.	Janice Miller	singer
occupation	Harry Sternberg was an American painter, printmaker and educator.	Harry Sternberg	painter
occupation	George Henry Burgess (June 8, 1831 -- April 22, 1905) was an English landscape painter, wood engraver and lithographer.	George Henry Burgess	painter	lithographer
occupation	John Roddick (born July 4, 1976) is an American former professional tennis player and the current head tennis coach at the University of Oklahoma.	John Roddick	tennis player
occupation	Jessica Dougherty is a modern pin-up artist born in 1975, notable for being featured artist in a number of art and tattoo books and magazines.	Jessica Dougherty	artist
occupation	Matt O'Gara is a former hurler from Toomevara, County Tipperary, Ireland.	Matt O'Gara	hurler
occupation	Christopher E. Gerty (born October 19, 1975) is an American aerospace engineer who worked on NASA's Constellation Program.	Christopher E. Gerty	aerospace engineer
occupation	Ali Abdi Aware (Somali: Cali Cabdi Aware, Arabic: علي عبدي العور‎) is a Somali politician.	Ali Abdi Aware	politician
occupation	Bruno Courcelle is a French mathematician and computer scientist, best known for Courcelle's theorem in graph theory.	Bruno Courcelle	mathematician	computer scientist
occupation	From 1986 to 1989, after working in the scientific literature seminar of Babes-Bolyai University, Géza Szőcs went into political exile in Switzerland, where he worked in Geneva as a journalist.	Géza Szőcs	journalist
occupation	Bill Kurtis (born William Horton Kuretich; September 21, 1940) is an American television journalist, producer, narrator, and news anchor.	Bill Kurtis	journalist
occupation	Dr. Min Chueh Chang (simplified Chinese: 张明觉; traditional Chinese: 張明覺; pinyin: Zhāng Míngjué, October 10, 1908 -- June 5, 1991), often credited as M.C. Chang, was a Chinese-born American reproductive biologist.	Min Chueh Chang	biologist
occupation	Ernesto Alonso (February 28, 1917 -- August 7, 2007) was a Mexican producer, director, cinematographer and actor.	Ernesto Alonso	cinematographer	actor
occupation	Mark Picchiotti is a club DJ, producer and songwriter based out of Chicago, Illinois.	Mark Picchiotti	songwriter
occupation	Clement A. Riley (November 20, 1905 -- May 31, 1988) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the Massachusetts Registrar of Motor Vehicles from 1957-1963.	Clement A. Riley	politician
occupation	Juan de Santa Gertrudis was sent as a missionary to South America in 1757 and between 1758 and 1767 during his evangelizing, he founded a mission in Putumayo Department called Agustinillo.	Juan de Santa Gertrudis	missionary
occupation	Chen Chien-liang (Chinese: 陳建良; pinyin: Wú Míngjī) is a politician in the Republic of China.	Chen Chien-liang	politician
occupation	Brooke Waggoner (born May 30, 1984) is an American singer-songwriter from New Orleans, Louisiana, who resides in Nashville, Tennessee.	Brooke Waggoner	singer-songwriter
occupation	George Branham III (born November 21, 1962 in Detroit, Michigan) is a professional ten-pin bowler and former member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA).	George Branham III	bowler
occupation	Jerzy Żurawlew (December 25, 1886 -- October 3, 1980) was a Polish pianist, conductor, teacher, and founder of the International Chopin Piano Competition.	Jerzy Żurawlew	pianist	conductor
occupation	Symeon Cosburn is an accomplished jazz singer born in London, England.	Symeon Cosburn	singer
occupation	João Simões Lopes Neto (March 9, 1865 -- June 14, 1916) was a Brazilian regionalist writer of Rio Grande Do Sul.	João Simões Lopes Neto	writer
occupation	Nabil Al Fadl (1949 -- December 22, 2015) was a Kuwaiti politician who was a member of the Kuwaiti National Assembly and a columnist with the Al-Watan newspaper.	Nabil Al Fadl	politician
occupation	Tim O'Malley (born 3 July 1944) is an Irish former Progressive Democrats politician.	Tim O'Malley	politician
occupation	John Guth (born June 21, 1981) is a professional poker player from Vancouver, Washington who won a bracelet at the World Championship Limit Omaha-8 event at the 2007 World Series of Poker.	John Guth	poker player
occupation	William Dwight Whitney (/ˈwɪtni/; February 9, 1827--June 7, 1894) was an American linguist, philologist, and lexicographer who edited The Century Dictionary.	William Dwight Whitney	linguist	lexicographer
occupation	Joseph-Edmond Roy (December 7, 1858 -- May 8, 1913) was a Quebec notary, editor, historian and political figure.	Joseph-Edmond Roy	historian
occupation	Louis Quinn (March 23, 1915 -- September 14, 1988) was an American television and film actor, best known for his role as Roscoe from 1958 to 1963 in the ABC/Warner Brothers detective television series, 77 Sunset Strip.	Louis Quinn	actor
occupation	Walter Edwin Arnoldi (New York, December 14, 1917-October 5, 1995) was an American engineer mainly known for the Arnoldi iteration, an eigenvalue algorithm used in numerical linear algebra.	Walter Edwin Arnoldi	engineer
occupation	Quan Hansheng (simplified Chinese: 全汉升; traditional Chinese: 全漢昇; pinyin: Quán Hànshēng; Wade--Giles: Chu'an Han-Sheng, Chuan Han-Sheng September 19, 1912 -- November 29, 2001) is a notable Chinese Economic historian.	Quan Hansheng	historian
occupation	Nirnaya Shrestha (Nepali: निर्णय श्रेष्ठ) is a Nepali popular singer and songwriter.	Nirnaya Shrestha	singer
occupation	Jason Filardi is an American screenwriter from Mystic, CT.	Jason Filardi	screenwriter
occupation	Gabino Coria Peñaloza (February 19, 1881 -- October 31, 1975) was an Argentine poet and lyricist.	Gabino Coria Peñaloza	poet
occupation	Bao Xun (died 226), courtesy name Shuye, was a general and politician of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period.	Bao Xun	politician
occupation	Wallada bint al-Mustakfi (Arabic: ولادة بنت المستكفي‎) (born in Cordova in 1001 - died March 26, 1091), was an Andalusian poet.	Wallada bint al-Mustakfi	poet
occupation	Dewey Balfa (March 20, 1927 -- June 17, 1992) was an American Cajun fiddler and singer who contributed significantly to the popularity of Cajun music.	Dewey Balfa	fiddler
occupation	Zuhur Wanasi (Arabic: زهور ونيسي; also written as Zhour Ouanissi and Zhor Ounissi; born 1937) is a prolific Algerian author and politician.	Zuhur Wanasi	politician
occupation	Michael Ray Aquino is a former intelligence officer in the police force of the Philippines.	Michael Ray Aquino	intelligence officer
occupation	Sylvester Primer (1842-1912) was an American linguist and philologist known for his pioneering work in 1887 on the dialect of the European-American residents of Charleston, South Carolina.	Sylvester Primer	linguist
occupation	Redd Davis (born 1896, date of death unknown) was a Canadian film director and producer who directed more than twenty films between 1932 and 1942.	Redd Davis	film director
occupation	Maria Papadopoulou (Greek: Μαρία Παπαδοπούλου; born September 8, 1980) is a Cypriot former swimmer who specialized in butterfly events.	Maria Papadopoulou	swimmer
occupation	Erik Pevernagie (born 1939) is a Belgian painter, living in Uccle/Ukkel (Brussels), who has held exhibitions in Paris, New York, Berlin, Düsseldorf, Amsterdam, London, Brussels and Antwerp.	Erik Pevernagie	painter
occupation	Gaius Cocceius Balbus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman politician and military commander who served as suffect consul in 39 BC.	Gaius Cocceius Balbus	politician
occupation	Peter Josyph is a New York artist who works concurrently as an author, a painter, an actor-director, a filmmaker, and a photographer.	Peter Josyph	artist
occupation	A Novel in the Form of a Memoir (1970), the playwright and novelist Gore Vidal then concentrated upon the essay, and developed two types of fiction.	Gore Vidal	playwright
occupation	Thomé H. Fang (Chinese: 方東美; pinyin: Fāng Dōngměi) was a Chinese philosopher From 1925 to 1948, Thomé H. Fang taught at several universities in China, mostly at the National Central University (later renamed Nanjing University and reinstated in Taiwan), in Nanking and Chungking.	Thomé H. Fang	philosopher
occupation	Vardan Petrosyan (born February 27, 1959; Armenian: Վարդան Պետրոսյան) is an Armenian actor, scriptwriter, and parodist.	Vardan Petrosyan	actor
occupation	Rishi Bhat (born 1986) is an American former child actor and internet entrepreneur.	Rishi Bhat	actor
occupation	Jeffrey Skoll, OC (born January 16, 1965) is a Canadian engineer, internet entrepreneur and film producer.	Jeffrey Skoll	engineer	film producer
occupation	Michele Cucuzza (born in 1952) is an Italian journalist, news speaker and television presenter.	Michele Cucuzza	journalist	television presenter
occupation	James Kenneth McManus (September 24, 1921 -- June 7, 2008), better known by his professional name of Jim McKay, was an American television sports journalist.	Jim McKay	journalist
occupation	Imre Szellő (July 27, 1983 in Cegléd) is a Hungarian amateur boxer who has qualified for the 2008 Olympics.	Imre Szellő	boxer
occupation	Va'aelua Eti Alesana (died September 30, 2011) was a Samoan politician and opposition leader who served as a founding member and President of the Tautua Samoa Party in 2011.	Va'aelua Eti Alesana	politician
occupation	Kannan Iyer is an Indian film writer and actor, known for Daud:	Kannan Iyer	actor
occupation	Frank Silva (October 31, 1950 -- September 13, 1995) was a Native American set dresser and sometime actor best known for his performance as the evil spirit Killer BOB in the TV series Twin Peaks.	Frank Silva	actor
occupation	Gene Austin (June 24, 1900 -- January 24, 1972) was an American singer and songwriter, one of the first ``crooners''.	Gene Austin	singer and songwriter
occupation	Thierry Mutin is a French singer of classical music and songwriter (born in Rochechouart, Haute-Vienne), famous for his 1988 hit single ``Sketch of Love''.	Thierry Mutin	singer
occupation	Pietro da Rimini (floruit 1315-1335) was an early 14th-century Italian painter.	Pietro da Rimini	painter
occupation	Paul O. Zelinsky (born 1953) is an American illustrator and writer best known for illustrating children's picture books.	Paul O. Zelinsky	writer
occupation	Hon. Edwin Hurlbut (October 10, 1817 -- November 28, 1905) was an American lawyer, editor, politician and humanitarian.	Edwin Hurlbut	politician
occupation	Kenn Harper (aka Ilisaijikutaaq, tall teacher) is a Canadian writer, historian and former grocer.	Kenn Harper	historian
occupation	Roger Gimbel (March 11, 1925 -- April 26, 2011) was an American television producer who specialized in television movies.	Roger Gimbel	television producer
occupation	Karim Diaa Eddine is an Egyptian film director and actor from Cairo.	Karim Diaa Eddine	film director
occupation	Natalie Ascencios is a painter and illustrator.	Natalie Ascencios	painter
occupation	Rawle D. Lewis (c. 1974) is an American actor and comedian best known for portraying Junior Bevil in the 1993 comedy film Cool Runnings.	Rawle D. Lewis	actor
occupation	Lorenzo Burrows (March 15, 1805 in Groton, New London County, Connecticut -- March 6, 1885 in Albion, Orleans County, New York) was an American merchant, banker and politician.	Lorenzo Burrows	politician
occupation	Alvin M. Josephy, Jr. (May 18, 1915 -- October 16, 2005) was an American historian who specialized in Native American issues.	Alvin M. Josephy, Jr.	historian
occupation	Barker Fairley, OC (May 21, 1887 -- October 11, 1986) was a British-Canadian painter, and scholar who made a significant contribution to the study of German literature, particularly for the work of Goethe.	Barker Fairley	painter
occupation	As an actor, Supla has participated in numerous films, TV shows, and soap operas.	Supla	actor
occupation	Louise Prinsloo is a South African author and radio script-writer.	Louise Prinsloo	author
occupation	Baby Gabi (Gabriella Szklenár, Gabi Szklenár ) (born May 26, 1978, Budapest) is a Hungarian pop singer.	Gabi Szklenár	singer
occupation	Norman Aspin CMG (born November 11, 1922 - death July 25, 2011) was a British diplomat who served as British High Commissioner to Malta from 1976 to 1979 and oversaw the transition of Rhodesia into the modern day state of Zimbabwae.	Norman Aspin	diplomat
occupation	Conan Lee Yuen-Ba 李元霸 born Lloyd Hutchinson, is an Asian-American film actor and martial artist.	Conan Lee	actor
occupation	Frederick Stark Pearson (July 3, 1861 -- May 7, 1915) was an American electrical engineer and entrepreneur.	Frederick Stark Pearson	engineer	entrepreneur
occupation	Val Caniparoli is an American ballet dancer and choreographer.	Val Caniparoli	choreographer
occupation	Norman Geschwind (January 8, 1926 -- November 4, 1984) was a pioneering American behavioral neurologist, best known for his exploration of behavioral neurology through disconnection models based on lesion analysis.	Norman Geschwind	neurologist
occupation	Vincent Piazza (born May 25, 1976) is an American film, television and stage actor best known for his roles in the television series Boardwalk Empire, the 2007 film Rocket Science, and as Tommy DeVito in the film adaptation of Jersey Boys.	Vincent Piazza	actor
occupation	Lucy Rahman (Bengali: লুসি রহমান) is a Bangladeshi-born British singer.	Lucy Rahman	singer
occupation	Henryk Hryniewski (Georgian: ჰენრიხ ჰრინევსკი; Russian: Генрих Викторович Гриневский) (1869 -- 1937) was a Polish-Georgian painter, graphic artist, and illustrator.	Henryk Hryniewski	painter
occupation	Lise Thiry (born 1921) is a Belgian scientist and politician.	Lise Thiry	scientist
occupation	M. V. P. Peiris, OBE was a Ceylonese surgeon and politician.	M. V. P. Peiris	politician
occupation	Jeanne Carmen (August 4, 1930 -- December 20, 2007) was an American model, pin-up girl, trick-shot golfer, and B movie actress.	Jeanne Carmen	model
occupation	John T'Seleie (born: September 11, 1950) is a territorial level politician.	John T'Seleie	politician
occupation	Claude Goudimel (c. 1514 to 1520 -- between 28 August and 31 August 1572) was a French composer, music editor and publisher, and music theorist of the Renaissance.	Claude Goudimel	composer	editor	music theorist
occupation	Marie Colinet (Fabry) (ca. 1560 - ca. 1640), a midwife and surgeon, introduced the use of heat for dilating and stimulating the uterus during labour, performed caesarian sections successfully, and the first to use a magnet to extract a piece of metal from a patient's eye.	Marie Colinet	midwife
occupation	Christian Wirth (born in the 1970s), better known by the pseudonym RaD Man, is an American computer artist and historian.	RaD Man	artist	historian
occupation	Anikó Kántor (born March 26, 1968 in Budapest) is a former Hungarian team handball player and Olympic medalist, who currently work as a handball coach.	Anikó Kántor	handball player
occupation	Mayer Rabinowitz is a Conservative rabbi and a professor of Talmud at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America.	Mayer Rabinowitz	rabbi
occupation	Théodore-Agrippa d'Aubigné (8 February 1552 -- 29 April 1630) was a French poet, soldier, propagandist and chronicler.	Agrippa d'Aubigné	poet
occupation	Paul Habibi is an American real estate entrepreneur and UCLA professor.	Paul Habibi	entrepreneur
occupation	Penelope Umbrico (January 31, 1957) is an artist / photographer best known for appropriating images found using search engines and picture sharing websites.	Penelope Umbrico	photographer
occupation	Gerald Home (born October 18, 1950) is the actor who played Tessek-Squid Head and the Mon Calamari Officer in Return of the Jedi.	Gerald Home	actor
occupation	Aram Tigran (Armenian: Արամ Տիգրան) or Aramê Dîkran (Kurdish rendering from Western Armenian), born Aram Melikyan (Armenian: Արամ Մէլիքեան), (1934 -- 8 August 2009) was a contemporary Armenian singer who sang primarily in Kurdish.	Aram Tigran	singer
occupation	John Garfield (March 4, 1913 -- May 21, 1952) was an American actor adept at playing brooding, rebellious, working-class characters.	John Garfield	actor
occupation	Ievgen Poltavskyi is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S8 events.	Ievgen Poltavskyi	swimmer
occupation	Ole Edvart Rølvaag (Rølvåg in modern Norwegian, Rolvaag in English orthography) (April 22, 1876 -- November 5, 1931) was a Norwegian-American novelist and professor who became well known for his writings regarding the Norwegian American immigrant experience.	Ole Edvart Rølvaag	novelist
occupation	Reed Morano (born April 15, 1977) is an American cinematographer and director.	Reed Morano	cinematographer	director
occupation	Alan Klingenstein (born 1954) is a corporate and securities attorney, an investment banker, a film distributor, and an award-winning film producer.	Alan Klingenstein	film producer
occupation	Patrick Merrill (born February 22, 1979 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League and formerly of the Toronto Nationals in Major League Lacrosse.	Patrick Merrill	lacrosse player
occupation	Marco Bandinelli, also known as Marchino di Guido Reni, was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Marco Bandinelli	painter
occupation	Dimitar Ivanov Popov (Bulgarian: Димитър Иванов Попов) (October 13, 1894 -- October 25, 1975) was a Bulgarian organic chemist and an academician of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences.	Dimitar Ivanov Popov	chemist
occupation	Geminiano Giacomelli (sometimes Jacomelli) (May 28, 1692 -- January 25, 1740) was an Italian composer.	Geminiano Giacomelli	composer
occupation	Al Foster (born January 18, 1943) is an American jazz drummer.	Al Foster	drummer
occupation	Michael C. Williams (born July 25, 1973) is an American actor, famous for his role (using his own name) for the movie The Blair Witch Project.	Michael C. Williams	actor
occupation	Robyn Landis is an American author, public speaker and folk singer who was born in Brooklyn, NY, and has lived in Seattle, WA, and Tucson, AZ United States.	Robyn Landis	singer
occupation	Olga Volchkova is a Russian-born artist currently resident in Eugene, Oregon.	Olga Volchkova	artist
occupation	Louis Alan Hazeltine (August 7, 1886 -- May 24, 1964) was an engineer and physicist, the inventor of the Neutrodyne circuit, and the Hazeltine-Fremodyne Superregenerative circuit.	Louis Alan Hazeltine	engineer
occupation	Elvis McGonagall is a Scottish poet and stand-up comedian who is especially notable for poetry slam performances.	Elvis McGonagall	poet
occupation	David Grann (born March 10, 1967) is an American journalist, a staff writer for The New Yorker magazine, and a best-selling author.	David Grann	journalist
occupation	Shanxing Wang is a contemporary American poet, scientist and political activist.	Shanxing Wang	poet	scientist
occupation	Robert J. C. Young FBA (born 1950) is a British postcolonial theorist, cultural critic, and historian.	Robert J. C. Young	historian
occupation	Ismael El Massoudi is a French boxer with Moroccan roots.	Ismael El Massoudi	boxer
occupation	LaVan Davis (born September 21, 1966) is an American singer and actor best known for his starring role as Curtis Payne on the TBS comedy-drama Tyler Perry's House of Payne.	LaVan Davis	singer	actor
occupation	B. A. Browne (first name and dates unknown) was an English first-class cricketer associated with Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) who was active in the 1810s.	B. A. Browne	cricketer
occupation	Fred S. Hollowell (January 18, 1883 -- April 19, 1960) was an American farmer and politician from New York.	Fred S. Hollowell	politician
occupation	Ludi Boeken is a Dutch film producer, director and actor.	Ludi Boeken	film producer
occupation	Carolyn Reeder (November 16, 1937 -- January 20, 2012) was an American writer best known for children's historical novels.	Carolyn Reeder	writer
occupation	Sureshkumar Bhikamchand Jain, also known as Suresh Jain and Sureshdada Jain, is an Indian politician from Jalgaon in Maharashtra.	Suresh Jain	politician
occupation	Loren Hibbs (born May 17, 1961) is an American baseball player and coach.	Loren Hibbs	baseball player
occupation	David Del Rio (born September 29, 1987) is an American actor best known for starring on the Nickelodeon series The Troop.	David Del Rio	actor
occupation	Sophie Bennett (born February 6, 1989) is a Canadian actress, singer, dancer, producer, and director.	Sophie Bennett	singer
occupation	Michael Kimball (born February 1, 1967) is a novelist from United States.	Michael Kimball	novelist
occupation	Stepanos Asoghik (Armenian: Ստեփանոս Ասողիկ), also known as Stepanos Taronetsi (Armenian: Ստեփանոս Տարոնեցի), was an Armenian historian of the 11th century.	Stepanos Asoghik	historian
occupation	Dana Brunetti (born June 11, 1973) is an American film producer and social networking entrepreneur.	Dana Brunetti	film producer
occupation	Qin Lan (born 17 July 1981) is a Chinese actress, model, and singer.	Qin Lan	singer
occupation	Idalmis Gato (born August 30, 1971) is a Cuban volleyball player world champion and Olympic champion.	Idalmis Gato	volleyball player
occupation	Homer J. Wood was an engineer at Garrett AiResearch, who did pioneering work in gas turbine engines for aircraft applications.	Homer J. Wood	engineer
occupation	Margaret Hayes Grazier (December 19, 1916 -- July 9, 1999) was an American librarian, educator, and published author in the field of Library and Information Science.	Margaret Hayes Grazier	librarian
occupation	Anna-Lynne Williams is an American musician best known as the lead singer, songwriter, and guitarist of Trespassers William, an indie rock band based in Seattle, Washington.	Anna-Lynne Williams	musician	singer, songwriter
occupation	Sir Galahad (/ˈɡæləhæd/; sometime referred to as Galeas /ɡəˈliːəs/ or Galath /ˈɡæləθ/), in Arthurian legend, is a knight of King Arthur's Round Table and one of the three achievers of the Holy Grail.	Galahad	knight
occupation	Bernard Belle is an American composer, producer and musician.	Bernard Belle	musician
occupation	Krista White (born December 19, 1984) is an American fashion model, best known as the winner of Cycle 14 of America's Next Top Model.	Krista White	model
occupation	Dawn Shadforth is a British music video and documentary director, as well as an editor and artist.	Dawn Shadforth	artist
occupation	Janet LaValley is an alternative rock singer from Boston, Massachusetts.	Janet LaValley	singer
occupation	Zafer Gözet (born 21 September 1965) is a Turkish-Norwegian Marxist-Leninist politician.	Zafer Gözet	politician
occupation	Rose Falcon is the daughter of singer-songwriter Billy Falcon and hairdresser Myla Falcon.	Rose Falcon	singer-songwriter
occupation	Harry Lincoln Sayler (1863--1913) was a newspaperman and novelist, under his own name and pseudonyms, including as a ghost writer for a popular youth fiction series.	Harry Lincoln Sayler	writer
occupation	Richard Fredricks (born August 15, 1933, Los Angeles, California) is an American opera singer, and was one of the leading dramatic baritones of both the New York City Opera and the Metropolitan Opera.	Richard Fredricks	opera singer
occupation	Alvar Suñol Munoz-Ramos, also known as Alvar (born January 29, 1935), is a Spanish painter, sculptor and lithographer.	Alvar Suñol	painter
occupation	Alberta Hunter (April 1, 1895 -- October 17, 1984) was an internationally known American blues singer and songwriter who had a successful career from early 1920s to the late 1950s, was a contemporary of Ethel Waters and Bessie Smith, and then decided to stop from performing to work as a nurse.	Alberta Hunter	singer	nurse
occupation	Ezzel Dine Zulficar (Arabic: عزالدين ذو الفقار‎, ``Ezz ad-Dīne Zū al-Fiqār) (October 28, 1919 -- July 1, 1963) was an Egyptian film director, screenwriter, actor and producer.	Ezzel Dine Zulficar	film director
occupation	JJC (short for Johnny Just Come; Nigerian slang for a recent arrival, especially naïve newcomers) is the stage name for Abdul Rasheed Bello, a Nigerian rapper and record producer.	JJC	rapper	record producer
occupation	Melanie LaPatin is a United States Professional Ballroom Dance Champion and world-renowned choreographer, best known for her choreography work on Fox's ``So You Think You Can Dance'' and ABC's ``Dancing With the Stars.''	Melanie LaPatin	choreographer
occupation	Dr. Ludwig Draxler (1896--1972) was an Austrian attorney and politician.	Ludwig Draxler	politician
occupation	Gregg Foreman is an American musician and DJ born in Philadelphia.	Gregg Foreman	musician
occupation	Milan Luthria is an Indian film director best known for directing The Dirty Picture (2011), Once Upon a Time in Mumbai (2010) and Taxi Number 9211 (2006).	Milan Luthria	film director
occupation	Georgios Christakis-Zografos (Greek: Γεώργιος Χρηστάκης-Ζωγράφος; 1863--1920) was a Greek politician, minister of foreign affairs and president of the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus (1914).	Georgios Christakis-Zografos	politician
occupation	Tim Maccan is an Australian-Italian rugby league player who represented Italy in the 2013 World Cup.	Tim Maccan	rugby league player
occupation	Albert S. Evans was an American explorer and writer.	Albert S. Evans	explorer
occupation	Walter Dean Myers (born Walter Milton Myers; August 12, 1937 -- July 1, 2014) was an American writer of children's books best known for young adult literature.	Walter Dean Myers	writer
occupation	Jonathan Grier is a computer scientist, consultant, and entrepreneur.	Jonathan Grier	computer scientist
occupation	Edward Alan Knapp ( March 7, 1932 - August 17, 2009) was an American physicist and was Director of the National Science Foundation from 1982 to 1984.	Edward Alan Knapp	physicist
occupation	Davide Prete (born June 21, 1974) is an Italian sculptor and architect who specializes in urban scale works using stainless steel, forged steel and small scale sculptures combining traditional metalsmithing techniques to 3D Printing and laser scanning.	Davide Prete	sculptor
occupation	Bruce Falson (born April 17, 1975), better known by his stage name Blood Raw, is an American rapper.	Blood Raw	rapper
occupation	Reverend Fr. Fray Angelico Chavez (April 10, 1910 -- March 18, 1996) was an American Franciscan priest, historian, author, poet, and painter.	Angelico Chavez	historian
occupation	Thomas H. Tongue (June 23, 1844 -- January 11, 1903) was an American politician and attorney in the state of Oregon.	Thomas H. Tongue	politician
occupation	Ed Randall is a longtime New York radio and TV personality and published author.	Ed Randall	author
occupation	Karan Singh Chhabra is an Indian model, actor who hails from Chandigarh, he won the Super Lodhu Hunt in Fuddipur 2007, and has walked the ramp for many brands including Kingfisher.	Karan Singh Chhabra	actor
occupation	Graham Lindsey is an American singer, songwriter and musician born and raised in Madison, Wisconsin.	Graham Lindsey	singer, songwriter
occupation	Anne Gibbons is an American cartoonist and greeting card illustrator.	Anne Gibbons	cartoonist
occupation	Alexander Nelson Hansell (October 6, 1857 -- 1940) was a British architect known primarily for his activities in Kobe, Japan.	Alexander Nelson Hansell	architect
occupation	Allen Adler (December 25, 1916 -- January 30, 1964) was an American writer, also involved in theater in various ways.	Allen Adler	writer
occupation	Jonas Coldingensis or Jonas Colding or Koldings was a Danish historian.	Jonas Coldingensis	historian
occupation	Hipólito Rodríguez Caorsi (born July 10, 1939 in Montevideo -- December 15, 2012) was a Uruguayan lawyer and judge.	Hipólito Rodríguez Caorsi	judge
occupation	Oliver Taylor Hawkins (born February 17, 1972) is an American musician, best known as the drummer of the rock band Foo Fighters.	Taylor Hawkins	musician	drummer
occupation	Luke Wiles (born August 28, 1982) is a Canadian lacrosse player who plays forward for the Philadelphia Wings of the National Lacrosse League.	Luke Wiles	lacrosse player
occupation	Hilaire Babassana was a Congolese politician and economist.	Hilaire Babassana	politician
occupation	Ricky Legere is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Welterweight division.	Ricky Legere	mixed martial artist
occupation	Adalberto Luis Brandoni (born April 18, 1940) is an Argentine theater, film, and television actor.	Luis Brandoni	actor
occupation	Emmanuel Joseph Raphaël Orazi, known as Manuel Orazi was an Italian art nouveau illustrator and poster artist.	Manuel Orazi	illustrator
occupation	Esther Mujawayo (1958) is a Rwandan sociologist and psychotherapist.	Esther Mujawayo	psychotherapist
occupation	Antony I. Ginnane is an Australian film producer best known for his work in the exploitation field.	Antony I. Ginnane	film producer
occupation	The Peach Pickers is an American songwriter team, composed of Rhett Akins, Dallas Davidson, and Ben Hayslip.	The Peach Pickers	songwriter
occupation	Isaac Fadoyebo (December 5, 1925 - November 9, 2012) was a Nigerian soldier who served in the British Royal West African Frontier Force during Britain's World War II campaign in Asia.	Isaac Fadoyebo	soldier
occupation	Lee D. Baker is an American cultural anthropologist, author, and Duke University faculty member.	Lee D. Baker	anthropologist
occupation	Ashok Bhadra is an Indian composer working in the Bollywood and Bengali film industries.	Ashok Bhadra	composer
original network	Lanigan's Rabbi is an American crime drama series that aired on NBC during the first half of 1977.	Lanigan's Rabbi	NBC
original network	90 Minutes Live was a Canadian television late-night talk show, which aired on CBC Television from April 19, 1976 to May 12, 1978.	90 Minutes Live	CBC Television
original network	The Education of Max Bickford is a television drama that aired from 2001 to 2002 on CBS.	The Education of Max Bickford	CBS
original network	The Phil Silvers Show, originally titled You'll Never Get Rich, is a sitcom which ran on CBS from 1955 to 1959 for 142 episodes, plus a 1959 special.	The Phil Silvers Show	CBS
original network	The Al Morgan Show is an American variety program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network from 1949 to 1951.	The Al Morgan Show	DuMont Television Network
original network	Quentin Durgens, M.P. was a Canadian dramatic television series, which aired on CBC Television from 1965 to 1969.	Quentin Durgens, M.P.	CBC Television
original network	Ji Woon-soo's Stroke of Luck (Hangul: 지운수대통; RR: Ji Un-su Daetong) is a 2012 South Korean television series that aired on cable channel TV Chosun from April 21 to June 24, 2012 on Saturdays and Sundays at 18:50 for 20 episodes.	Ji Woon-soo's Stroke of Luck	TV Chosun
original network	Amy Prentiss is an American police drama television series which aired on NBC.	Amy Prentiss	NBC
original network	The Chelsea Handler Show is an American sketch comedy series that aired on the E! television network.	The Chelsea Handler Show	E
original network	Famous in 12 is an American reality television-social experiment series that aired on The CW.	Famous in 12	The CW
original network	Double Rush is an American CBS television comedy that lasted one season in 1995.	Double Rush	CBS
original network	Geniş Aile (in English: The Large Family) is a Turkish comedy television series on Kanal D, which initially broadcast in 2009.	Geniş Aile	Kanal D
original network	The National Heads-Up Poker Championship is an annual poker tournament held in the United States and produced by the NBC television network.	National Heads-Up Poker Championship	NBC
original network	City of Vice is a British historical crime drama television series set in Georgian London and was first screened on 14 January 2008 on Channel 4.	City of Vice	Channel 4
original network	Liquid News was the daily round up of entertainment news for BBC Three (and before that BBC Choice) running from 30 May 2000 to 1 April 2004.	Liquid News	BBC Choice
original network	The Dukes of Hazzard is an American television series that aired on the CBS television network from January 26, 1979 to February 8, 1985.	The Dukes of Hazzard	CBS
original network	Animal Face-Off is a television program that aired on the Discovery Channel and Animal Planet in 2004.	Animal Face-Off	Discovery Channel
original network	Cedric's Barber Battle is an American reality television series that airs on The CW.	Cedric's Barber Battle	The CW
original network	Pigeon Street is an animated children's television series, written by Michael Cole, originally shown on the BBC in 1981 as part of its 'See-Saw' strand for pre-schoolers.	Pigeon Street	BBC
original network	Mera Naam Karegi Roshan is an Indian television series that airs on Zee TV, based on the story of a daughter and her crusade against injustice and inequality.	Mera Naam Karegi Roshan	Zee TV
original network	Breaking Amish is an American reality television series on the TLC television network that debuted September 9, 2012.	Breaking Amish	TLC
original network	Perfect Couples is an American comedy television series that was originally broadcast by NBC.	Perfect Couples	NBC
original network	Bathroom Singer is also a reality show on Sahara Filmy, named after the concept of bathroom singing.	Bathroom Singer	Filmy
original network	Teledyaryo (a portmanteau of telebisyon and dyaryo, Filipino words meaning television and newspaper, respectively; hence, ``Newspaper Television'') was the flagship newscast of People's Television Network.	Teledyaryo	People's Television Network
original network	Space Cases is a Canadian science fiction television series that aired on Nickelodeon for two seasons.	Space Cases	Nickelodeon
original network	Hi-Jinks is a hidden camera show that premiered on Nick at Nite in 2005.	Hi-Jinks	Nick at Nite
original network	The Tom Ewell Show is an American television situation comedy that aired on CBS during the 1960-61 television season.	The Tom Ewell Show	CBS
original network	Inside Men is a British television drama series of four episodes, transmitted from 2 February 2012 on BBC One.	Inside Men	BBC One
original network	Popeye and Son is an animated television series produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and King Features Entertainment, and aired for one season and thirteen episodes on CBS.	Popeye and Son	CBS
original network	Ultimate Rush premiered in December 2011 in German-speaking territories on Servus TV.	Ultimate Rush	Servus TV
original network	The Week in Religion is an American religious television program broadcast on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	The Week in Religion	DuMont Television Network
original network	Captain 11 was a popular after-school children's program for over 41 years on KELO-TV, broadcast on channel 11 from Sioux Falls, South Dakota.	Captain 11	KELO-TV
original network	Street Cents is a teen-themed newsmagazine TV series that originally aired on CBC Television between 1989 and 2006.	Street Cents	CBC Television
original network	Premium Blend is a stand-up comedy series that aired on the American cable television channel Comedy Central from 1997 to 2005.	Premium Blend	Comedy Central
original network	Chris & John's Road Trip! is a reality television series originally broadcast on OUTtv in 2005 and subsequently aired in Australia on SelecTV in 2006 and here! in 2008.	Chris & John's Road Trip!	OUTtv
original network	Comic Book Men is an American reality television series airing on the AMC network.	Comic Book Men	AMC
original network	The American Bible Challenge is a Biblical-themed American television game show created by Game Show Network.	The American Bible Challenge	Game Show Network
original network	Food and Drink is a long-running British television series on BBC Two.	Food and Drink	BBC Two
original network	News at 6:30 (Chinese: 六點半新聞報道), is the evening and flagship national news programme broadcast Monday to Sunday at 18:30 in Hong Kong by television channel TVB Jade.	News at 6:30	TVB Jade
original network	Applause, Applause was a Canadian musical variety television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1974.	Applause, Applause	CBC Television
original network	Blowin' Up is a comedic reality show on MTV.	Blowin' Up	MTV
original network	Brains & Brawn is the name of two similar NBC game shows aired on Saturdays (in different slots) in 1958 and 1993 respectively.	Brains & Brawn	NBC
original network	Adam Adamant Lives! is a British television series which ran from 1966 to 1967 on the BBC, starring Gerald Harper in the title role.	Adam Adamant Lives!	BBC
original network	Rainha da Sucata (Portuguese for Queen of Junk) is a Brazilian telenovela that first aired on Rede Globo in 1990.	Rainha da Sucata	Rede Globo
original network	Ghost Hunters Academy (abbreviated as GHA) is a paranormal reality television series that premiered on November 11, 2009, on the Syfy channel.	Ghost Hunters Academy	Syfy
original network	The Game of Scouting is a Canadian informational television series which aired on CBC Television in 1967.	The Game of Scouting	CBC Television
original network	Baby Bob is an American sitcom that launched on CBS as a midseason replacement in March 2002.	Baby Bob	CBS
original network	Your Bottom Line is a CNN news program focusing on financial news hosted by Christine Romans.	Your Bottom Line	CNN
original network	On 29 May 2015, ITV renewed Ninja Warrior UK for a second series, which began on 2 January 2016.	Ninja Warrior UK	ITV
original network	The Devil's Whore (released as The Devil's Mistress in North America) is a four-part television series set during the English Civil War, produced by Company Pictures for Channel 4 in 2008.	The Devil's Whore	Channel 4
original network	The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer is an American sitcom that aired on UPN in 1998.	The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer	UPN
original network	The Life & Times of Tim is an HBO comedy animated television series, which premiered on September 28, 2008.	The Life & Times of Tim	HBO
original network	Countryfile is a British television programme which airs weekly on BBC One and reports on rural and environmental issues in the United Kingdom.	Countryfile	BBC One
original network	All Wives Cheat is a Playboy TV fictional reality adult show that is based on a popular online series of the same name.	All Wives Cheat	Playboy TV
original network	Time Trumpet is a six-episode satirical television comedy series which aired on BBC Two in 2006.	Time Trumpet	BBC Two
original network	The Jim Coleman Show is a Canadian sports news television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1960.	The Jim Coleman Show	CBC Television
original network	SMTV Live (an abbreviation of Saturday Morning Television Live), also stylised as SM:tv LIVE, and in early promotional material SMTV://live, was a British Saturday morning children's television programme, first broadcast on ITV on 29 August 1998 and last broadcast on 27 December 2003.	SMTV Live	ITV
original network	Beat the Geeks is an American comedy game show that aired on Comedy Central from 2001 to 2002.	Beat the Geeks	Comedy Central
original network	``Vincent and the Doctor'' is the tenth episode in the fifth series of British science fiction television series Doctor Who, first broadcast on BBC One on 5 June 2010.	Vincent and the Doctor	BBC One
original network	Vanity Lair is a reality television programme on Channel 4.	Vanity Lair	Channel 4
original network	Business Breakfast is a business programme which aired on BBC One from 4 September 1989 to 15 September 2000.	Business Breakfast	BBC One
original network	The Morning Exchange was an American morning television program that aired on WEWS-TV (channel 5) in Cleveland, Ohio from 1972 to 1999.	The Morning Exchange	WEWS-TV
original network	El alma no tiene color (English: The soul has no color) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Juan Osorio for Televisa and broadcast by Canal de las Estrellas from June 23 to November 7, 1997.	El alma no tiene color	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	Gotta Kick It Up! is a 2002 Disney Channel original movie.	Gotta Kick It Up!	Disney Channel
original network	(Get to) The Point was a short-lived current events discussion television program that aired on CNN in April 2013.	(Get to) The Point	CNN
original network	Maging Akin Ka Lamang or Till You Are Mine (English title) is a Philippine drama aired on GMA Network.	Maging Akin Ka Lamang	GMA Network
original network	NewsFix is an American television news program produced for CW affiliates KDAF in Dallas-Fort Worth, KIAH in Houston, Texas and WSFL-TV in Miami (all of which are owned by Tribune Broadcasting) that originally premiered on March 19, 2011 on KIAH.	NewsFix	KDAF
original network	Their Springtime of Life was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1972.	Their Springtime of Life	CBC Television
original network	Hi Diddle Day was a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1969 to 1976.	Hi Diddle Day	CBC Television
original network	Tricky TV was first broadcast in the 4pm slot on ITV from 5 September 2005.	Tricky TV	ITV
original network	The Passionate Canadians was a Canadian television documentary miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977.	The Passionate Canadians	CBC Television
original network	Nerd Nation (broadcast January 19, 2004 - March 22, 2004) is an American TV show on TechTV that focused on the life of nerds and other geeks.	Nerd Nation	TechTV
original network	The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest (also known as Jonny Quest: The Real Adventures) is an American animated action-adventure television series produced by Hanna-Barbera and broadcast on Cartoon Network from August 26, 1996 to April 16, 1997.	The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest	Cartoon Network
original network	Country House Rescue is an observational documentary series which airs on British terrestrial television channel, Channel 4.	Country House Rescue	Channel 4
original network	Come Listen Awhile is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television from 1963 to 1964.	Come Listen Awhile	CBC Television
original network	Land of the Tiger is a BBC nature documentary series exploring the natural history of the Indian subcontinent, first transmitted in the UK on BBC Two in 1997.	Land of the Tiger	BBC Two
original network	Bad Cop, Bad Cop is a 2002 Australian television series produced by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation and Southern Star, directed by David Caesar	Bad Cop, Bad Cop	Australian Broadcasting Corporation
original network	Morning Express with Robin Meade is a morning television show program that airs on the HLN television network in the United States.	Morning Express with Robin Meade	HLN
original network	Safari School is a BBC Two reality television series presented by Dr Charlotte Uhlenbroek in which eight celebrities take part in a four-week ranger training course in the Shamwari Game Reserve in South Africa.	Safari School	BBC
original network	Friday Night! with Ralph Benmergui was a Canadian television variety show, which aired on CBC Television from 1992 to 1993.	Friday Night! with Ralph Benmergui	CBC Television
original network	Giada in Paradise is a show that debuted on the Food Network on June 16, 2007.	Giada in Paradise	Food Network
original network	Late Night Joy is an American late-night talk show hosted by comedian Joy Behar, which premiered on TLC on November 4, 2015.	Late Night Joy	TLC
original network	Bring Your Husband To Heel was a ``hidden camera'' documentary series produced by Talkback Thames and shown on BBC Two in 2005.	Bring Your Husband To Heel	BBC Two
original network	Pasan Ko Ang Daigdig (Filipino: ``The World is On My Shoulders'') is originally a movie released back in 1987, and remade as a Philippine drama that aired on GMA Network (September 10, 2007 to January 11, 2008) as the fourth installment of Sine Novela.	Pasan Ko Ang Daigdig	GMA Network
original network	Young Ramsay was an Australian television drama series which ran from 1977 to 1980 on the Seven Network.	Young Ramsay	Seven Network
original network	Market Watch is a show on CNBC that aired from 10 AM to 12 noon ET, hosted by Martha MacCallum and Tyler Mathisen (for the first hour), and Bob Sellers and Consuelo Mack (for the second hour).	Market Watch	CNBC
original network	Amigas & Rivais (English: Friends and Rivals) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by SBT from August 6, 2007 to January 18, 2008.	Amigas & Rivais	SBT
original network	Bad Influence! is an early to mid-1990s British factual television programme broadcast on CITV between 1992 and 1996, and was produced in Leeds by Yorkshire Television (now known as ITV Studios).	Bad Influence!	ITV
original network	Short Ribbs was a weekly local sketch comedy program, broadcast in the Orange County / Los Angeles area on KDOC-TV.	Short Ribbs	KDOC-TV
original network	Maria Flordeluna is a Filipino primetime soap opera that aired on ABS-CBN and DZMM TeleRadyo in the Philippines and on The Filipino Channel worldwide.	Maria Flordeluna	ABS-CBN
original network	Color Splash is a television show on the U.S. cable network HGTV, hosted by David Bromstad.	Color Splash	HGTV
original network	Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre is an American anthology series, sponsored by Chrysler Corporation, which ran on NBC from 1963 through 1967.	Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre	NBC
original network	The First 48 is an American documentary television series on A&E.	The First 48	A&E
original network	Ad and Lib was a Canadian television series which aired on CBC Television in 1954.	Ad and Lib	CBC Television
original network	Paddy's TV Guide is a British television comedy series created, written and presented by Paddy McGuinness, and broadcast on Channel 4 from 18 January to 8 March 2013.	Paddy's TV Guide	Channel 4
original network	Jhoome Jiiya Re is a Hindi television serial that aired on Zee Next channel on the day the channel was launched on 11 December 2007.	Jhoome Jiiya Re	Zee Next
original network	Steam Punks! is an Australian game show airs on ABC3 on 17 February 2013, It is presented Paul Verhoeven as ``The Inquisitor''.	Steam Punks!	ABC3
original network	Three for the Money is an American game show produced by Stefan Hatos-Monty Hall Productions that aired on NBC from September 29 to November 28, 1975.	Three for the Money	NBC
original network	Attack of the Show! (AOTS) is an American live television program that formerly aired weeknights on G4, G4 Canada Fuel TV, HOW TO Channel, and Maxxx.	Attack of the Show!	G4
original network	Charcoal Chefs is a Canadian cooking television series which aired on CBC Television from 1976 to 1978.	Charcoal Chefs	CBC Television
original network	Clean House is a home makeover and interior design television show, originally broadcast in 2003 which has aired 9 seasons of programs on the Style Network.	Clean House	Style Network
original network	Inyan Shel Zman (Hebrew: עניין של זמן‎) or A Matter of Time is an Israeli teen drama television series broadcast from 1992 until 1996 on Israeli Educational Television.	Inyan Shel Zman	Israeli Educational Television
original network	The first two were aired on The Disney Channel when Darkwing Duck first premiered and featured alternate animation and a different version of the familiar theme song.	Darkwing Duck	Disney Channel
original network	Storm Stories is a non-fiction television series that aired on The Weather Channel (TWC) and Zone Reality.	Storm Stories	The Weather Channel
original network	The Benson Interruption was a stand-up comedy show on Comedy Central starring Doug Benson.	The Benson Interruption	Comedy Central
original network	Celebrity Cooks was a Canadian cooking show independently produced by Initiative Productions and aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1979 and on Global from 1980 to 1987.	Celebrity Cooks	CBC Television
original network	Czas honoru (English: Days of Honour) was a Polish World War II television drama series, broadcast on TVP2 since 7 September 2008 to 23 November 2014, on STV Glasgow from 2 June 2014 and STV Edinburgh from 16 January 2015.	Czas honoru	TVP2
original network	Thursday Night Showcase appears every Thursday with the biggest games in college basketball in primetime during the regular season on ESPN and ESPN2.	Thursday Night Showcase	ESPN
original network	A Long View of Canadian History was a Canadian historical television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1959.	A Long View of Canadian History	CBC Television
original network	Malibu Shores is an American primetime teen drama/soap opera that aired on Saturday Night at 8:00PM EST from March to June 1996 for ten episodes on NBC.	Malibu Shores	NBC
original network	We'll Think of Something is a British sitcom that aired on ITV in 1986.	We'll Think of Something	ITV
original network	Para vestir santos (Spanish: For dressing holy men) was a 2010 Argentine miniseries, produced by Pol-Ka and aired by El Trece.	Para vestir santos	El Trece
original network	Dropout Delinquents is a Playboy TV adult faux-reality series that follows young women around Miami in the hopes of luring them home for sex.	Dropout Delinquents	Playboy TV
original network	The Politician's Husband is a three-episode British television miniseries, first shown on BBC Two between 25 April and 9 May 2013.	The Politician's Husband	BBC Two
original network	Mañana es para siempre (English: Tomorrow is Forever) is a Mexican telenovela that began airing on October 20, 2008 on XEW-TV, also known as Canal de las Estrellas.	Mañana es para siempre	Canal de las Estrellas
original network	In the UK The Trap Door was originally aired during the mid-1980s on ITV, in the afternoon children's programming line-up.	The Trap Door	ITV
original network	The Million Second Quiz is an American game show hosted by Ryan Seacrest and broadcast by NBC.	The Million Second Quiz	NBC
original network	Fox Business Morning was an early morning business newscast that aired on the Fox Business Network from 5-7am Eastern Time.	Fox Business Morning	Fox Business Network
original network	The Latest Buzz is a Canadian teen sitcom from Decode Entertainment aired on the Family Channel, the series ran from September 1, 2007 to April 19, 2010.	The Latest Buzz	Family Channel
original network	Jodi Number One is a series reality dance show on the Indian STAR Vijay channel.	Jodi Number One	STAR Vijay
original network	CrashBurn was an Australian 13-part drama series airing on Network Ten, about surviving long-term relationships in an age where multiple partners and multiple orgasms are considered a birthright.	CrashBurn	Network Ten
original network	Unsupervised is an American animated sitcom which ran on FX from January 19, 2012 to December 20, 2012.	Unsupervised	FX
original network	Best Week Ever is an American comedy series that originally aired from 2004 to 2009 on VH1.	Best Week Ever	VH1
original network	Time Team Extra was a British television series that aired on Channel 4 in 1998.	Time Team Extra	Channel 4
original network	SportsDesk is a former sports news television show that was shown every day on the New England Sports Network, USA.	SportsDesk	New England Sports Network
original network	GamesMaster was a British television show, screened on Channel 4 from 1992 to 1998, and was the first ever UK television show dedicated to computer and video games.	GamesMaster	Channel 4
original network	School of Sex is an instructional Playboy TV adult reality series hosted by Tera Patrick.	School of Sex	Playboy TV
original network	The Knick is an American television drama series on Cinemax created by Jack Amiel and Michael Begler, directed by Steven Soderbergh and starring Clive Owen.	The Knick	Cinemax
original network	My Little Margie is an American situation comedy starring Gale Storm and Charles Farrell that alternated between CBS and NBC from 1952 to 1955.	My Little Margie	CBS
original network	TG1 (TeleGiornale 1) is the brand for Italian state-owned TV channel Rai 1's news programmes.	TG1	Rai 1
original network	Peeping Times is a comedy special that aired on NBC on January 25, 1978.	Peeping Times	NBC
original network	Cold Feet is a British comedy-drama television series produced by Granada Television for the ITV network.	Cold Feet	ITV
original network	Fresh Gear is a television program on ZDTV then known as TechTV (now known as G4) that showcased the latest in personal technology.	Fresh Gear	TechTV
original network	On Guard For Thee was a Canadian documentary television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1981.	On Guard For Thee	CBC Television
original network	Crash Zone is an Australian children's science fiction television series which aired on the Seven Network from 13 February 1999 to 25 August 2001.	Crash Zone	Seven Network
original network	I Want To Be a Hilton is a 2005 weekly NBC reality television series that was hosted by Kathy Hilton.	I Want To Be a Hilton	NBC
original network	Everybody's Equal was a game show hosted by Chris Tarrant and aired on ITV from 7 June 1989 to 22 July 1991.	Everybody's Equal	ITV
parent taxon	Pediasia is a genus of small moths in the family Crambidae.	Pediasia	Crambidae
parent taxon	The Yarumal climbing salamander (Bolitoglossa vallecula) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Yarumal climbing salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Anisoceras is a heteromorph ammonite belonging to the turrilitacean family Anisoceratidae.	Anisoceras	Anisoceratidae
parent taxon	Sebaea is a genus of annual plants in the family Gentianaceae.	Sebaea	Gentianaceae
parent taxon	Brenierea insignis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Brenierea	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Culcitaceae are a family of ferns within the order Cyatheales.	Culcitaceae	Cyatheales
parent taxon	Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the mole cricket family Gryllotalpidae.	Gryllotalpa	mole cricket
parent taxon	Dactylopus dactylopus, known commonly as the Fingered dragonet, is a species of marine fish in the family Callionymidae.	Fingered dragonet	Dactylopus
parent taxon	The Kern shoulderband, scientific name Helminthoglypta callistoderma, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Kern shoulderband	Helminthoglypta
parent taxon	Sophaga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it now considered a synonym of Timora.	Sophaga	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Ptychosalpinx globulus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Ptychosalpinx globulus	Buccinidae
parent taxon	(2004) place Gargoyleosaurus parkpinorum within the Family Ankylosauridae of the Ankylosauria and are in agreement with most previous phylogenetic hypotheses, which place the genus as the sister group to all other ankylosaurids (i.e., members of the Ankylosauridae).	Gargoyleosaurus	Ankylosauridae
parent taxon	Arctocephalites is an extinct ammonitic cephalopod genus from the Middle Jurassic with a wide northern distribution belonging to the stephanoceratacean family, Cardioceratidae.	Arctocephalites	Cardioceratidae
parent taxon	Agrostophyllum is a genus with about ninety species from the orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Agrostophyllum	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Xenocephalites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod genus from the late Middle Jurassic belonging to the stephanoceratoid family Macrocephalitidae.	Xenocephalites	Macrocephalitidae
parent taxon	Solo Man (Homo erectus soloensis) was formerly classified as Homo sapiens soloensis and is now regarded as a subspecies of the extinct hominin, Homo erectus.	Solo Man	Homo erectus
parent taxon	Heteropsis is a genus in the family Araceae, native to Central America and South America.	Heteropsis	Araceae
parent taxon	Dythemis is a Neotropical genus of dragonflies in the Libellulidae family, commonly known as Setwings.	Dythemis	Libellulidae
parent taxon	Manouria is a genus of tortoise in the Testudinidae family.	Manouria	tortoise
parent taxon	Elasmaspis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida, that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now Russia.	Elasmaspis	Phacopida
parent taxon	Microgomphodon is a member of the family Bauriidae and a close relative of Bauria, another South African bauriid from the CAZ.	Microgomphodon	Bauriidae
parent taxon	Fiebrigiella gracilis is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Fiebrigiella	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Karamoja apalis (Apalis karamojae) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Karamoja apalis	Apalis
parent taxon	The Fiordland skink, Oligosoma acrinasum, is a species of skink endemic to the Fiordland temperate forests ecoregion of South Island, New Zealand.	Fiordland skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	Africorchestia is a genus of sand-hoppers in the family Talitridae.	Africorchestia	Talitridae
parent taxon	The Manu antbird (Cercomacra manu) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Manu antbird	Cercomacra
parent taxon	Canarypox virus (CNPV) is an Avipoxvirus and etiologic agent of canarypox, a disease of wild and captive birds that can cause significant losses.	Canarypox	Avipoxvirus
parent taxon	Anacolus sanguineus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Anacolus.	Anacolus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Pygmy rockfish (Sebastes wilsoni) is a rockfish of the genus Sebastes.	Pygmy rockfish	Sebastes
parent taxon	Cretevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae, which existed in what is now China, Burma, England, Lebanon, Mongolia, Russia and Spain during the Cretaceous period.	Cretevania	Evaniidae
parent taxon	Chloroharpax is a genus of praying mantis in the family Hymenopodidae and contains only one species, Chloroharpax modesta.	Chloroharpax	Hymenopodidae
parent taxon	Seal's sportive lemur (Lepilemur seali), or the Anjanaharibe-Sud sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Seal's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Maoricrater is a genus of true limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lepetidae, the true limpets.	Maoricrater	Lepetidae
parent taxon	Paracassina is a genus of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family, sometimes known as common striped frogs.	Paracassina	Hyperoliidae
parent taxon	There are two species, the sooty albatross, Phoebetria fusca, and the light-mantled albatross, Phoebetria palpebrata.	Phoebetria	albatross
parent taxon	Laopteryx is the name assigned to a pterosaur (flying reptile) from the Upper Jurassic Morrison Formation of Wyoming, USA; it was originally thought to be a bird.	Laopteryx	pterosaur
parent taxon	Silaum is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot/parsley family, Apiaceae.	Silaum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Order Primates Suborder Strepsirrhini Infraorder †Adapiformes Infraorder Lemuriformes Superfamily Lemuroidea: lemurs Superfamily Lorisoidea Family Lorisidae: lorises, pottos, and angwantibos Family Galagidae: galagos Suborder Haplorhini: tarsiers, monkeys, and apes	Lorisoidea	Strepsirrhini
parent taxon	Laevicardium, common name ``egg cockles'', is a genus of saltwater clams or cockles, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Laevicardium	Cardiidae
parent taxon	In the APG III classification system, Maianthemum is placed in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Nolinoideae (formerly the family Ruscaceae).	Maianthemum	Nolinoideae
parent taxon	The Megamerinidae are a family of flies (Diptera) with about 11 species in the genera Protexara Yang, Megamerina Rondani, and Texara Walker.	Megamerinidae	Diptera
parent taxon	Ancylotherium (from Greek, meaning ``hooked beast'') is an extinct genus of the family Chalicotheriidae, subfamily Schizotheriinae, endemic to Europe, Asia, and Africa during the Late Miocene-Pliocene (9.0--1.8 mya), existing for approximately 7.2 million years.	Ancylotherium	Schizotheriinae
parent taxon	Ooia is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae, formally described in 2010.	Ooia	Araceae
parent taxon	Platycypha is a genus of African damselflies in the jewel damselfly family (Chlorocyphidae).	Platycypha	Chlorocyphidae
parent taxon	The Antarctic armless flounder (Mancopsetta maculata) is a species of southern flounder found on subantarctic shelves, around Antarctic islands, and banks off East Antarctica.	Antarctic armless flounder	Mancopsetta
parent taxon	Bolbomyia is a genus of snipe fly, and the sole genus in the family Bolbomyiidae; until 2010, it was placed in the family Rhagionidae.	Bolbomyia	Rhagionidae
parent taxon	The Okinawa rail (Gallirallus okinawae) is a species of bird in the rail family, Rallidae.	Okinawa rail	Gallirallus
parent taxon	Cerithiopsis is a genus of very small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Cerithiopsidae.	Cerithiopsis	Cerithiopsidae
parent taxon	Acanthocystis turfacea chlorella virus 1 (ATCV-1), also called Chlorovirus ATCV-1 or Chlorella virus ATCV-1 is a species of giant double-stranded DNA virus in the Chlorovirus genus.	Acanthocystis turfacea chlorella virus 1	Chlorovirus
parent taxon	Rhizosmilodon is an extinct genus of saber-tooth cat of the subfamily Machairodontinae that lived during the Early Pliocene and was discovered in the U.S. state of Florida.	Rhizosmilodon	Machairodontinae
parent taxon	Claviger is a genus of beetles in the family Staphylinidae, subfamily Pselaphinae.	Claviger	Staphylinidae
parent taxon	Terelliosoma heryngii is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Terelliosoma of the family Ulidiidae.	Terelliosoma heryngii	Ulidiidae
parent taxon	The Organ pipe coral (Tubipora musica) is an alcyonarian coral native to the waters of the Indian Ocean and the central and western regions of the Pacific Ocean.	Organ pipe coral	Tubipora
parent taxon	Chauliodus danae, or dana viperfish, is a species of viperfish in the family Stomiidae.	Chauliodus danae	viperfish
parent taxon	The Styracaceae are a small family of flowering plants in the order Ericales, containing 11 genera and about 160 species of trees and shrubs.	Styracaceae	Ericales
parent taxon	Within the Lamiaceae, Salvia is part of the tribe Mentheae within the subfamily Nepetoideae.	Salvia	Mentheae
parent taxon	The Florida scrub jay (Aphelocoma coerulescens) is one of the species of scrub jay native to North America.	Florida scrub jay	Aphelocoma
parent taxon	Heuglin's wheatear (Oenanthe heuglini) is a small passerine bird in the wheatear genus Oenanthe.	Heuglin's wheatear	Oenanthe
parent taxon	Aphanostephus (dozedaisy) is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Aphanostephus	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Piedmont anomalous blue (Polyommatus humedasae) is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Piedmont anomalous blue	Polyommatus
parent taxon	Hemigordiopsidae is a miliolid family included in the Cornuspiracea (Loeblich & Tappan 1988) that has a range extending from the Early Carboniferous (Visean) to the present.	Hemigordiopsidae	Cornuspiracea
parent taxon	Brongersma's tree frog (Litoria brongersmai) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae.	Brongersma's tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Saurothera was a genus of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Saurothera	Cuculidae
parent taxon	The Nubian spitting cobra (Naja nubiae) is a species of spitting cobra native to Africa.	Nubian spitting cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The Rio Grande leopard frog (Rana berlandieri) is a species of aquatic frog native to the southern United States in Texas and New Mexico, and south through Mexico and Central America.	Rio Grande leopard frog	Rana
parent taxon	Molecular studies have demonstrated the phylogenetic placement of Rubiaceae within the order Gentianales and the monophyly of the family is confirmed.	Rubiaceae	Gentianales
parent taxon	Amherstia nobilis (Burmese: သော်ကကြီး (θɔ̀ka̰ dʑí); the Pride of Burma, in the Fabaceae family) is a tropical tree with large, showy flowers.	Amherstia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	The Mongolian silver vole (Alticola semicanus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Mongolian silver vole	Alticola
parent taxon	Melanargia is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae tribe Satyrini subtribe Melanargiina belonging to the family Nymphalidae.	Melanargia	Satyrini
parent taxon	Lieberman however, argues Callavia is a basal member of the Judomioidea.	Callavia	Judomioidea
parent taxon	Torrendia is a genus of agaric fungi in the family Amanitaceae.	Torrendia	Amanitaceae
parent taxon	The Taipei tree frog, Rhacophorus taipeianus, is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Taiwan.	Taipei tree frog	Rhacophorus
parent taxon	Epistocavea mururoa is a species of crabs in the family Xanthidae, the only species in the genus Epistocavea.	Epistocavea	Xanthidae
parent taxon	Spiders of the genus Argyrodes (Theridiidae), also called dewdrop spiders, occur worldwide.	Argyrodes	Theridiidae
parent taxon	The Cozumel emerald (Chlorostilbon forficatus) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.	Cozumel emerald	Chlorostilbon
parent taxon	Urodidae or ``false burnet moths'' is a family of insects in the lepidopteran order, representing its own superfamily, Urodoidea, with three genera, one of which, Wockia, occurs in Europe.	Urodidae	Urodoidea
parent taxon	Turbinella is a genus of very large sea snails with an operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae.	Turbinella	Turbinellidae
parent taxon	Protoparevania is an extinct genus of Evaniidae from the Cretaceous.	Protoparevania	Evaniidae
parent taxon	Pitheciinae is a subfamily of the New World monkey family Pitheciidae.	Pitheciinae	Pitheciidae
parent taxon	The Pyrenean chamois (French: izard or isard, Spanish: rebeco or gamuza, Catalan: isard, Italian: camoscio, Aragonese: sarrio or chizardo), Rupicapra pyrenaica, is a goat antelope that lives in the Pyrenees, Cantabrian Mountains and Apennine Mountains.	Pyrenean chamois	Rupicapra
parent taxon	The Kori salamander (Hynobius yangi) is a species of salamander endemic to southeastern South Korea.	Kori salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	Kinetoplastida (or Kinetoplastea, as a class) is a group of flagellated protists belonging to the phylum Euglenozoa, and characterised by the presence of an organelle called kinetoplast (hence the name).	Kinetoplastida	Euglenozoa
parent taxon	Onchidoris is a genus of dorid nudibranchs in the family Onchidorididae.	Onchidoris	Onchidorididae
parent taxon	Speagonum mirabile is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speagonum.	Speagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Pacuma toadfish (Batrachoides surinamensis) is a species of toadfish found in the Caribbean Sea and Atlantic Ocean along the coasts of Central and South America from Honduras to Brazil.	Pacuma toadfish	Batrachoides
parent taxon	Snakebark maples are maples belong to the taxonomic section Acer sect.	Snakebark maple	Acer
parent taxon	Reptiliomorpha Order Chroniosuchia Family Bystrowianidae Axitectum Bystrowiana Bystrowiella Dromotectum Synesuchus Family Chroniosuchidae Chroniosaurus Chroniosuchus Ingentidens Jarilinus Madygenerpeton Phratochronis Uralerpeton Suchonica	Chroniosuchia	Reptiliomorpha
parent taxon	Ricinocarpos is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1817.	Ricinocarpos	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Tarsiger is a genus of six species of birds in the family Muscicapidae.	Tarsiger	Muscicapidae
parent taxon	The Transvaal flat gecko (Afroedura transvaalica) is a species of gecko endemic to Southern Africa.	Transvaal flat gecko	Afroedura
parent taxon	The Kolar leaf-nosed bat (Hipposideros hypophyllus) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Kolar leaf-nosed bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Bacteridiella is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Bacteridiella	Pyramidellidae
parent taxon	Anemonia is a genus of sea anemones belonging to the family Actiniidae	Anemonia	Actiniidae
parent taxon	Geranopterus is an extinct genus of Eocoraciidae that lived during the late Eocene to early Miocene in Europe.	Geranopterus	Eocoraciidae
parent taxon	The Cameroon sunbird (Cyanomitra oritis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Cameroon sunbird	Cyanomitra
parent taxon	The Williamson's marsupial frog (Gastrotheca williamsoni) is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Williamson's marsupial frog	Gastrotheca
parent taxon	The Dubois's seedeater (Sporophila ardesiaca) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.	Dubois's seedeater	Sporophila
parent taxon	Mallaspis scutellaris is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Mallaspis.	Mallaspis	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Conasauga logperch (Percina jenkinsi) is a species of fish in the Percidae family.	Conasauga logperch	Percina
parent taxon	The Philippine sailfin lizard, crested lizard, sail-fin lizard, sailfin water lizard, or soa-soa water lizard (Hydrosaurus pustulatus) is an oviparous lizard living only in the Philippines.	Philippine sailfin lizard	Hydrosaurus
parent taxon	The Proterocameroceratidae were the first of the Endocerida.	Proterocameroceratidae	Endocerida
parent taxon	The Nyanza barb (Barbus nyanzae) is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Nyanza barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature Psychopterys Anderson, W. R., and S. Corso.	Psychopterys	Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae
parent taxon	The Colubrinae are a subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes.	Colubrinae	Colubridae
parent taxon	Darwin's frog (Rhinoderma darwinii), also called the southern Darwin's frog is a rhinodermatid frog native to the forest streams of Chile and Argentina.	Darwin's frog	Rhinoderma
parent taxon	The Congrinae are a subfamily of eels in the Congridae family.	Congrinae	Congridae
parent taxon	Tympanobasis (Ancient Greek: Τύμπανο + βάσις) is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	Tympanobasis	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Altamaha lance, scientific name Elliptio shepardiana, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels, naiads or unionids.	Altamaha lance	Elliptio
parent taxon	The Venezuelan suntiger (Psalmopoeus irminia) is a striking tarantula species from Venezuela and hence considered a New World species.	Venezuelan suntiger	Psalmopoeus
parent taxon	The Uncompahgre fritillary (Boloria acrocnema) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Uncompahgre fritillary	Boloria
parent taxon	Forrest's mountain vole (Neodon forresti) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found within China in northwest Yunnan.	Forrest's mountain vole	Neodon
parent taxon	Algansea is a genus of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae, distributed in inland waters of Mexico.	Algansea	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Xenorhabdus is a genus of motile, gram-negative bacteria from the family of the Enterobacteriaceae.	Xenorhabdus	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	Phymateus is a genus of grasshoppers belonging to the Pyrgomorphidae family.	Phymateus	Pyrgomorphidae
parent taxon	Tasmaphena is a genus of medium-sized, predatory, air-breathing land snails, carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Rhytididae.	Tasmaphena	Rhytididae
parent taxon	Venerupis is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs in the family Veneridae, commonly known as carpet shells.	Venerupis	Veneridae
parent taxon	White spot syndrome virus is the lone virus (and type species) of the genus Whispovirus (white spot), which is the only genus in the family Nimaviridae.	White spot syndrome	Whispovirus
parent taxon	Metadentobunus formosae is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Metadentobunus	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Ctenolophus is a spider genus in the family Idiopidae found in South Africa.	Ctenolophus	Idiopidae
parent taxon	Evgeny Kurochkin argued in 1996 that Alexornis formed a natural group, the Alexornithidae, with Kizylkumavis and a second type of central Asian bird, Sazavis.	Alexornis	Alexornithidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan sandgrouse (Pterocles personatus) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family.	Madagascan sandgrouse	Pterocles
parent taxon	Mesocolpodes coptoderoides is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Mesocolpodes.	Mesocolpodes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pseudochrodes suturalis is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Pseudochrodes.	Pseudochrodes	Silvanidae
parent taxon	Triboniophorus is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Athoracophoridae, the leaf-veined slugs.	Triboniophorus	Athoracophoridae
parent taxon	Parin's spinyfin, Diretmichthys parini, is a spinyfin of the monotypic genus Diretmichthys.	Parin's spinyfin	Diretmichthys
parent taxon	Verbesina, or crownbeard, is a genus of flowering plants, in the daisy family (Asteraceae).	Verbesina	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Egyptian slit-faced bat (Nycteris thebaica) is a species of slit-faced bat broadly distributed throughout Africa and the Middle East.	Egyptian slit-faced bat	Nycteris
parent taxon	The Leucospidae (sometimes incorrectly spelled Leucospididae) are a small, specialized group within the Chalcidoidea, composed exclusively of ectoparasitoids of aculeate wasps or bees.	Leucospidae	Chalcidoidea
parent taxon	Russell assigned Archaeornithomimus to the Ornithomimidae.	Archaeornithomimus	Ornithomimidae
parent taxon	Crassicantharus is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks	Crassicantharus	Buccinidae
parent taxon	Tabanus is a genus of biting horseflies of the family Tabanidae.	Tabanus	Tabanidae
parent taxon	Baillonella toxisperma (also called African pearwood, djave nut, or moabi) is a species of tree in the family Sapotaceae, and the only species in the genus Baillonella.	Baillonella	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Chiapan deer mouse (Peromyscus zarhynchus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Chiapan deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Pseudolabis is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Oligocene through Miocene 24.8--20.6 mya, existing for approximately 4.2 million years.	Pseudolabis	Camelidae
parent taxon	Cephalodiscida is one of two orders in the class Pterobranchia, which are small, worm-shaped animals.	Cephalodiscida	Pterobranchia
parent taxon	Polycentrus is a genus of fish belonging to the Polycentridae family.	Polycentrus	Polycentridae
parent taxon	Neurotrichini is a tribe within the subfamily Talpinae of the mole family.	Neurotrichini	Talpinae
parent taxon	The Macquarie parakeet (Cyanoramphus erythrotis), also known as the Macquarie Island parakeet, is an extinct parrot from subantarctic Macquarie Island, an outlying part of Tasmania, Australia, in the Southern Ocean.	Macquarie parakeet	Cyanoramphus
parent taxon	Metatrophis is a genus of plant in the nettle family, Urticaceae.	Metatrophis	Urticaceae
parent taxon	Amphimenes is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, the ground beetles.	Amphimenes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Plagiocheilus is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Plagiocheilus	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Eudaminae are a subfamily of skipper butterflies (family Hesperiidae).	Eudaminae	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Thaumatichthys is a genus of deep-sea anglerfish in the family Thaumatichthyidae, with three known species.	Thaumatichthys	Thaumatichthyidae
parent taxon	Also, several species are currently placed in several other genera of Carangidae that were originally described under Seriola.	Seriola	Carangidae
parent taxon	The Prince Regent gudgeon (Hypseleotris regalis) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to Australia, where it is only known to occur in clear, rocky pools in the Prince Regent Reserve in Western Australia.	Prince Regent gudgeon	Hypseleotris
parent taxon	Catjang (Vigna unguiculata subsp. cylindrica) is a subspecies of cowpea.	Catjang	Vigna unguiculata
parent taxon	Novisuccinea is a genus of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Succineidae, the ambersnails.	Novisuccinea	Succineidae
parent taxon	Syllepte hemichionalis is a moth species in the genus Leucinodes of the family of Crambidae.	Syllepte hemichionalis	Leucinodes
parent taxon	The Quechuan mouse opossum (Marmosa quichua) is a South American opossum species of the family Didelphidae.	Quechuan mouse opossum	Marmosa
parent taxon	The Himalayan white-browed rosefinch (Carpodacus thura) is a true finch species (family Fringillidae).	Himalayan white-browed rosefinch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	Luschan's salamander or the Lycian salamander (Lyciasalamandra luschani) is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found in Greece and Turkey.	Luschan's salamander	Lyciasalamandra
parent taxon	In 1955, Parioxys was placed as the sole member of the newly erected family Parioxyidae.	Parioxys	Parioxyidae
parent taxon	Megalania (Megalania prisca or Varanus priscus) is an extinct giant goanna or monitor lizard.	Megalania	monitor lizard
parent taxon	Adam's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus adami) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Adam's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Calopterygidae are a family of damselflies, the suborder Zygoptera.	Calopterygidae	Zygoptera
parent taxon	The Mistratoan yellow-shouldered bat (Sturnira mistratensis), is a species of leaf-nosed bat indigenous to the western Andes, in the Mistrato municipality in Risaralda, Colombia.	Mistratoan yellow-shouldered bat	Sturnira
parent taxon	Silverstone's salamander (Bolitoglossa silverstonei) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Silverstone's salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Platychasmatinae is a small East Asian subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae.	Platychasmatinae	Notodontidae
parent taxon	(2014) recovered Aurornis outside Avialae; it was recovered as a troodontid closely related to Anchiornis, Xiaotingia and Eosinopteryx.	Aurornis	Avialae
parent taxon	The Kei flying fox (Pteropus keyensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found in the Kai Islands of Indonesia.	Kei flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Plicatura is a fungal genus in the order Agaricales.	Plicatura	Agaricales
parent taxon	Necydalinae is a small subfamily of the longhorn beetle family (Cerambycidae), historically treated as a tribe within the subfamily Lepturinae, but recently recognized as a separate subfamily.	Necydalinae	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Lily Shoals elimia, scientific name Elimia annettae, is a species of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae.	Lily Shoals elimia	Elimia
parent taxon	The Upemba mud turtle (Pelusios upembae) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family.	Upemba mud turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	Mordella is the type genus of the tumbling flower beetle family (Mordellidae), its subfamily Mordellinae and the tribe Mordellini.	Mordella	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Sphenocoelus is an extinct genus of brontothere of the subfamily Dolichorhininae, family Brontotheriidae, endemic to North America during the Middle Eocene epoch (46.2--42 mya), existing for approximately 4.2 million years.	Sphenocoelus	Brontotheriidae
parent taxon	Adyte assimilis is a marine polychaete scale worm in the family Polynoidae.	Adyte assimilis	Polynoidae
parent taxon	Cyrtodactylus is a diverse genus of Asian geckos, commonly known as bent-toed geckos or bow-fingered geckos.	Cyrtodactylus	geckos
parent taxon	Comesperma is a genus of shrubs, herbs and lianas in the family Polygalaceae.	Comesperma	Polygalaceae
parent taxon	Agrimonia (from the Greek ἀργεμώνη), commonly known as agrimony, is a genus of 12--15 species of perennial herbaceous flowering plants in the family Rosaceae, native to the temperate regions of the Northern Hemisphere, with one species also in Africa.	Agrimonia	Rosaceae
parent taxon	Amaryllideae are a tribe of subfamily Amaryllidoideae (family Amaryllidaceae).	Amaryllideae	Amaryllidoideae
parent taxon	Amphibulimidae is a taxonomic family of land snails, semi-slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Orthalicoidea.	Amphibulimidae	Orthalicoidea
parent taxon	Speotrechus mayeti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Speotrechus.	Speotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Dendromurinae is a subfamily of rodents in the family Nesomyidae and superfamily Muroidea.	Dendromurinae	Nesomyidae
parent taxon	The Asiatic long-tailed climbing mouse (Vandeleuria oleracea) is a species of rodent found in South and South-east Asia.	Asiatic long-tailed climbing mouse	Vandeleuria
parent taxon	The Shoshone sculpin (Cottus greenei) is a species of fish in the Cottidae family.	Shoshone sculpin	Cottus
parent taxon	Carr and Hlavin (2010) resurrect Dunkleosteidae and place Dunkleosteus, Eastmanosteus, and a few other genera from Dinichthyidae within it.	Dunkleosteus	Dunkleosteidae
parent taxon	Oscadytes rovirai is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Oscadytes.	Oscadytes	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Madagascan cuckoo (Cuculus rochii), also known as the Madagascar lesser cuckoo, is a species of cuckoo in the Cuculidae family.	Madagascan cuckoo	Cuculus
parent taxon	Mountelgonia is a genus of moths belonging to the family Cossidae, Metarbelidae.	Mountelgonia	Metarbelidae
parent taxon	The Australian garden orb weaver spider (Eriophora transmarina) is a very common species of spider with many variants in size, shape, and colour across the coastal regions of the eastern states of Australia.	Australian garden orb weaver spider	Eriophora
parent taxon	The Réunion swamphen, Réunion gallinule or oiseau bleu (Porphyrio coerulescens) is a hypothetical species of extinct rail from Réunion, Mascarenes only known from reports of travellers.	Réunion swamphen	Porphyrio
parent taxon	The Para dog-faced bat (Cynomops paranus), is a South American bat species of the family Molossidae.	Para dog-faced bat	Cynomops
parent taxon	The Saunders's tern (Sternula saundersi) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae.	Saunders's tern	Sternula
parent taxon	Chlorolestes is a genus of damselflies in the family Synlestidae.	Chlorolestes	Synlestidae
parent taxon	Spartiniphaga was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered to be a synonym of Photedes.	Spartiniphaga	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Arabian red fox (Vulpes vulpes arabica) is a subspecies of the red fox native to Arabia, specifically Dhofar and Al Hajar Mountains in Oman and they are also found in UAE Syria, Jordan and Israel to Saudi Arabia and Yemen.	Arabian red fox	Vulpes vulpes
parent taxon	Godinotia is an extinct genus of strepsirrhine primate belonging to the Adapidae family.	Godinotia	Adapidae
parent taxon	The Cambodian laughingthrush (Garrulax ferrarius) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Cambodian laughingthrush	Garrulax
parent taxon	The Pallas's sandgrouse (Syrrhaptes paradoxus) is a medium large bird in the sandgrouse family named after the German zoologist Peter Simon Pallas.	Pallas's sandgrouse	Syrrhaptes
parent taxon	The Jico deer mouse (Habromys simulatus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae found only in Mexico.	Jico deer mouse	Habromys
parent taxon	The Tanganyika clown (Eretmodus cyanostictus) is a species of fish in the Cichlidae family.	Tanganyika clown	Eretmodus
parent taxon	Cabot's tern (Thalasseus acuflavidus) is a bird in the family Sternidae recently separated from the Sandwich tern (Thalasseus sandvicensis).	Cabot's tern	Thalasseus
parent taxon	Dittoceras is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1883.	Dittoceras	Apocynaceae
parent taxon	Xyleborini are a tribe of ambrosia beetles (alternatively called subtribe Xyleborina of tribe Scolytini), highly specialized weevils of the subfamily Scolytinae.	Xyleborini	Scolytinae
parent taxon	Serinethinae is a subfamily of the hemipteran family Rhopalidae, sometimes known as soapberry bugs.	Serinethinae	Rhopalidae
parent taxon	Miller's saki (Pithecia milleri), also known as Miller's monk saki, is a species of saki monkey, a type of New World monkey.	Miller's saki	saki monkey
parent taxon	Tolypocladium ophioglossoides, also known by two of its better known synonyms Elaphocordyceps ophioglossoides and Cordyceps ophioglossoides and commonly known as the goldenthread cordyceps, is a species of fungus in the family Ophiocordycipitaceae.	Tolypocladium ophioglossoides	Elaphocordyceps
parent taxon	Pappea capensis is a South African tree in the family Sapindaceae.	Pappea	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Platyoides is a genus of spiders belonging to the family Trochanteriidae.	Platyoides	Trochanteriidae
parent taxon	Prochilodus is a genus of freshwater fish from the family Prochilodontidae.	Prochilodus	Prochilodontidae
parent taxon	In 2010 a new proposed classification system for the Bivalvia was published by Bieler, Carter & Coan revising the classification of the Bivalvia, including the subclass Pteriomorphia.	Pteriomorphia	Bivalvia
parent taxon	Amakusaplana is a genus of free-living marine turbellarian flatworms in the family Prosthiostomidae.	Amakusaplana	Prosthiostomidae
parent taxon	Hamaticolax is a genus of parasitic copepods belonging to the family Bomolochidae.	Hamaticolax	Bomolochidae
parent taxon	Together the two genera make up the family Campynemataceae sensu Angiosperm Phylogeny Group (APG), within the Liliales order.	Campynemataceae	Liliales
parent taxon	The Spanish dancer, scientific name Hexabranchus sanguineus (literally meaning ``blood-colored six-gills''), is a dorid nudibranch, a very large and colorful sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hexabranchidae.	Spanish dancer	Hexabranchus
parent taxon	The Orthosiini are a mid-sized tribe of noctuid moths in the subfamily Hadeninae.	Orthosiini	Hadeninae
parent taxon	Alvarado's salamander or Moravia de Chirripo salamander (Bolitoglossa alvaradoi) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Alvarado's salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Hannaphota distincta is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Hannaphota.	Hannaphota	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Nimba otter shrew (Micropotamogale lamottei) is a dwarf otter shrew and belongs to the mammal family Tenrecidae.	Nimba otter shrew	Micropotamogale
parent taxon	Apteralcidion lapierrei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Apteralcidion.	Apteralcidion	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Gavialidium is a genus of insects found in Malaysia, belonging to the Tetrigidae family of Orthopterans.	Gavialidium	Tetrigidae
parent taxon	The Hawaiian hopseed looper moth (Scotorythra paratactis) is a species of moth in the Geometridae family.	Hawaiian hopseed looper moth	Scotorythra
parent taxon	Spatalla is a genus containing 20 species of flowering plants, commonly known as ``spoons'', in the Proteaceae family.	Spatalla	Proteaceae
parent taxon	The Meek's lorikeet (Charmosyna meeki) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.	Meek's lorikeet	Charmosyna
parent taxon	The Shelley's sunbird (Cinnyris shelleyi) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Shelley's sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	The Norway bullhead (Micrenophrys lilljeborgii) is a coastal fish of the family Cottidae, found in Northern Europe.	Norway bullhead	Micrenophrys
parent taxon	Nava's wren (Hylorchilus navai) Sumichrast's wren (Hylorchilus sumichrasti)	Hylorchilus	wren
parent taxon	Rhinecanthus is a triggerfish genus from the Indo-Pacific.	Rhinecanthus	triggerfish
parent taxon	Aciphylla is a genus of about 40 species of plants in the Apiaceae family, endemic to New Zealand and Australia.	Aciphylla	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Leuciscinae, commonly known as true minnows, are a large subfamily of the freshwater fish family Cyprinidae.	Leuciscinae	Cyprinidae
parent taxon	Xyletininae is a subfamily of Beetles in the family Anobiidae.	Xyletininae	Anobiidae
parent taxon	The Allen's gallinule (Porphyrio alleni), formerly known as the lesser gallinule is a small waterbird of the family Rallidae.	Allen's gallinule	Porphyrio
parent taxon	The Kafue mole-rat (Fukomys kafuensis) is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae.	Kafue mole-rat	Fukomys
parent taxon	Tarunius punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae, the only species in the genus Tarunius.	Tarunius	Monotomidae
parent taxon	Poliodes is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species, Poliodes roseicornis, which is known from dry bush in Ethiopia, Somalia and Kenya.	Poliodes	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Eastern smooth frog or Victorian smooth froglet (Geocrinia victoriana) is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.	Eastern smooth frog	Geocrinia
parent taxon	Dicranophora is a genus of two mold species in the family Mucoraceae.	Dicranophora	Mucoraceae
parent taxon	Musseromys is a genus of rodent in the family Muridae.	Musseromys	Muridae
parent taxon	Codoceras is a nautiloid genus belonging to the Polyelasmoceratidae, an Oncocerida family.	Codoceras	Polyelasmoceratidae
parent taxon	The Chinese white-toothed shrew (Crocidura rapax) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Chinese white-toothed shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Stresemann's bushcrow (Zavattariornis stresemanni), also known as Abyssinian pie, bush crow, Ethiopian bushcrow, or by its generic name Zavattariornis, is a rather starling-like bird, which is currently thought to be member of the crow family, Corvidae, though this is uncertain.	Stresemann's bushcrow	Zavattariornis
parent taxon	Tyndarimorpha areolata is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Tyndarimorpha.	Tyndarimorpha	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Endothyracea is a superfamily in the foraminiferal order, Fusulinida (or as often, suborder Fusulinina) known from the upper Devonian to the Lower Permian.	Endothyracea	Fusulinina
parent taxon	The Malayan forest gecko, Cyrtodactylus pulchellus, is a species of gecko found in Southeast Asia.	Malayan forest gecko	Cyrtodactylus
parent taxon	The Sphenacodontoidea evolved from earlier Sphenacodontia such as Haptodus via a number of transitional stages of small, unspecialised pelycosaurs.	Sphenacodontoidea	Sphenacodontia
parent taxon	Plagiostyles is a plant genus in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897.	Plagiostyles	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Paralpenus is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from the Afrotropics.	Paralpenus	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Cedrus (common name Cedar) is a genus of coniferous trees in the plant family Pinaceae.	Cedrus	Pinaceae
parent taxon	Geograpsus is a genus of crabs in the family Grapsidae, containing five species:	Geograpsus	Grapsidae
parent taxon	The Breyer's long-tailed seps (Tetradactylus breyeri) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.	Breyer's long-tailed seps	Tetradactylus
parent taxon	Vulcaniella is a genus of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae, containing the following species:	Vulcaniella	Cosmopterigidae
parent taxon	It belongs to the subfamily Faboideae, and was recently assigned to the informal monophyletic Pterocarpus clade within the Dalbergieae.	Pterocarpus	Dalbergieae
parent taxon	The Ryukyu wood pigeon (Columba jouyi), otherwise known as the silver-banded or silver-crescented pigeon is an extinct species of bird in the Columba genus in the family Columbidae.	Ryukyu wood pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	The Korean crevice salamander (Karsenia koreana) is a lungless salamander.	Korean crevice salamander	Karsenia
parent taxon	Opisthorchiida is an order of flatworms in the subclass Digenea.	Opisthorchiida	Digenea
parent taxon	Chaetocarpus is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1854.	Chaetocarpus	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	The Venus flytrap (also referred to as Venus's flytrap or Venus' flytrap), Dionaea muscipula, is a carnivorous plant native to subtropical wetlands on the East Coast of the United States in North Carolina and South Carolina.	Venus flytrap	Dionaea
parent taxon	Phoca is a genus of the earless seals, within the family Phocidae.	Phoca	Phocidae
parent taxon	Microbarypus silvicola is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Microbarypus.	Microbarypus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Admiralty Island cuscus or Manus Island spotted cuscus (Spilocuscus kraemeri) is a species of marsupial in the family Phalangeridae.	Admiralty Island cuscus	Spilocuscus
parent taxon	Licaria is a flowering plant genus in the family Lauraceae, endemic of Central America and South America.	Licaria	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Eufalloides holmesi is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae, the only species in the genus Eufalloides.	Eufalloides	Latridiidae
parent taxon	The La Selle red-legged frog or Furcy robber frog (Eleutherodactylus furcyensis) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	La Selle red-legged frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Francoa is a genus of the Melianthaceae family which consists of herbs endemic to Chile.	Francoa	Melianthaceae
parent taxon	Prophenorites marojejyanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Prophenorites.	Prophenorites	Carabidae
parent taxon	Zoysieae is a tribe of grasses in subfamily Chloridoideae, with around 250 species in four genera.	Zoysieae	Chloridoideae
parent taxon	Neomphaloidea is a superfamily of deep-sea snails or limpets, marine gastropod mollusks previously regarded as in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005), but now classified in its own clade the Neomphalina.	Neomphaloidea	Vetigastropoda	Neomphalina
parent taxon	Johnson grass or Johnsongrass, Sorghum halepense, is a plant in the grass family, Poaceae, native to the Mediterranean region, but grows throughout Europe and the Middle East.	Johnson grass	Sorghum
parent taxon	The Junin crake or Junin rail (Laterallus tuerosi) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Junin crake	Laterallus
parent taxon	Parabembras is a genus of sprat-like flatheads, the only genus in the family Parabembridae.	Parabembras	Parabembridae
parent taxon	The Mozambique tilapia (Oreochromis mossambicus) is a tilapiine cichlid fish native to southern Africa.	Mozambique tilapia	Oreochromis
parent taxon	Pasawioops is an extinct genus of dissorophoid euskelian temnospondyl within the family Amphibamidae.	Pasawioops	Amphibamidae
parent taxon	Macutula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) from Brazil.	Macutula	Salticidae
parent taxon	The Bulwer's petrel (Bulweria bulwerii) is a small petrel in the family Procellariidae, and is one of two species in the genus Bulweria (Bonaparte, 1843).	Bulwer's petrel	Bulweria
parent taxon	Nodipecten is a genus of large scallops, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Pectinidae, the scallops.	Nodipecten	Pectinidae
parent taxon	Baird's sparrow (Ammodramus bairdii) is a species of North American birds in the family Emberizidae of order Passeriformes.	Baird's sparrow	Ammodramus
parent taxon	Rockinghamia is a plant genus of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae), first described as a genus in 1966.	Rockinghamia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Sage's rock rat (Aconaemys sagei) is a species of rodent in the family Octodontidae.	Sage's rock rat	Aconaemys
parent taxon	Most of the species now recognized as being members of Kriegeriales were for a long time placed as incertae sedis (meaning that the exact placement is unknown) in class Microbotryomycetes.	Kriegeriales	Microbotryomycetes
parent taxon	Butherium erythropus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Butherium.	Butherium	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Naticinae are a subfamily of medium to large-sized predatory sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Naticidae, the moon snails.	Naticinae	Naticidae
parent taxon	Dysderoidea are members of the Haplogynae clade: spiders with simpler copulatory organs (palpal bulbs and epigynes) than other araneomorphs.	Dysderoidea	Haplogynae
parent taxon	The Madura horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus madurensis) is a species of bat from the family Rhinolophidae.	Madura horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Coelotrochus is a genus of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Coelotrochus	Trochidae
parent taxon	The Kashmir stag (Cervus elaphus hanglu), also called hangul, is a subspecies of red deer native to India.	Kashmir stag	Cervus elaphus
parent taxon	Antipathidae is a family of the order Antipatharia containing the following genera:	Antipathidae	Antipatharia
parent taxon	Holosteum is a genus of plants in the Pink family (Caryophyllaceae) with 3 or 4 species native from southern Europe through central and south western Asia and in Africa.	Holosteum	Caryophyllaceae
parent taxon	The Nyiro shrew (Crocidura macowi) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Nyiro shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Austromuellera is a genus of only two known species of medium-sized trees, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Austromuellera	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Plinia is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae described by Linnaeus in 1753.	Plinia	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	The Rusty-bellied brush-furred rat (Lophuromys sikapusi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Rusty-bellied brush-furred rat	Lophuromys
parent taxon	Nerillida is an order of annelid worms in the class Polychaeta.	Nerillida	Polychaeta
parent taxon	Bracken (Pteridium) is a genus of large, coarse ferns in the family Dennstaedtiaceae.	Bracken	Dennstaedtiaceae
parent taxon	The Darjeeling woodpecker (Dendrocopos darjellensis) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Darjeeling woodpecker	Dendrocopos
parent taxon	The Cinderella fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys cinderella) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Cinderella fat-tailed mouse opossum	Thylamys
parent taxon	The Echinostomida are an order of flatworms, belonging to the large group Digenea.	Echinostomida	Digenea
parent taxon	Liphyrinae is a butterfly subfamily within the family Lycaenidae, whose members are also known as gossamer-winged butterflies.	Liphyrinae	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Nuculanoida is an order of very small saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the subclass Protobranchia.	Nuculanoida	Protobranchia
parent taxon	Carangoides is a genus of tropical to subtropical marine fishes in the jack family, Carangidae.	Carangoides	Carangidae
parent taxon	Antelientomon is a genus of hexapods in the order Protura, and the only genus in the family Antelientomidae.	Antelientomon	Antelientomidae
parent taxon	Frankites is an extinct genus of cephalopod from the Triassic period included in the Trachyceratidae, a family of mostly evolute ammonites, coiled so as all whorls are showing, and commonly ornamented with flexious, tuberculate ribs.	Frankites	Trachyceratidae
parent taxon	Liorhyssus is a genus of scentless plant bugs belonging to the family Rhopalidae, subfamily Rhopalinae.	Liorhyssus	Rhopalinae
parent taxon	Aseroe is a small genus of basidiomycete fungi of the family Phallaceae, though sometimes placed in the separate family Clathraceae.	Aseroe	Phallaceae
parent taxon	The Wallacean cuckooshrike (Coracina personata) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Wallacean cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	Nephrophyllidium is a monotypic genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae.	Nephrophyllidium	Menyanthaceae
parent taxon	Proserpinellidae is a taxonomic family of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicinoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Proserpinellidae	Helicinoidea
parent taxon	Sinozolus yuae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Sinozolus.	Sinozolus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Before the reclassification of aedine genera, Skusea pembaensis was known as Aedes pembaensis.	Skusea pembaensis	Aedes
parent taxon	Neptune plant or Air fern is a name given to a product that is composed of a species of marine animal called Sertularia argentea, also known as the ``sea fir''.	Air fern	Sertularia
parent taxon	Amphicyclotulus is a genus of tropical land snails with gills and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Neocyclotidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Amphicyclotulus	Neocyclotidae
parent taxon	Sphaerium is a genus of very small freshwater clams, aquatic bivalve mollusks in the family Sphaeriidae, known as the fingernail clams.	Sphaerium	Sphaeriidae
parent taxon	Clidemia is a genus of flowering plants in the glory bush family, Melastomataceae.	Clidemia	Melastomataceae
parent taxon	Cicatrizocera bilistrata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cicatrizocera.	Cicatrizocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Cucumber (Cucumis sativus) is a widely cultivated plant in the gourd family, Cucurbitaceae.	Cucumber	Cucumis
parent taxon	The Mitchell gudgeon (Kimberleyeleotris hutchinsi) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Kimberley region of Australia, where it is only known from the Mitchell River system.	Mitchell gudgeon	Kimberleyeleotris
parent taxon	Müller's Bornean gibbon (Hylobates muelleri), also known as the grey gibbon, is a primate in the gibbon family, Hylobatidae.	Müller's Bornean gibbon	Hylobates
parent taxon	Halichondria is a genus of marine demosponges belonging to the family Halichondriidae.	Halichondria	Halichondriidae
parent taxon	Exocentroides is a genus of beetles in the family Cerambycidae, containing the following species: subgenus Exocentroides Exocentroides flavovarius Breuning, 1957 Exocentroides multispinicollis Breuning, 1957 Exocentroides unispinicollis Breuning, 1957 subgenus Trichexocentroides Exocentroides flavipennis Breuning, 1957	Exocentroides	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Nannophryne is a small genus of true toads, family Bufonidae, from South America.	Nannophryne	Bufonidae
parent taxon	The Tallapoosa pebblesnail, scientific name Somatogyrus pilsbryanus, is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Tallapoosa pebblesnail	Somatogyrus
parent taxon	The tooth-billed pigeons are the only genus (Didunculus) of the subfamily Didunculinae, in the pigeon and dove family, (Columbidae).	Didunculus	pigeon
parent taxon	Tivela stultorum, also known as the Pismo clam, is a species of large, edible, saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Veneridae, the Venus clams.	Pismo clam	Tivela
parent taxon	Hamulinidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod family belonging to the order Ammonitida.	Hamulinidae	Ammonitida
parent taxon	The Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a species of small ray-finned fish in the perch family, Percidae.	Arkansas darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Abbasites was included in the Otoitidae, the ancestral family of the Stephanocerataceae, according to Westermann (1965) and Imlay (1984) but was previously placed in the Hildoceratacean family Hammatoceratidae by Arkell et al.	Abbasites	Otoitidae
parent taxon	The Saddle-backed Mauritius giant tortoise (Cylindraspis inepta) is an extinct species of tortoises in the Testudinidae family.	Saddle-backed Mauritius giant tortoise	Cylindraspis
parent taxon	In the Cronquist system (of 1981) it is used for an order (in subclass Commelinidae) and circumscribed as: order Restionales family Flagellariaceae family Joinvilleaceae family Restionaceae family Centrolepidaceae The APG II system (2003) assigns the plants involved to the order Poales.	Restionales	Commelinidae
parent taxon	Holocryphia is a monotypic genus of fungi within the family Cryphonectriaceae containing the sole species Holocryphia eucalypti.	Holocryphia	Cryphonectriaceae
parent taxon	Grand Comoro day gecko (Phelsuma v-nigra comoraegrandensis Meier, 1986) is a small diurnal subspecies of geckos.	Grand Comoro day gecko	Phelsuma v-nigra
parent taxon	Ditrysinia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1825.	Ditrysinia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Pharoideae is a subfamily of the true grass family Poaceae, containing the single tribe Phareae with the two genera Leptaspis and Pharus.	Pharoideae	Poaceae
parent taxon	Opodiphthera is a genus of moths from the Saturniidae family that are endemic to Australia.	Opodiphthera	Saturniidae
parent taxon	Lepidagathis is a genus of plants in the family Acanthaceae.	Lepidagathis	Acanthaceae
parent taxon	Tigasis is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Tigasis	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	The Pacific lamprey (Entosphenus tridentatus or Lampetra tridentata) is an anadromous parasitic lamprey from the Pacific Coast of North America, and Asia.	Pacific lamprey	Lampetra
parent taxon	Picturesque dragonet, Synchiropus picturatus, is a brightly colored member of the dragonet family native to the Indo-West Pacific:	Picturesque dragonet	Synchiropus
parent taxon	``Waxwing'' and ``Bohemian waxwing'' were first recorded in 1817, the former as a reference to Vieillot's separation of this bird from the ``chatterers''.	Bohemian waxwing	Waxwing
parent taxon	The Ruwenzori batis (Batis diops) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family.	Ruwenzori batis	Batis
parent taxon	Ancylini is a tribe of small, freshwater, air-breathing limpets, aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Ancylini	Planorbidae
parent taxon	The New Zealand falcon or kārearea (Falco novaeseelandiae) is New Zealand's only endemic falcon and the only remaining bird of prey endemic to New Zealand.	New Zealand falcon	Falco
parent taxon	The Himalayan whiskered bat (Myotis siligorensis) is a species of vesper bat.	Himalayan whiskered bat	Myotis
parent taxon	Kaprosuchus is a member of the family Mahajangasuchidae along with closely related Mahajangasuchus insignis from the Upper Cretaceous of Madagascar.	Kaprosuchus	Mahajangasuchidae
parent taxon	Betula uber (Virginia Round-leaf Birch) is a rare species of tree in the birch family.	Betula uber	birch
parent taxon	FishBase places Gobiesocidae as the only family in the order Gobiesociformes, under the superorder Paracanthopterygii; whereas more official classifications within the United States, for example ITIS, place them in the suborder Gobiesocoidei of the order Perciformes, under superorder Acanthopterygii.	Gobiesocidae	Gobiesocoidei
parent taxon	Gjellerupia is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus in 1912.	Gjellerupia	Opiliaceae
parent taxon	The Solenogastres (less often referred to as Neomeniomorpha), common name the solenogasters, are one subclass of small, worm-like, shell-less molluscs (Aplacophora), the other subclass being the Caudofoveata (Chaetodermomorpha).	Solenogastres	Aplacophora
parent taxon	Cheirurus is the type genus of Cheiruridae.	Cheirurus	Cheiruridae
parent taxon	The Biak gerygone (Gerygone magnirostris hypoxantha) is a subspecies of the large-billed gerygone, but it is sometimes considered a distinct species.	Biak gerygone	Gerygone
parent taxon	Nemobiinae is a subfamily of Gryllidae, the true crickets.	Nemobiinae	Gryllidae
parent taxon	Banksia obovata, commonly known as Wedge-leaved Dryandra, is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.	Banksia obovata	Dryandra
parent taxon	The Hastings River mouse (Pseudomys oralis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Hastings River mouse	Pseudomys
parent taxon	The Florida lance, scientific name Elliptio waltoni, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Florida lance	Elliptio
parent taxon	The Santa Marta parakeet (Pyrrhura viridicata) is a species of parrot in the Psittacidae family.	Santa Marta parakeet	Pyrrhura
parent taxon	The Fusulinacea is a superfamily in the Fusulinida in which the test is spherical, discoida, or fusiform; commonly coiled, less often uncoliing in the late stage, numerous chambers per whorl; test wall of microgranular calcite (as for the order) in one to four layers.	Fusulinacea	Fusulinida
parent taxon	The Lesser Antillean macaw or Guadeloupe macaw (Ara guadeloupensis) is a hypothetical extinct species of macaw that is thought to have been endemic to the Lesser Antillean island region of Guadeloupe.	Lesser Antillean macaw	Ara
parent taxon	The Réunion bulbul (Hypsipetes borbonicus), also known as olivaceous bulbul, is a passerine endemic to Réunion.	Réunion bulbul	Hypsipetes
parent taxon	Laniatores is the largest suborder of the arachnid order Opiliones with over 4,000 described species worldwide.	Laniatores	Opiliones
parent taxon	Bugtirhinus was a genus of rhinoceros of the tribe Elasmotheriini endemic to Asia during the Miocene living from 20--16.9 mya existing for approximately 3.1 million years.	Bugtirhinus	rhinoceros
parent taxon	The San Joaquin pocket mouse or Salinas pocket mouse (Perognathus inornatus) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	San Joaquin pocket mouse	Perognathus
parent taxon	The Pahranagat pebblesnail also known as the Pahranagat Valley turban snail, scientific name Fluminicola merriami, is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Pahranagat pebblesnail	Fluminicola
parent taxon	The Florida red-bellied cooter or Florida redbelly turtle (Pseudemys nelsoni) is a species of the genus Pseudemys.	Florida red-bellied cooter	Pseudemys
parent taxon	The Walindi fairy-wrasse, Cirrhilabrus walindi, is a species of wrasse native to the coral reefs of the Pacific Ocean.	Walindi fairy-wrasse	Cirrhilabrus
parent taxon	Raoiella is a genus of mite belonging to the family Tenuipalpidae.	Raoiella	Tenuipalpidae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi yellow bat (Scotophilus celebensis) is a species of vesper bat.	Sulawesi yellow bat	Scotophilus
parent taxon	Bocoa is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae (Leguminosae).	Bocoa	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Neocyema erythrosoma is a species of pelagic fish, a deep-water bobtail snipe eel in the family Cyematidae.	Neocyema	bobtail snipe eel
parent taxon	The Salim Ali's swift (Apus salimalii), is a small bird, superficially similar to a house martin.	Salim Ali's swift	Apus
parent taxon	Alloblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies (family Blenniidae) found in the western and northeastern Indian Ocean.	Alloblennius	Blenniidae
parent taxon	Cran's bully (Gobiomorphus breviceps) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to New Zealand, where it is only found in fresh waters.	Cran's bully	Gobiomorphus
parent taxon	Richeriella is a plant genus of the Phyllanthaceae family.	Richeriella	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Molecular research comparing DNA sequences now place Lichenomphalia close to the redefined genus Arrhenia, which together with several other genera not traditionally considered to be related, fall within the newly redefined Hygrophoraceae.	Lichenomphalia	Hygrophoraceae
parent taxon	Cabares is a Neotropical genus of in the family Hesperiidae (Eudaminae).	Cabares	Eudaminae
parent taxon	The Rocky Mountain locust (Melanoplus spretus) is an extinct species of locust that ranged through the western half of the United States and some western portions of Canada until the end of the 19th century.	Rocky Mountain locust	Melanoplus
parent taxon	The African clawless otter (Aonyx capensis), also known as the Cape clawless otter or groot otter, is the second-largest freshwater species of otter.	African clawless otter	Aonyx
parent taxon	Perucharidius andinus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Perucharidius.	Perucharidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Arthoniales is an order of the class Arthoniomycetes within the phylum Ascomycota.	Arthoniales	Arthoniomycetes
parent taxon	The Golfodulcean poison frog (Phyllobates vittatus) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to Costa Rica.	Golfodulcean poison frog	Phyllobates
parent taxon	Loxops is a Hawaiian honeycreeper genus in the finch family, Fringillidae.	Loxops	Hawaiian honeycreeper
parent taxon	The Hornyhead turbot, Pleuronichthys verticalis, is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae.	Hornyhead turbot	Pleuronichthys
parent taxon	It is the sole genus in the family Griseliniaceae; in the past it was often placed in Cornaceae but differs from that in many features.	Griselinia	Cornaceae
parent taxon	Anomalomyrmini is a tribe of Leptanillinae ants with three extant genera.	Anomalomyrmini	Leptanillinae
parent taxon	Myrospermum frutescens, the cercipo, is a species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Myrospermum	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Kauria is a rare genus of moth in the family Geometridae, found most commonly in the Appalachian Mountains.	Kauria	Geometridae
parent taxon	Marsupial moles are a family (Notoryctidae) of cladotherian mammals of the order Notoryctemorphia.	Marsupial mole	Notoryctemorphia
parent taxon	The Eurasian water shrew (Neomys fodiens), known in the United Kingdom as the water shrew, is a relatively large shrew, up to 10 cm (4 in) long, with a tail up to three-quarters as long again.	Eurasian water shrew	Neomys
parent taxon	Ceratodalia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae, containing only one species, Ceratodalia gueneata, which is found in western North America, ranging from British Columbia and Alberta to Colorado and California.	Ceratodalia	Geometridae
parent taxon	Saduria is a genus of benthic isopod crustaceans in the family Chaetiliidae, containing the following species:	Saduria	Chaetiliidae
parent taxon	Microcycas is a genus of cycads in the family Zamiaceae containing only one species, Microcycas calocoma, endemic to a small area in western Cuba in Pinar del Río Province.	Microcycas	Zamiaceae
parent taxon	Bennelongia is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae.	Bennelongia	Cyprididae
parent taxon	Serpula (also known as calcareous tubeworm, serpulid tubeworm, fanworm, or plume worm) is a genus of sessile, marine annelid tube worms that belongs to the Serpulidae family.	Serpula	Serpulidae
parent taxon	Anemone deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common names Columbian windflower and western white anemone.	Anemone deltoidea	anemone
parent taxon	Lycopus (waterhorehound, gypsywort, or bugleweed) is a genus in the family Lamiaceae.	Lycopus	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	The African jewelfish (Hemichromis bimaculatus), also known as jewel cichlid or jewelfish, is from the family cichlidae.	African jewelfish	jewel cichlid
parent taxon	Gobius ater, Bellotti's goby, is a species of goby native to the Mediterranean Sea from the Balearic Islands and the Gulf of Lion to Nice and Sardinia.	Bellotti's goby	Gobius
parent taxon	The Colombian electric ray (Diplobatis colombiensis) is a species of fish in the Narcinidae family endemic to Colombia.	Colombian electric ray	Diplobatis
parent taxon	Massetognathinae is an extinct subfamily of cynodonts in the family Traversodontidae.	Massetognathinae	Traversodontidae
parent taxon	Although they have often been treated as a separate family, the Aphidiidae, the Aphidiinae are a lineage within the Braconidae.	Aphidiinae	Braconidae
parent taxon	Frost's arboreal alligator lizard (Abronia frosti ) is a species of lizard endemic to Central America.	Frost's arboreal alligator lizard	Abronia
parent taxon	The Mona coqui, (coqui de la Mona or coqui de Mona), Eleutherodactylus monensis, is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Mona, Puerto Rico.	Mona coqui	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Midwife toads (Alytes) are a genus of frogs in the Alytidae family (formerly Discoglossidae), and are found in most of Europe and northwestern Africa.	Midwife toad	Alytidae	Discoglossidae
parent taxon	Kufengoceratina is one of four subfamilies in the Marathonitidae families.	Kufengoceratina	Marathonitidae
parent taxon	Lytoceratidae is a taxonomic family of ammonoid cephalopods belonging to the suborder Lytoceratina, characterized by very evolute shells that generally enlarge rapidly, having whorls in contact but mostly overlapping very sightly, or not at all.	Lytoceratidae	Lytoceratina
parent taxon	Icticephalus and other former scaloposaurids are now classified as basal members of Baurioidea.	Icticephalus	Baurioidea
parent taxon	Senghasiella is a genus of flowering plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Senghasiella	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Bassleroceras is the type genus of the Bassleroceratidae which Furnish and Glenister (1964) included in the Ellesmerocerida, but which Flower (1967) placed in the Tarphycerida.	Bassleroceras	Bassleroceratidae
parent taxon	Iberotrechus bolivari is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Iberotrechus.	Iberotrechus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Velindastus discrepans is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Velindastus.	Velindastus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Antipionycha puncticollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Antipionycha.	Antipionycha	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Heuglin's francolin (Pternistis icterorhynchus) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Heuglin's francolin	Pternistis
parent taxon	Dicranopteris (forkedfern) is a genus of tropical ferns of the family Gleicheniaceae.	Dicranopteris	Gleicheniaceae
parent taxon	Heroini is a fish tribe from the Cichlasomatinae subfamily in the cichlid family.	Heroini	Cichlasomatinae
parent taxon	The Chilean woodstar (Eulidia yarrellii) is a small bird in the hummingbird family, Trochilidae.	Chilean woodstar	Eulidia
parent taxon	Mursiopsis is an extinct genus of box crabs belonging to the family Calappidae.	Mursiopsis	Calappidae
parent taxon	The Cape clawless otter (Aonyx capensis capensis), sub-species of (A. capensis) or generally referred to as African clawless otter is found in Sub-Saharan Africa near permanent bodies of freshwater or can be seen to occupy along the sea coast (2).	Aonyx capensis capensis	African clawless otter
parent taxon	The Nusatenggara short-nosed fruit bat (Cynopterus nusatenggara) is a species of megabat within the family Pteropodidae found in Indonesia.	Nusatenggara short-nosed fruit bat	Cynopterus
parent taxon	The Ansell's epauletted fruit bat (Epomophorus anselli) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Ansell's epauletted fruit bat	Epomophorus
parent taxon	Eucomis is a genus of flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae, native to southern Africa.	Eucomis	Scilloideae
parent taxon	The Cape silvertip nudibranch, Janolus capensis, is a beautiful species of nudibranch, or sea slug.	Cape silvertip nudibranch	Janolus
parent taxon	Pleuraspidotherium is an extinct genus of condylarth of the family Pleuraspidotheriidae, that lived during the Paleocene epoch in the modern Europe.	Pleuraspidotherium	Pleuraspidotheriidae
parent taxon	The Buru cuckooshrike (Coracina fortis) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Buru cuckooshrike	Coracina
parent taxon	Amphiprion clarkii, known commonly as Clark's anemonefish and yellowtail clownfish, is a marine fish belonging to the family Pomacentridae, the clownfishes and damselfishes.	Clark's anemonefish	Amphiprion
parent taxon	Hairy-footed gerbil (Gerbillurus paeba) Namib brush-tailed gerbil (Gerbillurus setzeri) Dune hairy-footed gerbil (Gerbillurus tytonis) Bushy-tailed hairy-footed gerbil (Gerbillurus vallinus)	Gerbillurus	gerbil
parent taxon	Molecular research, based on cladistic analysis of DNA sequences, places Rhizoctonia within the family Ceratobasidiaceae.	Rhizoctonia	Ceratobasidiaceae
parent taxon	Cidaroida is an order of primitive sea urchins, the only living order of the subclass Perischoechinoidea.	Cidaroida	Perischoechinoidea
parent taxon	The Japanese white-eye (Zosterops japonicus), also known as the mejiro (メジロ, 目白), is a small passerine bird in the white-eye family.	Japanese white-eye	Zosterops
parent taxon	Many botanists do not recognize this family and place Hoplestigma in Boraginaceae sensu lato or in Cordiaceae.	Hoplestigma	Boraginaceae
parent taxon	The Atiu swiftlet (Aerodramus sawtelli) is a species of bird in the swift family, endemic to Atiu in the Cook Islands.	Atiu swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Vertigo gouldii, common name the variable vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo gouldii	Vertiginidae
parent taxon	Orientia is a genus of bacteria in family Rickettsiaceae.	Orientia	Rickettsiaceae
parent taxon	Andaman Islands day gecko (Phelsuma andamanense) is a species of geckos.	Andaman Islands day gecko	Phelsuma
parent taxon	Meliosma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sabiaceae, native to tropical to warm temperate regions of southern and eastern Asia and the Americas.	Meliosma	Sabiaceae
parent taxon	Xantus's hummingbird, Basilinna xantusii (syn. Hylocharis xantusii), is a medium-sized hummingbird endemic to Baja California.	Xantus's hummingbird	Basilinna
parent taxon	The Heliconiinae, commonly called heliconians or longwings, are a subfamily of the brush-footed butterflies (family Nymphalidae).	Heliconiinae	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Sweet corn (Zea mays convar. saccharata var. rugosa; also called sugar corn, dent corn and pole corn) is a variety of maize with a high sugar content.	Sweet corn	maize
parent taxon	Kikihia is a genus of cicada in the family Cicadidae, endemic to New Zealand, with a single Australian species (K. convicta).	Kikihia	Cicadidae
parent taxon	Procariama is an extinct Monotypic genus of giant flightless predatory birds, reaching 1 m (3.3 ft) tall, in the family Phorusrhacidae or ``terror birds'' which lived in Argentina.	Procariama	Phorusrhacidae
parent taxon	Mantidae is the largest family of the order Mantodea, commonly known as praying mantises; most are tropical or subtropical.	Mantidae	Mantodea
parent taxon	Marasmianympha is a genus of moths of the grass moth family (Crambidae).	Marasmianympha	Crambidae
parent taxon	Madecacesta gaudroni is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Madecacesta.	Madecacesta	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Bembidion is the largest genus of beetles in the family Carabidae by number of species.	Bembidion	Carabidae
parent taxon	Cansjera is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus with this name in 1789.	Cansjera	Opiliaceae
parent taxon	Xeniaria is a genus of earwigs, in the family Arixeniidae, the suborder Arixeniina, and the order Dermaptera.	Xeniaria	Arixeniidae
parent taxon	Dicranostigma, also known as the eastern horned poppies, is a genus in the poppy family Papaveraceae, the species of which are native to the Himalaya and western China.	Dicranostigma	Papaveraceae
parent taxon	Shennongtherium is an extinct genus of rhinoceros from the Miocene time period.	Shennongtherium	rhinoceros
parent taxon	The Chilean mockingbird (Mimus thenca) locally known as tenca is a species of bird in the Mimidae family.	Chilean mockingbird	Mimus
parent taxon	Capripoxvirus is a genus of viruses in the subfamily Chordopoxvirinae and the family Poxviridae.	Capripoxvirus	Chordopoxvirinae
parent taxon	Japeuthria is a monospecific genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Japeuthria	Buccinidae
parent taxon	The Savannah sparrow (Passerculus sandwichensis) is a small American sparrow.	Savannah sparrow	Passerculus
parent taxon	Hemimacronyx is a proposed genus of birds in the pipit and wagtail family Motacillidae.	Hemimacronyx	Motacillidae
parent taxon	Curtoceras is a genus in the tarphycerid family Trocholitidae found widespread in the late Early and Middle Ordovician of North America and northern Europe.	Curtoceras	Trocholitidae
parent taxon	The Tenerife speckled lizard, Gallotia intermedia, (Spanish: Lagarto Canario Moteado) is a recently discovered lacertid (wall lizard) of Tenerife in the Canary Islands.	Tenerife speckled lizard	Gallotia
parent taxon	The Peruvian tern (Sternula lorata) is a species of tern in the family Sternidae.	Peruvian tern	Sternula
parent taxon	The Colombian spider monkey (Ateles fusciceps rufiventris), is a subspecies of the Black-headed spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, found in Colombia and Panama.	Colombian spider monkey	Black-headed spider monkey
parent taxon	The Mexican amberwing (Perithemis intensa) is a dragonfly of the family Libellulidae, native to the southwestern United States and Mexico.	Mexican amberwing	Perithemis
parent taxon	Sarcophaga is a genus of true flies, the type of the flesh-fly family (Sarcophagidae).	Sarcophaga	Sarcophagidae
parent taxon	Coninae, or as it is more recently (February 2015) represented as a family, Conidae, common names the cone snails, cone shells or cones, is a taxonomic group of small to large predatory sea snails with cone-shaped shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Conoidea.	Coninae	Conidae
parent taxon	Burton's vlei rat (Otomys burtoni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Burton's vlei rat	Otomys
parent taxon	Black-backed swamphen (Porphyrio indicus) is a species of swamphen occurring from southeast Asia to Sulawesi and Borneo.	Black-backed swamphen	Porphyrio
parent taxon	Pleurodiscus is the only genus in the family Pleurodiscidae.	Pleurodiscus	Pleurodiscidae
parent taxon	The Upper Zambezi labeo (Labeo lunatus) is a species of cyprinid fish native to southern Africa.	Upper Zambezi labeo	Labeo
parent taxon	The Ichthyosauriformes are a group of marine reptiles, belonging to the Ichthyosauromorpha, that lived during the Mesozoic.	Ichthyosauriformes	Ichthyosauromorpha
parent taxon	Mauremys is a genus of turtles in the family Geoemydidae (formerly called Bataguridae).	Mauremys	Geoemydidae
parent taxon	Barathrodemus is a genus of cusk-eels found in deep waters.	Barathrodemus	cusk-eels
parent taxon	The North African elephant shrew or North African sengi (Elephantulus rozeti) is a species of elephant shrew in the family Macroscelididae.	North African elephant shrew	Elephantulus
parent taxon	Smallhead stickleback (Gasterosteus microcephalus) is a fish species, which widespread in the basin of the Pacific Ocean:	Smallhead stickleback	Gasterosteus
parent taxon	The Ugandan musk shrew (Crocidura mutesae) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Ugandan musk shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Cyttus is the sole genus in the family Cyttidae a family of large, showy, deep-bodied zeiform marine fish.	Cyttus	Cyttidae
parent taxon	Cairina is a genus of ducks in the bird family Anatidae.	Cairina	Anatidae
parent taxon	Trichoferus campestris is a genus of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Trichoferus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Schivereckia is a genus of the botanical family Brassicaceae.	Schivereckia	Brassicaceae
parent taxon	The Mandalay spitting cobra (Naja mandalayensis), also called the Burmese spitting cobra or Mandalay cobra, is a species of spitting cobra endemic to the dry zone in central Myanmar.	Mandalay spitting cobra	Naja
parent taxon	The Fea's petrel (Pterodroma feae), is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus, Pterodroma.	Fea's petrel	gadfly petrel
parent taxon	In taxonomy, Coelastrella is a genus of green algae, specifically of the Scenedesmaceae.	Coelastrella	Scenedesmaceae
parent taxon	Ammodaucus leucotrichus is a species of flowering plant in the Apiaceae family and the sole member of the genus Ammodaucus.	Ammodaucus	Apiaceae
parent taxon	Callerebia is a genus of the Nymphalidae family endemic to the Himalayas.	Callerebia	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Camelids are members of the biological family Camelidae, the only currently living family in the suborder Tylopoda.	Camelid	Tylopoda
parent taxon	Bellium is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae, native to the Mediterranean region.	Bellium	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Thamalakane barb (Barbus thamalakanensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Thamalakane barb	Barbus
parent taxon	Alwynulus is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Scotland.	Alwynulus	Phacopida
parent taxon	In 2010, Bieler, Carter & Coan proposed a new classification system for the Bivalvia which combines the taxodont Arcoida with the dysodont Limnoida Mytiloida, Ostreoida and Pteroida as the Pteriomorphia.	Arcoida	Pteriomorphia
parent taxon	Acontiinae is a subfamily of moth family Noctuidae.	Acontiinae	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Symplocaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Ericales, including two genera, Symplocos and Cordyloblaste, totalling about 320 species native to Asia, Australia and the Americas.	Symplocaceae	Ericales
parent taxon	Zappey's flycatcher (Cyanoptila cumatilis) is a songbird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.	Zappey's flycatcher	Cyanoptila
parent taxon	Ringicula is a genus of minute deepwater sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks belonging to the family Ringiculidae.	Ringicula	Ringiculidae
parent taxon	Eudendrium is a large genus of hydroids (Hydrozoa), one of two in the family Eudendriidae.	Eudendrium	Eudendriidae
parent taxon	Oribatida (formerly Cryptostigmata), also known as moss mites or beetle mites, are an order of mites, in the ``chewing Acariformes'' clade Sarcoptiformes.	Oribatida	Sarcoptiformes
parent taxon	Fregolia listropteroides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Fregolia.	Fregolia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Yucatan yellow bat, Rhogeessa aeneus, is a species of bat found in the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico, and possibly also in Belize and Guatemala.	Yucatan yellow bat	Rhogeessa
parent taxon	Pottiales is an order of mosses in the subclass Dicranidae.	Pottiales	Dicranidae
parent taxon	Of these, the first two appear to have sister clade status, allowing resolution into two classes, Enoplea and Chromadorea, and division of the former into two subclasses corresponding to Clades I and II respectively, the Enoplia and Dorylaimia.	Dorylaimia	Enoplea
parent taxon	Furacopyge is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Dalmanitidae), that existed during the lower Devonian in what is now Spain.	Furacopyge	Dalmanitidae
parent taxon	Grimsbyoceras is a nautiloid genus included in the Oncocerida order of the family Acleistoceratidae that lived during the Middle Devonian.	Grimsbyoceras	Acleistoceratidae
parent taxon	The White-banded wolf snake (Lycodon septentrionalis), also known as the Northern large-toothed snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in Asia.	White-banded wolf snake	Lycodon
parent taxon	The Chinese crested tern (Thalasseus bernsteini) is a seabird of the tern family, Sternidae, closely related to the Sandwich tern, T. sandvicensis, and the lesser crested tern, T. bengalensis.	Chinese crested tern	Thalasseus
parent taxon	Leptolambda is an extinct genus of pantodonts in the family Barylambdidae from North America.	Leptolambda	Barylambdidae
parent taxon	The Waccamaw silverside (Menidia extensa) is a rare species of fish in the family Atherinopsidae.	Waccamaw silverside	Menidia
parent taxon	Couepia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1775.	Couepia	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	Monostilifera is a suborder of nemertean worms belonging to the class Enopla, a class of worms characterized by the presence of a peculiar armature of spines or plates in their proboscis.	Monostilifera	Enopla
parent taxon	Qiniella is a genus of non-biting midges in the diptera subfamily Orthocladiinae of the family Chironomidae.	Qiniella	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Chromalveolata is a eukaryote supergroup present in a major classification of 2005, then regarded as one of the six major groups within the eukaryotes.	Chromalveolata	eukaryote
parent taxon	The Tasmanian numbfish (Narcine tasmaniensis) is a species of electric ray in the family Narcinidae.	Tasmanian numbfish	Narcine
parent taxon	Oenoptera is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, found in Sri Lanka (Hampson) and French Guiana (Schaus).	Oenoptera	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Dyakiidae is a family of air-breathing land snails terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Dyakioidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Dyakiidae	Dyakioidea
parent taxon	Phycella is a genus of herbaceous, perennial bulbous flowering plants belonging to the family Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Phycella	Amaryllidoideae
parent taxon	Scotoplanes, commonly known as the sea pig, is a genus of deep-sea holothurian echinoderm of the family Elpidiidae, order Elasipodida.	Scotoplanes	Elpidiidae
parent taxon	Leptophobia is a Neotropical ecozone genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.	Leptophobia	Pieridae
parent taxon	Amylocorticium is a genus of resupinate (crust-like) fungi in the Amylocorticiaceae family.	Amylocorticium	Amylocorticiaceae
parent taxon	Euryomyrtus is a genus of shrubs, in the family Myrtaceae, all of which are endemic to Australia.	Euryomyrtus	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Kapcypridopsis is a genus of ostracod crustacean in the family Cyprididae, subfamily Cypridopsinae.	Kapcypridopsis	Cyprididae
parent taxon	Spathiphyllum is a genus of about 40 species of monocotyledonous flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas and southeastern Asia.	Spathiphyllum	Araceae
parent taxon	Wright's skink (Trachylepis wrightii) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family.	Wright's skink	Trachylepis
parent taxon	The Philippine pygmy squirrel (Exilisciurus concinnus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Philippine pygmy squirrel	Exilisciurus
parent taxon	Galtoceras is genus of the Oncocerida and of the oncocerid family Acleistoceratidae.	Galtoceras	Acleistoceratidae
parent taxon	Disperis is a genus of plants in the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Disperis	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Dartfishes are a subfamily, Ptereleotrinae, of goby-like fishes in the family Microdesmidae of the order Perciformes.	Dartfish	Microdesmidae
parent taxon	Tectariaceae is a family of Leptosporangiate ferns in the order Polypodiales.	Tectariaceae	Polypodiales
parent taxon	Sequoioideae (redwoods) is a subfamily in the family Cupressaceae, with three genera.	Sequoioideae	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	Gnathopalystes is a genus of huntsman spiders in the family Sparassidae.	Gnathopalystes	Sparassidae
parent taxon	Inkayacu is a genus of extinct penguin.	Inkayacu	penguin
parent taxon	Psychrolutes is a genus of fish of the family Psychrolutidae (fathead sculpins).	Psychrolutes	Psychrolutidae
parent taxon	The Spanish sparrow or willow sparrow (Passer hispaniolensis) is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae.	Spanish sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	Omophagus artus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Omophagus.	Omophagus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Dime forest tree frog, Leptopelis vannutellii, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family endemic to Ethiopia.	Dime forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	The Chinese white-browed rosefinch (Carpodacus dubius) is a true finch species (family Fringillidae).	Chinese white-browed rosefinch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	Lafonius is an extinct genus dvinosaurian temnospondyl within the family Trimerorhachidae.	Lafonius	Trimerorhachidae
parent taxon	The American red fox (Vulpes vulpes fulvus), commonly known as the eastern American red fox is a North American subspecies of the red fox (Vulpes vulpes).	American red fox	Vulpes vulpes
parent taxon	Amanita muscaria var. persicina, commonly known as the peach-colored fly agaric, is a basidiomycete fungus of the genus Amanita.	Amanita muscaria var. persicina	fly agaric
parent taxon	The Chinese trumpetfish, Aulostomus chinensis, is a demersal marine fish belonging to the family Aulostomidae.	Chinese trumpetfish	Aulostomus
parent taxon	Cabrera's vole (Microtus cabrerae) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Cabrera's vole	Microtus
parent taxon	The Nubian woodpecker (Campethera nubica) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Nubian woodpecker	Campethera
parent taxon	The Old World silversides are a family, Atherinidae, of fish in the order Atheriniformes.	Old World silverside	Atheriniformes
parent taxon	The Clapperton's francolin (Pternistis clappertoni) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Clapperton's francolin	Pternistis
parent taxon	The Ewaso Nyiro labeo (Labeo percivali) is an African species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Ewaso Nyiro labeo	Labeo
parent taxon	Ash's lark (Mirafra ashi) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Ash's lark	Mirafra
parent taxon	The New Britain thicketbird or Bismarck thicketbird (Megalurulus grosvenori) is a bird species.	New Britain thicketbird	Megalurulus
parent taxon	If taxonomic ranks are used, it may therefore be best to treat the latter as a division and divide the Apocrita into some 6 infraorders representing lineages of about equal standing, one of which would unite the Aculeata and the Ichneumonoidea.	Aculeata	Apocrita
parent taxon	Phaenaulax nanus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Phaenaulax.	Phaenaulax	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Philippine trogon (Harpactes ardens) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Philippine trogon	Harpactes
parent taxon	Michelinoceras named by Foeste in 1932 is the ancestral and characteristic genus of the Michelinoceratidae, established and described by Flower in 1946; derived from empty siphuncle Baltoceratidae.	Michelinoceras	Michelinoceratidae
parent taxon	Kallstroemia is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae.	Kallstroemia	Zygophyllaceae
parent taxon	The Jacobin cuckoo, pied cuckoo, or pied crested cuckoo (Clamator jacobinus) is a member of the cuckoo order of birds that is found in Africa and Asia.	Jacobin cuckoo	Clamator
parent taxon	The Cape porcupine or South African porcupine, (Hystrix africaeaustralis), is a species of Old World porcupine native to central and southern Africa.	Cape porcupine	Hystrix
parent taxon	Errazurizia (dunebroom) is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Errazurizia	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Dicropsocus is a genus in the Epipsocidae family, with three described species, all endemic to New Guinea and the neighbouring islands.	Dicropsocus	Epipsocidae
parent taxon	Most recent authors of taxonomic treatises have maintained the family Limnanthaceae but placed it in the order Geraniales, including Thorne (1976) Cronquist (1988), who nevertheless states that Limnanthaceae are, ``without...obvious affinities...'' and Takhtajan (1980).	Limnanthaceae	Geraniales
parent taxon	Bothrocerambyx nevermanni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Bothrocerambyx.	Bothrocerambyx	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Jell & Adrain (2003) went so far as to lump Phillipsiidae into the family Proetidae, however other workers since like Lerosey-Aubril and Feist (2005) have continued to recognize Phillipsiidae as a distinct and separate family within Proetida.	Phillipsiidae	Proetida
parent taxon	The Uganda nothobranch (Nothobranchius ugandensis) is a species of fish in the Aplocheilidae family.	Uganda nothobranch	Nothobranchius
parent taxon	Hindsia is a genus of about 11 species of shrubs in the family Rubiaceae, native to tropical South America, mainly in Brazil.	Hindsia	Rubiaceae
parent taxon	Siphoviridae is a family of double-stranded DNA viruses in the order Caudovirales.	Siphoviridae	Caudovirales
parent taxon	The Middle East blind mole-rat or Palestine mole-rat (Spalax ehrenbergi) (also known as Nannospalax ehrenbergi) is a species of rodent in the family Spalacidae.	Middle East blind mole-rat	Spalax
parent taxon	Onobops is a genus of very small aquatic snails, operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae or in the Hydrobiidae.	Onobops	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Ctenomys flamarioni, Flamarion's tuco-tuco or tuco-tuco of the dunes, is a South American rodent species of the family Ctenomyidae.	Ctenomys flamarioni	tuco-tuco or tuco-tuco
parent taxon	The Ash Meadows pebblesnail (Pyrgulopsis erythropoma) is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Ash Meadows pebblesnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Zaphir's shrew (Crocidura zaphiri) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Zaphir's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Micronecta is a genus of aquatic insects in the Corixidae family.	Micronecta	Corixidae
parent taxon	For this reason, reconstructions usually depict Prenocephale as sharing the basic body plan common to all of the other Pachycephalosauria: a stout body with a short, thick neck, short forelimbs and tall hind legs.	Prenocephale	Pachycephalosauria
parent taxon	Entomopoxvirinae is a subfamily of viruses, in the family Poxviridae.	Entomopoxvirinae	Poxviridae
parent taxon	The El Pepino tree frog, Hyloscirtus torrenticola, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia and Ecuador.	El Pepino tree frog	Hyloscirtus
parent taxon	Samsonia is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria in the family Enterobacteriaceae.	Samsonia	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	Enneapterygius pallidoserialis, known commonly as the Pale white-spotted triplefin is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius.	Pale white-spotted triplefin	Enneapterygius
parent taxon	Kostermanthus is a genus of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1979.	Kostermanthus	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	The Lichtenstein's sandgrouse (Pterocles lichtensteinii) is a species of bird in the Pteroclididae family, which is named after Martin Lichtenstein.	Lichtenstein's sandgrouse	Pterocles
parent taxon	Oxygonum is a genus of plants in the family Polygonaceae with about 30 species.	Oxygonum	Polygonaceae
parent taxon	Prosopidicola is a monotypic genus of fungi within the family Cryphonectriaceae containing the sole species Prosopidicola mexicana.	Prosopidicola	Cryphonectriaceae
parent taxon	Centropyge colini, the Cocos-Keeling angelfish, or Colin's angelfish is a small marine angelfish measuring up to 9cm, it is predominantly yellow with the upper quarter of its body being bright blue in colour.	Cocos-Keeling angelfish	Centropyge
parent taxon	The West African lungfish (Protopterus annectens), also known as the Tana lungfish, is a species of African lungfish.	West African lungfish	Protopterus
parent taxon	Icius is a genus of jumping spiders described by Simon in 1876, belonging to the Order Araneae, Family Salticidae.	Icius	Salticidae
parent taxon	The Nile Delta toad or Damietta toad (Amietophrynus kassasii) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Nile Delta toad	Amietophrynus
parent taxon	The Kittlitz's murrelet, (Brachyramphus brevirostris) is a small alcid found in the waters off Alaska and Eastern Siberia.	Kittlitz's murrelet	Brachyramphus
parent taxon	Even after splitting the very wide Rana into smaller taxons, frogs now in Quasipaa continued to belong to the true frog family (Ranidae), at times as subfamily Dicroglossinae, until Dicroglossinae was raised to the family level (i.e., Dicroglossidae).	Quasipaa	Dicroglossinae
parent taxon	Haematostemon is a genus of plant of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1919.	Haematostemon	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Patersonia is a genus of flowering plants in the Iridaceae commonly known as native iris or native flag.	Patersonia	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Ostraciidae is a family of squared, bony fish belonging to the order Tetraodontiformes, closely related to the pufferfishes and filefishes.	Ostraciidae	Tetraodontiformes
parent taxon	The St Kilda field mouse (Apodemus sylvaticus hirtensis) is a subspecies of wood mouse that is endemic to the Scottish archipelago of St Kilda, which is 40 miles west of Benbecula in the Outer Hebrides, and 100 miles (160 km) from mainland Scotland.	St Kilda field mouse	wood mouse
parent taxon	The Yinnietharra rock dragon (Ctenophorus yinnietharra) is a species of lizard in the Agamidae family.	Yinnietharra rock dragon	Ctenophorus
parent taxon	Guichenia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida (family Dalmanitidae), that existed during the middle Ordovician in what is now France.	Guichenia	Dalmanitidae
parent taxon	The Kanawha darter (Etheostoma kanawhae) is a species of darter endemic to the southeastern United States.	Kanawha darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	The Maya Mountains frog (Rana juliani) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize and possibly Guatemala.	Maya Mountains frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Halmahera flowerpecker (Dicaeum schistaceiceps) is a species of bird in the Dicaeidae family.	Halmahera flowerpecker	Dicaeum
parent taxon	The Banks flying fox (Pteropus fundatus) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Banks flying fox	Pteropus
parent taxon	Adenolisianthus is a plant genus in the Gentian family (Gentianaceae), tribe Helieae.	Adenolisianthus	Gentianaceae
parent taxon	Gilliesieae is a tribe of herbaceous geophyte plants belonging to the subfamily Allioideae of the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae).	Gilliesieae	Allioideae
parent taxon	Notodontinae is the nominate subfamily of the moth family Notodontidae.	Notodontinae	Notodontidae
parent taxon	The Mexican gray squirrel (or red-bellied squirrel) (Sciurus aureogaster) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Guatemala and in eastern and southern Mexico, and is an introduced species in the Florida Keys, Cuba, Jamaica and Hispaniola.	Mexican gray squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	The Pacific swift (Apus pacificus) is a bird which breeds in eastern Asia.	Pacific swift	Apus
parent taxon	Ixalotriton is a genus of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Ixalotriton	Plethodontidae
parent taxon	Buhler's coryphomys (Coryphomys buehleri) is an extinct species of giant rat.	Buhler's coryphomys	Coryphomys
parent taxon	Mastacembelus is a genus of many species of spiny eel fish from the family Mastacembelidae.	Mastacembelus	Mastacembelidae
parent taxon	The Japanese short-tailed bat (Eptesicus (Eptesicus) japonensis) is a species of bat belonging to the family Vespertilionidae.	Japanese short-tailed bat	Eptesicus
parent taxon	Carinotetraodon is a genus of small freshwater pufferfish found in South and Southeast Asia.	Carinotetraodon	pufferfish
parent taxon	Stempfferia carcina, the Dark Furry Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Stempfferia carcina	Epitola
parent taxon	Gurney's pitta (Hydrornis gurneyi) is a medium-sized passerine bird.	Gurney's pitta	Hydrornis
parent taxon	Rocellaria is a genus of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Gastrochaenidae.	Rocellaria	Gastrochaenidae
parent taxon	Small red scorpionfish (Scorpaena notata) is a venomous Scorpionfish, common in marine subtropical waters.	Small red scorpionfish	Scorpaena
parent taxon	Allorchestes is a genus of amphipods with relatively small gnathopods, in the family Dogielinotidae; it contains the following species:	Allorchestes	Dogielinotidae
parent taxon	Habragonum amamioshimense is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Habragonum.	Habragonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	Within the Weymouthiidae, Mallagnostus belongs to a clade that further includes Tannudiscus, Jinghediscus and the Agnostina.	Mallagnostus	Weymouthiidae
parent taxon	Eidothea is a genus of two species of rainforest trees in New South Wales and Queensland, in eastern Australia, constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Eidothea	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Banksia comosa, commonly known as Wongan Dryandra, is a shrub endemic to Western Australia.	Banksia comosa	Dryandra
parent taxon	Siliquaria, common name the slit worm snails, is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Siliquariidae.	Siliquaria	Siliquariidae
parent taxon	Pupillidae is a family of mostly minute, air-breathing, land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the superfamily Pupilloidea.	Pupillidae	Pupilloidea
parent taxon	The Peiratinae are a subfamily of assassin bugs (Reduviidae) known as corsairs.	Peiratinae	Reduviidae
parent taxon	Pagetia is a genus of very small trilobites, assigned to the Agnostida order, Eodiscidae family, that had a global distribution and lived during the Middle Cambrian.	Pagetia	Eodiscidae
parent taxon	The Kenya sparrow, also known as the Kenya rufous sparrow (Passer rufocinctus) is a sparrow found in Kenya and Tanzania.	Kenya sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	In 2009, the new tribe Platycarpheae was established for Platycarpha and Platycarphella.	Platycarpha	Platycarpheae
parent taxon	The Smallfin worm-eel (Pseudomyrophis micropinna, also known as the Plain worm eel) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Smallfin worm-eel	Pseudomyrophis
parent taxon	Brachmia is a genus of the twirler moth family (Gelechiidae).	Brachmia	Gelechiidae
parent taxon	Canut's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus canuti) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Canut's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Mastigostyla is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1928.	Mastigostyla	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Archidactylina is a genus of copepods that contains only the species Archidactylina myxinicola, and is the only genus in the family Archidactylinidae.	Archidactylina	Archidactylinidae
parent taxon	Nematolepis is a genus of shrubs and small trees in the family Rutaceae.	Nematolepis	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Isoperla is a genus in the family Perlodidae, also known as the perlodid stoneflies, stripetails or springflies.	Isoperla	Perlodidae
parent taxon	Suborder Incirrina Superfamily Argonautoidea Superfamily Octopodoidea Family Amphitretidae Family Bolitaenidae Family Octopodidae Family Vitreledonellidae	Octopodoidea	Incirrina
parent taxon	The Pecora are an infraorder of even-toed hoofed mammals with ruminant digestion (Ruminantia, a clade within the Artiodactyla).	Pecora	Ruminantia
parent taxon	Urodacus is a genus of scorpion belonging to the subfamily Urodacinae.	Urodacus	Urodacinae
parent taxon	The Romblon hawk-owl (Ninox spilonotus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae.	Romblon hawk-owl	Ninox
parent taxon	The Manu parrotlet (Nannopsittaca dachilleae) or Amazonian parrotlet is a recently described species of parrotlet native to the western Amazon basin, from southern Peru to northwest Bolivia.	Manu parrotlet	Nannopsittaca
parent taxon	The Spirillinida are an order of Foraminifera in which the test, or shell, primitively consists of an enrolled open tube, coming after the proloculus, wound planospirally or conically, commonly composed of an optically single crystal of calcite.	Spirillinida	Foraminifera
parent taxon	The Taiwan yuhina (Yuhina brunneiceps), formerly known as ``Formosan yuhina'', is a small songbird endemic to the island of Taiwan.	Taiwan yuhina	Yuhina
parent taxon	The Ochlockonee arcmussel, Alasmidonta wrightiana, was a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Ochlockonee arcmussel	Alasmidonta
parent taxon	Asilinae is a large subfamily of the family Asilidae.	Asilinae	Asilidae
parent taxon	The Anatolia Lycian salamander, Lyciasalamandra antalyana, is a species of salamander in the Salamandridae family found only in Turkey.	Anatolia Lycian salamander	Lyciasalamandra
parent taxon	The East African spiny-tailed lizard (Cordylus tropidosternum common name: dwarf sungazer), also known as the tropical girdled lizard, is an arboreal or rupicolous (rock-dwelling) lizard found in dry forests of East Africa.	East African spiny-tailed lizard	Cordylus
performer	Lightseeker is the second album from the Romanian power metal band Magica.	Lightseeker	Magica
performer	``Heart Beat, Pig Meat'' is an instrumental song by progressive rock band Pink Floyd from the soundtrack to the film Zabriskie Point.	Heart Beat, Pig Meat	Pink Floyd
performer	Animal Lover is an album, released in 2005 by The Residents.	Animal Lover	The Residents
performer	Long Life is a reggae album by Prince Far I, released in 1978.	Long Life	Prince Far I
performer	You Know the Number is an album by Henry Threadgill released on the RCA Novus label in 1986.	You Know the Number	Henry Threadgill
performer	Fish Inn is the fourth album by Japanese hardcore punk group The Stalin released on November 20, 1984.	Fish Inn	The Stalin
performer	Tex Book Tenor is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin featuring the last performances Ervin recorded as a leader in 1968 for the Blue Note label.	Tex Book Tenor	Booker Ervin
performer	``Sweets for My Sweet'' is a song written by the songwriting team of Doc Pomus and Mort Shuman, originally recorded by The Drifters.	Sweets for My Sweet	The Drifters
performer	Ticked is the third album released by Christian parody band ApologetiX.	Ticked	ApologetiX
performer	``Stay Up! (Viagra)'' is the first single released from producer-rapper 88-Keys' debut album The Death of Adam and features the album's co-executive producer Kanye West.	Stay Up! (Viagra)	88-Keys	Kanye West
performer	``Cold Hard Bitch'' is the fourth single (second in the United States) by the Australian rock band, Jet, from their 2003 album, Get Born.	Cold Hard Bitch	Jet
performer	Shesmovedon (which stands for ``She's Moved On'') is a single by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, released in July 2000, from the Lightbulb Sun album.	Shesmovedon	Porcupine Tree
performer	``Anybody Listening?'' is a song by progressive metal band Queensrÿche appearing as the last track on their 1990 album Empire.	Anybody Listening?	Queensrÿche
performer	``We Want Eazy'' is a single by the American gangsta rapper Eazy-E, from his 1988 debut album, Eazy-Duz-It.	We Want Eazy	Eazy-E
performer	Lumineux Noir is the third studio album of the Greek synthpop duo Marsheaux.	Lumineux Noir	Marsheaux
performer	``I've Done Everything for You'' is a 1978 song written and sung by American rock musician Sammy Hagar and covered by Australian singer Rick Springfield whose version became a Top 10 hit in the United States in 1981.	I've Done Everything for You	Sammy Hagar
performer	La Mujer del Año is a recording of the music for the play Mujer del Año performed by Mexican singer Verónica Castro.	La Mujer del Año	Verónica Castro
performer	The Private Press is the second full-length studio album by DJ Shadow, released on June 2, 2002 on MCA.	The Private Press	DJ Shadow
performer	Harperspace is a 2000 album from UK singer-songwriter Nick Harper.	Harperspace	Nick Harper
performer	``Count the Days'' is a song by The New Power Generation, released as the final single from their 1995 album, Exodus.	Count the Days	The New Power Generation
performer	Cantus Buranus is an album by the German medieval revival band Corvus Corax that employs the medieval text Carmina Burana.	Cantus Buranus	Corvus Corax
performer	``Tie My Rope'' is a 2007 song from the Finnish melodic death metal band Children of Bodom.	Tie My Rope	Children of Bodom
performer	The Tale of the Tape is a rock album by Billy Squier that was released in May 1980.	The Tale of the Tape	Billy Squier
performer	``Lesfortunate'' was the second song from the Downsyde's third album When The Dust Settles.	Lesfortunate	Downsyde
performer	Il Testamento is the first solo album by Andrea Appino, vocalist and guitarist of the Italian band Zen Circus, released in 2013 by La Tempesta Dischi.	Il Testamento	Andrea Appino
performer	Don't Stop til We Major is the first album by rapper, JT the Bigga Figga.	Don't Stop til We Major	JT the Bigga Figga
performer	``I'm Right Here'' is a song by Irish singer Samantha Mumba, the first single release from her aborted second album Woman (2002).	I'm Right Here	Samantha Mumba
performer	Vu de l'extérieur (French for ``Exterior View'') is a studio album by French musician Serge Gainsbourg, released in 1973.	Vu de l'extérieur	Serge Gainsbourg
performer	``I Left My Wallet in El Segundo'' is the debut single from A Tribe Called Quest's debut album People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm.	I Left My Wallet in El Segundo	A Tribe Called Quest
performer	The Carnival Bizarre is the third album by British doom metal band Cathedral.	The Carnival Bizarre	Cathedral
performer	Funk Upon a Rhyme is a G-funk-based album from 1994 by rapper Kokane.	Funk Upon a Rhyme	Kokane
performer	Mister Magic is the fourth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington, Jr., released in February 1975.	Mister Magic	Grover Washington
performer	``Green-Eyed Lady'' is a popular single by the 1970s psychedelic rock band Sugarloaf.	Green-Eyed Lady	Sugarloaf
performer	After a performance of ``Boys'' from Britney, Spears performed a military drill with her male dancers, which ended with her putting on a faux fur vest to perform ``If U Seek Amy''.	If U Seek Amy	Britney, Spears
performer	Sorry, Sorry is the third studio album by South Korean boy band Super Junior, released on March 12, 2009 in South Korea.	Sorry, Sorry	Super Junior
performer	Altum is the second studio album recorded by the Finnish Gothic metal band Silentium.	Altum	Silentium
performer	We Were Born in a Flame is the debut full-length studio album by Canadian rock musician and singer/songwriter Sam Roberts.	We Were Born in a Flame	Sam Roberts
performer	Blessed Be God, A Cappella is the first album of the Chorus Paulinus recorded in the Philippines.	Blessed Be God, A Cappella	Chorus Paulinus
performer	Reflections in a Mud Puddle was the third solo LP by Dory Previn, released in late 1971.	Reflections in a Mud Puddle	Dory Previn
performer	``Baby I'm Burning'' was a 1978 song written and performed by Dolly Parton that was part of a double-A-sided single ``Baby I'm Burning''/``I Really Got the Feeling''.	Baby I'm Burning	Dolly Parton
performer	``Annie Had a Baby'' is a 1954 rhythm and blues song written by Henry Glover (co-credited to Lois Mann) and recorded by The Midnighters.	Annie Had a Baby	The Midnighters
performer	New American Gospel is the debut studio album by American groove metal band Lamb of God.	New American Gospel	Lamb of God
performer	Supo Spot is a 1997 compilation album released by Quickspace.	Supo Spot	Quickspace
performer	``Give Me Tonight'' is a 1984 single by Shannon, an American R&B and dance artist.	Give Me Tonight	Shannon
performer	Still Walkin' is the third album by Coo Coo Cal, released on May 14, 2002 through Infinite Records.	Still Walkin'	Coo Coo Cal
performer	``Happy Violentine'' is the third single from the Miss Kittin's first solo album I Com.	Happy Violentine	Miss Kittin
performer	``Please Don't Stop Loving Me'' is a song written and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton.	Please Don't Stop Loving Me	Porter Wagoner	Dolly Parton
performer	``Po Pimp'' is the debut single by Do or Die, it served as the lead single from their debut album, Picture This.	Po Pimp	Do or Die
performer	Munly's Petr & the Wulf is the sixth studio album by Denver musician Jay Munly.	Petr & the Wulf	Jay Munly
performer	``Nothing to Worry About'' is the first single by Peter Bjorn and John from the album Living Thing.	Nothing to Worry About	Peter Bjorn and John
performer	Lost in Reverie is the third studio album release from the Norwegian avant-garde metal band Peccatum.	Lost in Reverie	Peccatum
performer	``Hollywood's Not America'' is a song by American pop singer/songwriter Ferras and is featured on his debut studio album, Aliens & Rainbows.	Hollywood's Not America	Ferras
performer	R.I.P. Siegel/Schwall is an album by the blues-rock group the Siegel-- Schwall Band.	R.I.P. Siegel/Schwall	Siegel-- Schwall Band
performer	Which Bitch? is the second album from Scottish band The View which was released 2 February 2009.	Which Bitch?	The View
performer	Concierto is an album by the Jim Hall sextet, featuring Paul Desmond, Chet Baker, Ron Carter, Steve Gadd and Roland Hanna.	Concierto	Jim Hall
performer	Disfigured Narcissus is an album by British death metal band Gutworm, released in 2007.	Disfigured Narcissus	Gutworm
performer	``Your Flag Decal Won't Get You Into Heaven Anymore'' is an anti-war song by John Prine.	Your Flag Decal Won't Get You Into Heaven Anymore	John Prine
performer	Protuotrov (English translation: Antidote) is the fifth studio album by Bosnian rapper Frenkie.	Protuotrov	Frenkie
performer	``New God Flow'' is a song by American rappers Pusha T and Kanye West.	New God Flow	Pusha T	Kanye West
performer	``Karn Evil 9'' is an extended work by progressive rock group Emerson, Lake & Palmer, appearing on the album Brain Salad Surgery.	Karn Evil 9	Emerson, Lake & Palmer
performer	Celestial Lineage is the fourth full-length studio album by American black metal band Wolves in the Throne Room.	Celestial Lineage	Wolves in the Throne Room
performer	Sings in Italian for You is an album by the singer Dalida.	Sings in Italian for You	Dalida
performer	You Could Be is the fourth release of the Montreal-based instrumental act Torngat.	You Could Be	Torngat
performer	This Earthly Spell is the fourth studio album by Scottish folk musician Karine Polwart, released on March 10, 2008.	This Earthly Spell	Karine Polwart
performer	Rearrange EP is the 1998 promotional EP released by God Lives Underwater and is their second EP album.	Rearrange EP	God Lives Underwater
performer	Ding Dong! is the debut studio album by Finnish Pop singer Krista Siegfrids.	Ding Dong!	Krista Siegfrids
performer	Sueño Stereo (Spanish for Stereo Dream) is the seventh and final studio album recorded by Argentine rock band Soda Stereo.	Sueño Stereo	Soda Stereo
performer	Flying Doesn't Help is a solo album by Anthony Moore (credited on the album sleeve as 'A. More'), released by Quango in 1978.	Flying Doesn't Help	Anthony Moore
performer	Ako imaš s kim i gde (trans. If You Have With Whom And Where) is the fourth studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out, released by Multimedia records in 2004.	Ako imaš s kim i gde	Block Out
performer	``Dang Me'' is a 1964 song by American country music artist Roger Miller, and that year's Grammy Award winner for Best Country & Western Song.	Dang Me	Roger Miller
performer	``Verdammt, ich lieb' dich'' is a 1990 song by German singer-songwriter Matthias Reim, from his debut album Reim.	Verdammt, ich lieb' dich	Matthias Reim
performer	Science Will Figure You Out is the first official release by Soltero, aka Tim Howard.	Science Will Figure You Out	Soltero
performer	``The Memory Remains'' is a song by American heavy metal band Metallica, with British singer-songwriter Marianne Faithfull singing backup.	The Memory Remains	Metallica
performer	``The Day the World Gets 'Round'' is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1973 album Living in the Material World.	The Day the World Gets 'Round	George Harrison
performer	``Ella, elle l'a'' (French for ``Ella, she has it'') is a single released by France Gall.	Ella, elle l'a	France Gall
performer	``Blue and Yellow'' is the fourth single from The Used's self-titled debut album The Used.	Blue and Yellow	The Used
performer	Imaginations from the Other Side is the fifth studio album by Blind Guardian that was released in 1995.	Imaginations from the Other Side	Blind Guardian
performer	``Your Guardian Angel'' is a power ballad by the band The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus.	Your Guardian Angel	The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
performer	``All the Times I Cried'' is the debut solo single by Texas lead singer, Sharleen Spiteri, from her debut solo album, Melody.	All the Times I Cried	Sharleen Spiteri
performer	``Out Is Through'' is a pop rock song written by Alanis Morissette for her sixth studio album (fourth internationally), So-Called Chaos.	Out Is Through	Alanis Morissette
performer	Introducing Me was a song recorded by Nick Jonas for the Camp Rock 2:	Introducing Me	Nick Jonas
performer	``My Favourite Game'' is an alternative rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans' 1998 album Gran Turismo.	My Favourite Game	The Cardigans
performer	The Corruption of Mercy is the second album by Sarah Jezebel Deva was to-be released on June 20, 2011, but was later announced that it would be released on June 27, 2011 due to artwork issues.	The Corruption of Mercy	Sarah Jezebel Deva
performer	L.A. State of Mind is the second solo studio album by English singer-songwriter Mel B (credited on this release with her full name, Melanie Brown).	L.A. State of Mind	Melanie Brown
performer	The Birth of Corneilius is a 2007 studio album by Corneille released in 2007.	The Birth of Corneilius	Corneille
performer	``When I See U'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Fantasia Barrino for her second studio album, Fantasia (2006).	When I See U	Fantasia Barrino
performer	Skin of the Earth is the second full-length album release by the Dutch symphonic metal band Kingfisher Sky.	Skin of the Earth	Kingfisher Sky
performer	Bonfire Heart is the first single from British singer-songwriter James Blunt's fourth studio album, Moon Landing (2013).	Bonfire Heart	James Blunt
performer	``Something Holy'' is the first single by Stellar Kart from the album Everything Is Different Now, released on 9 March 2010.	Something Holy	Stellar Kart
performer	``Have I Told You Lately That I Love You?'' is a popular song written by Scotty Wiseman and published in 1945.	Have I Told You Lately That I Love You?	Scotty Wiseman
performer	``I Say a Little Prayer'' is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David for Dionne Warwick, originally peaking at number four on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 pop singles chart in December 1967.	I Say a Little Prayer	Dionne Warwick
performer	Ingenting att Förlora (Nothing to lose) was released on March 13, 2006 and is the debut album from the Swedish pop singer Linda Bengtzing.	Ingenting att Förlora	Linda Bengtzing
performer	``Jungleland'' is an almost ten-minute long closing song on Bruce Springsteen's 1975 album Born to Run, and tells a tale of love amid a backdrop of gang violence.	Jungleland	Bruce Springsteen
performer	What's His Name? is the debut album by Keith Frank and the Soileau Zydeco Band released on Maison de Soul Records.	What's His Name?	Keith Frank
performer	Endless Dream is a song by Yes released on their 1994 album Talk.	Endless Dream	Yes
performer	Human Conflict Number Five was the debut EP by 10,000 Maniacs.	Human Conflict Number Five	10,000 Maniacs
performer	The Montreal Tapes: with Geri Allen and Paul Motian is a live album by the American jazz bassist Charlie Haden with pianist Geri Allen and drummer Paul Motian recorded in 1989 and released on the Verve label.	The Montreal Tapes: with Geri Allen and Paul Motian	Charlie Haden
performer	Absolute Ego is the fourth studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Aco, released on December 15, 1999.	Absolute Ego	Aco
performer	In the 1986 movie The Name of the Rose, Sean Connery played the role of Brother William of Baskerville.	William of Baskerville	Sean Connery
performer	``Why Tell Me Why'' is a 1981 song performed by Dutch singer Anita Meyer and it is one of her most notable songs.	Why Tell Me Why	Anita Meyer
performer	Stakkels Jim (aka Gas 4) is a studio album by Gasolin' and was released in November 1974.	Stakkels Jim	Gasolin
performer	Blues for We is the third album by American blues guitarist Mel Brown (guitarist) recorded in 1969 for the Impulse! label.	Blues for We	Mel Brown
performer	``I Promise'', written by hit maker Diane Warren, was the third single from Stacie Orrico's self-titled second album.	I Promise	Stacie Orrico
performer	``Turn to You'' is a 1984 single, released by the all-female pop rock/new wave band The Go-Go's.	Turn to You	The Go-Go
performer	Keys to the World is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Richard Ashcroft.	Keys to the World	Richard Ashcroft
performer	``I Smoke, I Drank'', also known as ``Do It Big'', is the lead single from Body Head Bangerz's debut album, Body Head Bangerz:	I Smoke, I Drank	Body Head Bangerz
performer	``No Escapin' This'' is the first single from Take It or Squeeze It, a 2001 album by East Coast hip hop group The Beatnuts.	No Escapin' This	The Beatnuts
performer	Vogts Villa (Vogt's Villa in English) is a 1996 album by Norwegian singer Morten Harket, sung in Norwegian.	Vogts Villa	Morten Harket
performer	¿El Concepto? is the second album of the Puerto Rican rock band Sol D'Menta.	¿El Concepto?	Sol D'Menta
performer	Up Popped the Two Lips is an album by Henry Threadgill featuring seven of Threadgill's compositions performed by Threadgill's Zooid.	Up Popped the Two Lips	Henry Threadgill
performer	``Symphony of Life'' is a pop-dance song written by Tina Arena and Peter-John Vettese, produced by Vettese for Arena's fourth album Just Me (2001).	Symphony of Life	Tina Arena
performer	Tales of Silversleeve is the second album released by Irish-born singer Cathy Davey.	Tales of Silversleeve	Cathy Davey
performer	Po Čertech Velkej Koncert is the second live album and the fourth live DVD/Blu-ray by the Czech hard rock band Kabát, released on November 27, 2009.	Po Čertech Velkej Koncert	Kabát
performer	For the Damned, the Dumb & the Delirious is the sixth studio album by the Boston ska punk band Big D and the Kids Table, released on July 5, 2011 by Side One Dummy Records.	For the Damned, the Dumb & the Delirious	Big D and the Kids Table
performer	``I'm So Crazy'' is a song by Italian electronic duo Par-T-One and Australian rock group INXS.	I'm So Crazy	Par-T-One	INXS
performer	African Litany is the second studio album from South African band Juluka, released in 1981.	African Litany	Juluka
performer	``A Boy Named Sue'' is a song written by Shel Silverstein that was made popular by Johnny Cash.	A Boy Named Sue	Johnny Cash
performer	``I'm Not in Love'' is a song by English group 10cc, written by band members Eric Stewart and Graham Gouldman.	I'm Not in Love	10cc
performer	``Come Back Around'' was the first single released from British rock band Feeder's 2002 album Comfort in Sound.	Come Back Around	Feeder
performer	The World's Most Dangerous Party was Paul Shaffer's second album, released as a double CD in July 1993.	The World's Most Dangerous Party	Paul Shaffer
performer	Strict Joy is the third album by The Swell Season (Glen Hansard and Markéta Irglová).	Strict Joy	The Swell Season
performer	The Angela Test is a 2005 Indie rock album by Icelandic band Leaves.	The Angela Test	Leaves
performer	Bad Shave was the second of five albums of home-made recordings, released by Stephen Jones under the name 'Baby Bird' in 1995.	Bad Shave	Stephen Jones
performer	Uncivilization is the sixth studio album by American heavy metal band Biohazard, released on September 11, 2001 by Sanctuary Records and is the last album to feature guitarist Leo Curley, who would leave the band shortly after to focus on writing his own music.	Uncivilization	Biohazard
performer	Bridge Burning is a song by American rock band Foo Fighters.	Bridge Burning	Foo Fighters
performer	Let Us Never Speak of It Again is the second album by American electronic band Out Hud.	Let Us Never Speak of It Again	Out Hud
performer	The Many Faces of Oliver Hart is a studio album by Eyedea, released under the pseudonym Oliver Hart.	The Many Faces of Oliver Hart	Eyedea
performer	This Godless Endeavor is the sixth album by Seattle based American progressive metal band Nevermore and was released on July 26, 2005.	This Godless Endeavor	Nevermore
performer	``ADD SUV'' was written by Uffie and produced by acclaimed electro artist Mirwais, who worked with Uffie a lot on her debut album and features Pharrell Williams performing guest vocals.	ADD SUV	Pharrell Williams
performer	``Pop the Glock'' is a single by French-American recording artist Uffie.	Pop the Glock	Uffie
performer	``Let Me See the Booty'' is the first promotional single released from The Dream's second studio album Love vs. Money.	Let Me See the Booty	The Dream
performer	The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 1 is the ninth studio album by rapper B.G. The album has production from DJ Smurf, B.G. himself, Sinister, Dani Kartel, K.I.D.D. and Mouse.	The Heart of tha Streetz, Vol. 1	B.G.
performer	``Radio Radio'' (sometimes written ``Radio, Radio'') is a single by Elvis Costello and The Attractions released in the United Kingdom in October 1978.	Radio Radio	Elvis Costello
performer	``Seven Spanish Angels'' is a song written by Troy Seals and Eddie Setser, and recorded by American country music artist Willie Nelson as a duet with Ray Charles.	Seven Spanish Angels	Willie Nelson	Ray Charles
performer	``Ain't a Party'' is a song by French house music producer and disc jockey (DJ) David Guetta and Dutch duo GLOWINTHEDARK, featuring vocals from Harrison .	Ain't a Party	David Guetta
performer	Dopium is the third solo studio album by Wu-Tang Clan member U-God.	Dopium	U-God
performer	``Last Horizon'' is a guitar solo written by Queen's guitarist Brian May.	Last Horizon	Brian May
performer	The Monkey on My Shoulder EP is a collection of demo songs written British singer-songwriter James Blunt.	Monkey on My Shoulder	James Blunt
performer	Final Touches is a full-length album by country music singer Conway Twitty, released in 1993, the year of his death.	Final Touches	Conway Twitty
performer	``Boy (I Need You)'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, taken from her ninth studio album, Charmbracelet (2002).	Boy (I Need You)	Mariah Carey
performer	Jag är inte rädd för mörkret (Swedish for I Am Not Afraid of the Dark) is the tenth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Jag är inte rädd för mörkret	Kent
performer	Lex Hives is the fifth full-length album by Swedish rock band The Hives.	Lex Hives	The Hives
performer	Devil's Ground is an album by German power metal band Primal Fear.	Devil's Ground	Primal Fear
performer	Whiskey Before Breakfast is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake, released in 1976.	Whiskey Before Breakfast	Norman Blake
performer	Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy is the major label debut studio album by alternative rock band The Refreshments, released on February 27, 1996 (see 1996 in music).	Fizzy Fuzzy Big & Buzzy	The Refreshments
performer	``Green Is the Colour'' is a track on Pink Floyd's 1969 Soundtrack from the Film More.	Green Is the Colour	Pink Floyd
performer	World Wide Live is a live album by German rock band Scorpions released in 1985.	World Wide Live	Scorpions
performer	Luxury Problem is the fifth studio album by the punk rock band Lunachicks.	Luxury Problem	Lunachicks
performer	Soundtracks for the Blind is the tenth studio album by Swans, and the last released until 2010's My Father Will Guide Me Up a Rope to the Sky.	Soundtracks for the Blind	Swans
performer	``Rhinestone Cowboy'' is a song written by Larry Weiss and most famously recorded by American country music singer Glen Campbell with instrumental backing by the Wrecking Crew, L.A. session musicians.	Rhinestone Cowboy	Glen Campbell
performer	``Who Feels Love?'' is a song by the English rock band Oasis, written by the band's lead guitarist Noel Gallagher.	Who Feels Love?	Oasis
performer	Don't Forget Who You Are is the second studio album by indie-rock musician Miles Kane.	Don't Forget Who You Are	Miles Kane
performer	The Name, The Motto, The Outcome (2007) is the debut solo album from Binary Star member Senim Silla.	The Name, The Motto, The Outcome	Senim Silla
performer	Ben Urich appeared in the 2003 Daredevil feature film, played by Joe Pantoliano.	Ben Urich	Joe Pantoliano
performer	``Cadê Dalila'' (Where is Dalila) is a song performed by the Brazilian singer Ivete Sangalo, released as the lead single from her album Pode Entrar.	Cadê Dalila	Ivete Sangalo
performer	Painter Man is a song by the music group, The Creation.	Painter Man	The Creation
performer	Beautiful News is an album by Christian worship artist Matt Redman.	Beautiful News	Matt Redman
performer	Supreme Immortal Art is the fourth studio album release by black metal band Abigor.	Supreme Immortal Art	Abigor
performer	Get Out While You Can is the second album by Australian musician Dan Sultan, released in 2009.	Get Out While You Can	Dan Sultan
performer	24 Hour Roadside Resistance is an album by the political-ska punk band Against All Authority; first released in 2000.	24 Hour Roadside Resistance	Against All Authority
performer	Life After Dark is the first Australian studio album by Mark Williams released in 1980.	Life After Dark	Mark Williams
performer	Tengo Sed de Ti is a Spanish album released by Brazilian Christian music singer Soraya Moraes.	Tengo Sed de Ti	Soraya Moraes
performer	Schuur Fire is a 2005 album by Diane Schuur, accompanied by the Caribbean Jazz Project.	Schuur Fire	Diane Schuur
performer	Inilah Jac is the second album released in 2006 by Jaclyn Victor since winning Malaysian Idol.	Inilah Jac	Jaclyn Victor
performer	Europe '72 is a 1972 live triple album of performances by the Grateful Dead, recorded during their tour of Western Europe in early 1972.	Europe '72	Grateful Dead
performer	Bout It is the debut album by American Gospel singer Willie Norwood.	Bout It	Willie Norwood
performer	Lost Songs of 1936 is a jazz trio album led by Bucky Pizzarelli, released in 2006.	Lost Songs of 1936	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	``Still Got It'' is a song by American rapper Tyga featuring fellow Young Money-member, Drake.	Still Got It	Drake
performer	``I Know You See It'' is the second single by rap artist Yung Joc of his debut album New Joc City.	I Know You See It	Yung Joc
performer	``I'm Your Pusher'' is a 1988 single by Ice-T, from his second album Power.	I'm Your Pusher	Ice-T
performer	Togetherland was originally intended to be Seal's fourth album and was to be released back in 2001.	Togetherland	Seal
performer	Takut is a 1990 compilation album by Indonesian singer Anggun, released in 1990 under label Harpa Records.	Takut	Anggun
performer	``You Ain't Down Home'' is the title of a debut song written by Jamie O'Hara, and recorded by American country music artist Jann Browne.	You Ain't Down Home	Jann Browne
performer	Hey Man is the fourth studio album by the pop rock band Mr. Big.	Hey Man	Mr. Big
performer	``Got the Life'' is a song written and recorded by American band Korn for their third studio album, Follow the Leader which was released as the album's second single on November 23, 1998.	Got the Life	Korn
performer	``Možda volim te'' (English translation: Maybe I love you) is a pop song and the fourth single by the Croatian singer Franka Batelić, recorded for the Croatian selection for the Croatian Radio Festival.	Možda volim te	Franka Batelić
performer	Got a Good Thing Goin' is an album by American organist Big John Patton recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label.	Got a Good Thing Goin'	John Patton
performer	Les Discrets Fursy Teyssier - lead vocals, guitars, bass, artwork Winterhalter - drums Audrey Hadorn - spoken vocals Additional musicians Gianluca Divirgilio (Arctic Plateau) - vocals in ``Ariettes oubliées...	Ariettes oubliées...	Les Discrets
performer	Winelight is a 1980 album by jazz musician Grover Washington, Jr. It received the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Fusion Performance in 1982.	Winelight	Grover Washington
performer	Spirit of Eden is the fourth album by the English New wave band Talk Talk, released in 1988 on Parlophone records.	Spirit of Eden	Talk Talk
performer	``Should I Feel That It's Over'' is vocalist Alison Moyet's first single from 2002, being the lead single of the album Hometime.	Should I Feel That It's Over	Alison Moyet
performer	Nova's Dream is the fifth studio album by Canadian rock musician Aldo Nova, released on November 18th 1997.	Nova's Dream	Aldo Nova
performer	The Girls Won't Leave the Boys Alone is an album by Cherish the Ladies released in 2001 on the Windham Hill label.	The Girls Won't Leave the Boys Alone	Cherish the Ladies
performer	Love Changes Things is a studio album by Ju-Taun released June 30, 2009.	Love Changes Things	Ju-Taun
performer	Truthfully Truthfully is the second album by artist Joel Plaskett under the band name Joel Plaskett Emergency and his third since splitting from Thrush Hermit.	Truthfully Truthfully	Joel Plaskett
performer	A Living Legend is the fifth album by Mother Maybelle Carter.	A Living Legend	Maybelle Carter
performer	``Stop Whispering'' is a single from English alternative rock band Radiohead, released as the band's fourth single in 1993.	Stop Whispering	Radiohead
performer	No Business is a 2005 album by the sound collage band Negativland.	No Business	Negativland
performer	``I Won't Come In While He's There'' is a 1967 posthumous single by Jim Reeves.	I Won't Come In While He's There	Jim Reeves
performer	Calma apparente, also known by its Spanish name Calma aparente, is a 2005 studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Eros Ramazzotti.	Calma apparente	Eros Ramazzotti
performer	Veterans Songs is the first studio album by the American Indian drum group Lakota Thunder.	Veterans Songs	Lakota Thunder
performer	Metropolis Gold is the only album by Brooklyn hip hop duo All City, composed of rapper J. Mega and rapper/singer Greg Valentine.	Metropolis Gold	All City
performer	Rocío de la Mancha is a 1963 album by the Spanish singer and actress Rocío Dúrcal.	Rocío de la Mancha	Rocío Dúrcal
performer	The Message Is Love is the self-produced tenth album by American R&B singer Barry White, released in 1979.	The Message Is Love	Barry White
performer	These Days (The Virginia Sessions) is an album released by the Richmond, Virginia, based Pat McGee Band.	These Days (The Virginia Sessions)	Pat McGee Band
performer	Vintage Whine is the ninth full-length album by British folk metal band Skyclad.	Vintage Whine	Skyclad
performer	Results May Vary is the fourth studio album by the American nu metal band Limp Bizkit.	Results May Vary	Limp Bizkit
performer	``Love Resurrection'' is a pop song written by English singer-songwriter Alison Moyet and producers Jolley & Swain for Moyet's debut studio album Alf (1984).	Love Resurrection	Alison Moyet
performer	Heart of a Gangsta, Mind of a Hustla, Tongue of a Pimp is the fourth album by Hyphy Bay Area rapper Mac Dre.	Heart of a Gangsta, Mind of a Hustla, Tongue of a Pimp	Mac Dre
performer	``Deeper Shade of Blue'' is a song by British group Steps, released as the band's ninth single.	Deeper Shade of Blue	Steps
performer	Out of Exile is the second studio album by the American rock supergroup Audioslave, first released on May 23, 2005 internationally, and a day later in the United States.	Out of Exile	Audioslave
performer	Jesus Egg That Wept is the second solo album by Danielle Dax, an English experimental musician and former member of The Lemon Kittens.	Jesus Egg That Wept	Danielle Dax
performer	Modern Times Revive is the fifth studio album by Dutch rock and roll and blues group Herman Brood & His Wild Romance.	Modern Times Revive	Herman Brood
performer	All Four One is the RIAA Gold-certified third album by new wave band The Motels, released in 1982.	All Four One	The Motels
performer	``Closer to the Heart'' is a single by Rush, released in 1977, from the album A Farewell to Kings.	Closer to the Heart	Rush
performer	The Intimate Ellington is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington compiled from sessions recorded in 1969, 1970 and 1971, and released on the Pablo label in 1977.	The Intimate Ellington	Duke Ellington
performer	Sve što vidim i sve što znam (Serbian Cyrillic: Све што видим и све што знам; trans. All I See and All I Know) is the third album by the Serbian rock band Bjesovi, released in 1997.	Sve što vidim i sve što znam	Bjesovi
performer	``Y Hubo Alguien'' (Eng.: And There Was Somebody) is a song written by the Panamanian songwriter Omar Alfanno and performed by Marc Anthony.	Y Hubo Alguien	Marc Anthony
performer	Jung, brutal, gutaussehend (German for Young, brutal, good-looking) is a German rap album by Kollegah and Farid Bang.	Jung, brutal, gutaussehend	Kollegah
performer	``Weißt du wohin wir gehen'' (do you know where we go?) is the third single from Christina Stürmer's second album, soll das wirklich alles sein?	Weißt du wohin wir gehen	Christina Stürmer
performer	Everything Sad Is Coming Untrue is a music album by Jason Gray released September 1, 2009.	Everything Sad Is Coming Untrue	Jason Gray
performer	The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth is the debut album by British folk metal group Skyclad, and is regarded as one of the first folk metal albums, with the track ``The Widdershins Jig'' in particular pointing the way for the genre.	The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth	Skyclad
performer	``Give the People What They Want'' is a song by R&B vocal group The O'Jays.	Give the People What They Want	The O'Jays
performer	``Dancing Tonight'' is a single by Dominican-American recording artist Kat DeLuna, the fourth single from her album Inside Out.	Dancing Tonight	Kat DeLuna
performer	Percik Pesona (Stain of Enchantment) is a 1979 album by Indonesian singer Chrisye.	Percik Pesona	Chrisye
performer	Hipertrofia (Hypertrophy) is the third album by Coma, released on November 10, 2008.	Hipertrofia	Coma
performer	``N 2 Gether Now'' is a hip hop song by the American rock band Limp Bizkit and features the rapper Method Man.	N 2 Gether Now	Limp Bizkit	Method Man
performer	Ah W Noss (Arabic: آه ونص‎) is the hit 2004 album from Lebanese singer Nancy Ajram.	Ah W Noss	Nancy Ajram
performer	``Cymbaline'' is a Pink Floyd song from the album, Soundtrack from the Film More.	Cymbaline	Pink Floyd
performer	``Funkytown'' is a song by American band Lipps Inc., which appears on their 1979 debut album, Mouth to Mouth.	Funkytown	Lipps Inc.
performer	``Madame Helga'' is a single from the Stereophonics 2003 album You Gotta Go There to Come Back.	Madame Helga	Stereophonics
performer	New York in the 1960s is an album by Welsh-born musician John Cale.	New York in the 1960s	John Cale
performer	``Lights Out, Words Gone'' is the second single by British rock band Bombay Bicycle Club from their third studio album, A Different Kind of Fix.	Lights Out, Words Gone	Bombay Bicycle Club
performer	``Your Possible Pasts'' (mislabeled as ``Your Impossible Pasts'' on a radio promo single) is a song from Pink Floyd's 1983 album, The Final Cut.	Your Possible Pasts	Pink Floyd
performer	Steal Yer Heart ia an album released by The Briefs on October 18, 2005.	Steal Yer Heart	The Briefs
performer	I Myself and Me is a 1992 studio album released by Swedish singer Pernilla Wahlgren.	I Myself and Me	Pernilla Wahlgren
performer	Feel Euphoria is the seventh studio album by American progressive rock band Spock's Beard.	Feel Euphoria	Spock's Beard
performer	``Proudest Monkey'' is a song by the Dave Matthews Band, featured on the 1996 album Crash.	Proudest Monkey	Dave Matthews Band
performer	The Linear Scaffold is the debut studio album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band Solefald.	The Linear Scaffold	Solefald
performer	Old Crows / Young Cardinals is the fourth studio album from post-hardcore band Alexisonfire, released on June 23, 2009.	Old Crows / Young Cardinals	Alexisonfire
performer	Born in the U.S.A. is the seventh studio album by American rock singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen.	Born in the U.S.A.	Bruce Springsteen
performer	Kom följ med i vår karusell (Come Join Us On Our Carousel) is a children's album released in early 1987, recorded by Swedish singer and ABBA member Agnetha Fältskog and her son Christian Ulvaeus, nine years old at the time.	Kom följ med i vår karusell	Agnetha Fältskog
performer	Songs for Sentimentalists is an album released by Cathy Carr on the RCA Victor label in 1964.	Songs for Sentimentalists	Cathy Carr
performer	Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy) is the second solo album by English musician Brian Eno.	Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)	Brian Eno
performer	Splatterthrash is an album released in June 2006 by Ghoul.	Splatterthrash	Ghoul
performer	Facing You is the first album released on ECM by jazz pianist Keith Jarrett.	Facing You	Keith Jarrett
performer	Let's Hear It for Love is the eighth and latest studio album from American rock and pop singer Benny Mardones.	Let's Hear It for Love	Benny Mardones
performer	The Vampire Chronicles, Daniel Molloy is played by Christian Slater.	Daniel Molloy	Christian Slater
performer	Electric Barnyard is the second studio album released by the Southern American country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters.	Electric Barnyard	The Kentucky Headhunters
performer	``No Existe'' (English: Not Exist) is a Latin pop song by Colombian duo Siam.	No Existe	Siam
performer	``Come and Talk to Me'' is a song by American R&B group Jodeci from their debut album Forever My Lady (1991).	Come and Talk to Me	Jodeci
performer	``Right Hand Hi'' is the fourth single taken from the album Ultraviolet by Kid Sister.	Right Hand Hi	Kid Sister
performer	A Love Hate Masquerade is the final album from Kids in the Way.	A Love Hate Masquerade	Kids in the Way
performer	``I'm Coming Out'' is a song made popular by American singer Diana Ross.	I'm Coming Out	Diana Ross
performer	Elvis, Barbra & jag is a cover album of the Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist consisting of remaking of songs by Elvis Presley and Barbra Streisand.	Elvis, Barbra & jag	Carola Häggkvist
performer	Songs from The Capeman is the ninth solo studio album by Paul Simon, released in 1997.	Songs from The Capeman	Paul Simon
performer	Dislocation Blues is a collaboration between singer-songwriters and guitarists, Chris Whitley and Jeff Lang.	Dislocation Blues	Chris Whitley
performer	Of Mist and Melting is the second album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in 1977 and released on the ECM label.	Of Mist and Melting	Bill Connors
performer	Walking the Wire is an album released by American country music singer Dan Seals.	Walking the Wire	Dan Seals
performer	Pickin' Up Pieces is the lead single from Brenda K. Starr's debut album, I Want Your Love released in 1985 on Mirage Records.	Pickin' Up Pieces	Brenda K. Starr
performer	``Cuéntale'' (English: Tell Her) is a song by Puerto Rican recording artist Ivy Queen, from her fifth studio album Flashback (2005).	Cuéntale	Ivy Queen
performer	Invictus (Means) Unconquered is an album released by country musician David Allan Coe.	Invictus (Means) Unconquered	David Allan Coe
performer	``I Remember Elvis Presley (The King Is Dead)'' is a song co-written by Dick Bakker, Eddy Ouwens and Dunhills, performed by Ouwens under the name of Danny Mirror.	I Remember Elvis Presley (The King Is Dead)	Eddy Ouwens
performer	Some Loud Thunder is the second album by Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, an indie rock band from Brooklyn.	Some Loud Thunder	Clap Your Hands Say Yeah
performer	Ta Kormia Kai Ta Maheria (The Bodies and The Knives) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki.	Ta Kormia Kai Ta Maheria	Eleftheria Arvanitaki
performer	``Almost Persuaded'' is a song written by Glenn Sutton and Muscle Shoals songwriter Billy Sherrill and first recorded by David Houston in 1966.	Almost Persuaded	David Houston
performer	We Too Are One is the eighth album by the British pop music duo Eurythmics, released in September 1989.	We Too Are One	Eurythmics
performer	``When You Touch Me'' is a song by English dance band Freemasons.	When You Touch Me	Freemasons
performer	High Adventure is the fourth solo album by soft rock singer, Kenny Loggins.	High Adventure	Kenny Loggins
performer	Griefshire is the third album by the gothic metal band Elis.	Griefshire	Elis
performer	Resurrection in Blood is the third album by Runemagick released in 1999 on Century Media.	Resurrection in Blood	Runemagick
performer	Girl You Know It's True is a 1989 album that was the U.S. debut of German pop group Milli Vanilli.	Girl You Know It's True	Milli Vanilli
performer	Fabric 22 is a DJ mix compilation album by Adam Beyer, as part of the Fabric Mix Series.	Fabric 22	Adam Beyer
performer	``Whatever Doesn't Kill Me'' is the second single from Canadian alternative rock band Finger Eleven's sixth album Life Turns Electric.	Whatever Doesn't Kill Me	Finger Eleven
performer	Beyond Abilities is the second studio album from progressive metal band Warmen.	Beyond Abilities	Warmen
performer	Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up is a 1970 album by Jeff Simmons, produced by Frank Zappa under the pseudonym ``La Marr Bruister''.	Lucille Has Messed My Mind Up	Jeff Simmons
performer	``Real Gangstaz'' is the second single from Mobb Deep's Amerikaz Nightmare album, and is produced by and features Lil Jon.	Real Gangstaz	Mobb Deep	Lil Jon
performer	``Like to Get to Know You'' is a 1968 song from Spanky and Our Gang.	Like to Get to Know You	Spanky and Our Gang
performer	Let the Picture Paint Itself is the title of the eighth studio album released by American country music artist Rodney Crowell.	Let the Picture Paint Itself	Rodney Crowell
performer	Nordic Quartet is an album by English saxophonist John Surman featuring Karin Krog, Terje Rypdal and Vigleik Storaas recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label.	Nordic Quartet	John Surman
performer	Deadwing is the eighth studio album by British progressive rock band Porcupine Tree, released on 28 March 2005.	Deadwing	Porcupine Tree
performer	``Baby, Stop Crying'' is a song written by Bob Dylan, released in the summer of 1978 as a single and in a longer album version on Street Legal.	Baby, Stop Crying	Bob Dylan
performer	Here's to the People is an album by jazz saxophonist Sonny Rollins, released on the Milestone label in 1991, featuring performances by Rollins with Clifton Anderson, Mark Soskin, Jerome Harris, Bob Cranshaw, Roy Hargrove, Jack DeJohnette, Steve Jordan, and Al Foster.	Here's to the People	Sonny Rollins
performer	``If You Can Dream'' is the first song that was originally written and recorded specifically for the Disney Princess media franchise.	If You Can Dream	Disney Princess
performer	``Super Kind of Woman'' is a 1973 single by Freddie Hart and the Heartbeats.	Super Kind of Woman	Freddie Hart
performer	Infinity Within is the second studio album by the house and club/dance group Deee-Lite.	Infinity Within	Deee-Lite
performer	``If Ever You're in My Arms Again'' is a 1984 popular song recorded by the American R&B singer Peabo Bryson.	If Ever You're in My Arms Again	Peabo Bryson
performer	The Price of Money is a collaboration album between American rappers The Jacka & 12 Gauge Shotie, released on January 20, 2009.	The Price of Money	The Jacka
performer	``Kahan Hai Tu'' (Urdu: کہاں ہے تو, literal English translation: ``where are you?'') is a rock-influenced song single by the Pakistani rock band Entity Paradigm from their debut album, Irtiqa.	Kahan Hai Tu	Entity Paradigm
performer	``Lonely Is the Night'' is a song written and performed by American rock singer and guitarist Billy Squier.	Lonely Is the Night	Billy Squier
performer	``Weather with You'' is a 1992 song by rock group Crowded House.	Weather with You	Crowded House
performer	The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars (often shortened to Ziggy Stardust) is the fifth studio album by English musician David Bowie.	The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars	David Bowie
performer	Deep Tracts of Hell is an album by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.	Deep Tracts of Hell	Aura Noir
performer	Trouble at the Henhouse is the fifth full-length album from Canadian rock band The Tragically Hip.	Trouble at the Henhouse	The Tragically Hip
performer	Ball of the Damned is the fourth full-length album by the speed metal band Scanner.	Ball of the Damned	Scanner
performer	Dai 7 Jikkenshitsu is the first major label album of the band Cali Gari.	Dai 7 Jikkenshitsu	Cali Gari
performer	Live at Folsom Field, Boulder, Colorado is the fourth live album released by the Dave Matthews Band.	Live at Folsom Field, Boulder, Colorado	Dave Matthews Band
performer	Tweaked is the 5th studio album and first independently released collection of new material by American rock band Enuff Z'nuff.	Tweaked	Enuff Z'nuff
performer	``Järjetön rakkaus'' (English: Mindless Love) is the second single release by Finnish singer Jesse Kaikuranta from his first album Vie mut kotiin.	Järjetön rakkaus	Jesse Kaikuranta
performer	Taste of Heaven was the second studio album by hard rock band Takara released in May 1995 on Long Island Records.	Taste of Heaven	Takara
performer	Quiet Life is the third studio album by English band Japan, released firstly in Japan, Germany, Canada and other countries in December 1979, then in the UK in January 1980 (due to a delay in manufacturing the album) by record label Hansa.	Quiet Life	Japan
performer	Conversations with Myself is a 1963 album by American jazz musician Bill Evans.	Conversations with Myself	Bill Evans
performer	Flipped Out in Singapore is the second album by the band Chainsaw Kittens, released in 1992.	Flipped Out in Singapore	Chainsaw Kittens
performer	Give Yourself Away is the second major studio album from contemporary Christian group Robbie Seay Band.	Give Yourself Away	Robbie Seay Band
performer	That's the Way It Should Be is an album by Booker T. & the M.G.'s, their first since Universal Language, released in 1977.	That's the Way It Should Be	Booker T. & the M.G.
performer	``Today's Lonely Fool'' is a song co-written by Kenny Beard and Stan Paul Davis and recorded by American country music artist Tracy Lawrence.	Today's Lonely Fool	Tracy Lawrence
performer	Just for Love is the fourth album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.	Just for Love	Quicksilver Messenger Service
performer	``I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)'' is a song by American rapper Jay-Z, released as the first single from his 2000 album The Dynasty:	I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me)	Jay-Z
performer	Now Then... is the fourth album by Stiff Little Fingers, released in 1982 (see 1982 in music).	Now Then...	Stiff Little Fingers
performer	Access:d is a live album by the band Delirious?.	Access:d	Delirious
performer	Live at Wembley Arena is an album of live recordings by Swedish pop group ABBA, released by Polar Music on September 29, 2014, on 2 CD, 3 LP and digital format.	Live at Wembley Arena	ABBA
performer	Looking for America is an album by American composer, bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley recorded in 2002 and released on the Watt/ECM label in 2003.	Looking for America	Carla Bley
performer	Music By Idiots is Captain Everything!'s first full-length album.	Music By Idiots	Captain Everything
performer	Who Will Answer? (and Other Songs of Our Time) is an album by pop vocalist Ed Ames, featuring two original songs (the album title track and ``Pale Venetian Blind'') and nine cover versions of popular hits from the 60's.	Who Will Answer?	Ed Ames
performer	``Whatever I Do (Wherever I Go)'' is a Hi-NRG song written and produced by British hitmaking team Stock Aitken & Waterman, which became a hit for singer Hazell Dean in 1984.	Whatever I Do (Wherever I Go)	Hazell Dean
performer	Aphrica is a collaboration album by Klaus Schulze, Rainer Bloss and Ernst Fuchs, with the painter Fuchs providing vocals.	Aphrica	Klaus Schulze
performer	Irreverence is the first full length studio album by French electronic music group Dirtyphonics, released on March 3, 2013.	Irreverence	Dirtyphonics
performer	``One Little Victory'' is the opening track and first single from Rush's 2002 album Vapor Trails, with music by Geddy Lee and Alex Lifeson, and lyrics by Neil Peart.	One Little Victory	Rush
performer	The Man-Machine (German: Die Mensch-Maschine) is the seventh studio album by German electronic music band Kraftwerk, released in May 1978.	The Man-Machine	Kraftwerk
performer	Recuerdos del Alma (Eng.: Soul Memories) is the title of a studio album released by romantic music group Los Temerarios.	Recuerdos del Alma	Los Temerarios
performer	Today and Now is an album by American jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins featuring performances recorded in 1962 for the Impulse! label.	Today and Now	Coleman Hawkins
performer	Happier Blue is an album by American singer/songwriter Chris Smither, released in 1993.	Happier Blue	Chris Smither
performer	The Stimulus Package is a collaborative album by Philadelphia rapper Freeway and Seattle producer Jake One.	The Stimulus Package	Freeway
performer	``Gives You Hell'' is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the lead single from their third studio album When the World Comes Down on September 30, 2008.	Gives You Hell	The All-American Rejects
performer	Rockstars and Lawnmowers is the third album from Ali Baba's Tahini, best known as the band Jake Cinninger was in before joining progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee.	Rockstars and Lawnmowers	Ali Baba's Tahini
performer	Progressions of Power is the fourth studio album by Canadian hard rock band Triumph, released in 1980.	Progressions of Power	Triumph
performer	Take Me to Tomorrow is the second album recorded by American singer-songwriter John Denver released in May 1970.	Take Me to Tomorrow	John Denver
performer	``What Am I to You?'' is the second single from Feels like Home from Norah Jones.	What Am I to You?	Norah Jones
performer	``Set Your Loving Free'' is a song recorded by British singer Lisa Stansfield for her 1991 album, Real Love.	Set Your Loving Free	Lisa Stansfield
performer	The Cosmic Game is the fourth studio album released by the downtempo group Thievery Corporation.	The Cosmic Game	Thievery Corporation
performer	A Moment's Peace is a studio album by jazz musician John Scofield.	A Moment's Peace	John Scofield
performer	``C'mon and Get My Love'' is a song by British dance producer D Mob, from his album A Little Bit of This, a Little Bit of That.	C'mon and Get My Love	D Mob
performer	I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love is the debut album by American alternative rock band My Chemical Romance, released on July 23, 2002.	I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love	My Chemical Romance
performer	Summerbreeze is a dance mix compilation produced by trance artist DJ Tiësto, released on October 10, 2000.	Summerbreeze	Tiësto
performer	``Hold On Loosely'' is a 1981 rock song by 38 Special and the first song to appear on their 4th studio album Wild-Eyed Southern Boys in 1981.	Hold On Loosely	38 Special
performer	``Good Times with Bad Boys'' is a single by American female pop group Boy Krazy, written and produced by British team Stock Aitken & Waterman.	Good Times with Bad Boys	Boy Krazy
performer	The Crackdown is the fifth studio album by English industrial band Cabaret Voltaire.	The Crackdown	Cabaret Voltaire
performer	A Pagan Storm is the second full-length album by the German Viking / pagan metal band Wolfchant.	A Pagan Storm	Wolfchant
performer	Season of Glass is a 1981 album by Yoko Ono, her first solo recording after the murder of her husband John Lennon.	Season of Glass	Yoko Ono
performer	The Tiny Bell Trio is the second album by trumpeter Dave Douglas and the first to feature his Tiny Bell Trio.	The Tiny Bell Trio	Dave Douglas
performer	Cult of Static is the sixth and final studio album by industrial metal band Static-X, and was released on March 17, 2009.	Cult of Static	Static-X
performer	Yawmyat Rajoul Mahzoom (Diary of a Defeated Man) is the eighteenth album by Kadim Al Sahir, released on 29 March 2007.	Yawmyat Rajoul Mahzoom	Kadim Al Sahir
performer	Love Their Country is the fifth studio album, and sixth overall by Me First and the Gimme Gimmes.	Love Their Country	Me First and the Gimme
performer	``No More Rhyme'' (Atlantic 88885; Atlantic Japan 09P3-6165) is the eighth single from American singer-songwriter-actress Debbie Gibson, and the third from her second album Electric Youth (LP 81932).	No More Rhyme	Debbie Gibson
performer	Straight from the Dec is the third studio album by the Ghetto Mafia.	Straight from the Dec	Ghetto Mafia
performer	Already Restless is the second and final studio album by Canadian country music trio Prescott-Brown.	Already Restless	Prescott-Brown
performer	Bring on the Snakes (2001) is the second proper, full-length album recorded by the indie rock band Crooked Fingers.	Bring on the Snakes	Crooked Fingers
performer	``Eyes May Shine'' is a song by Xzibit, released as the third single from his debut album, At the Speed of Life.	Eyes May Shine	Xzibit
performer	``Goodbyes'' is a song by English musician James Cottriall, from his first studio album Sincerely Me.	Goodbyes	James Cottriall
performer	Italian Intermezzo is a different kind of outing for jazz and rhythm guitarist Bucky Pizzarelli.	Italian Intermezzo	Bucky Pizzarelli
performer	Lonely Blue Boy is an album from Conway Twitty, released in 1960.	Lonely Blue Boy	Conway Twitty
performer	Hide Your Heart (released under the title Notes from America in the United States), is the seventh studio album by Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler.	Hide Your Heart	Bonnie Tyler
performer	Peel Slowly and See is a five-disc box set of material by The Velvet Underground.	Peel Slowly and See	The Velvet Underground
performer	Things That Play Themselves is the second album by the noise rock band King Snake Roost, released in 1988 through Aberrant Records.	Things That Play Themselves	King Snake Roost
performer	``Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour...'' (often shortened to ``Anything Can Happen'') is the second physical single, and third overall, by Enter Shikari and the second single to be released from their debut album Take to the Skies.	Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour	Enter Shikari
performer	Min kärlekssång till dig (My Lovesong For You), even called ``Jag har köpt mig en akustisk gitarr'' (``I Have Bought Me an Acoustic Guitar'') as in the beginning of the song, is a 1974 pop song written by Lasse Berghagen.	Min kärlekssång till dig	Lasse Berghagen
performer	``Façon Sex'' is a 2006 song recorded by the French duet Tribal King.	Façon Sex	Tribal King
performer	Kai Ta Matia Kai I Kardia (Greek: Και τα μάτια κι η καρδιά; English: And the eyes and the heart) is an album by popular Greek artist Eleftheria Arvanitaki released in 2008.	Kai Ta Matia Kai I Kardia	Eleftheria Arvanitaki
performer	Young, Black en Gifted, commonly referred to as Y.B.G., is Sunny Boy's debut album, released in December 2005 after he was signed to Mshasho Records in 2004.	Young, Black en Gifted	Sunny Boy
performer	Wailing With Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson released on the Blue Note label in 1957 featuring performances by Donaldson's Quintet with Donald Byrd, Herman Foster, Peck Morrison and Art Taylor.	Wailing With Lou	Lou Donaldson
performer	``Todavía'' is a song by Cruz Martínez Y Los Super Reyes.	Todavía	Cruz Martínez	Los Super Reyes
performer	Full Moon, Dirty Hearts is an album released by Australian band INXS in 1993, through Warner Music Australia.	Full Moon, Dirty Hearts	INXS
performer	Mariamar is an album by jazz saxophonist Archie Shepp recorded in Rome, Italy on October 16, 1975 and released on the Horo label.	Mariamar	Archie Shepp
performer	``I Just Don't Have the Heart'' is the second single from British singer Cliff Richard's 1989 album Stronger.	I Just Don't Have the Heart	Cliff Richard
performer	``Hello Sun'' is a song by the Hungarian indie rock band Amber Smith.	Hello Sun	Amber Smith
performer	American Slang is the third studio album by New Jersey--based rock group The Gaslight Anthem.	American Slang	The Gaslight Anthem
performer	How to Make Friends and Influence People is the second album by the rock band Terrorvision, released in 1994 on Total Vegas Recordings.	How to Make Friends and Influence People	Terrorvision
performer	Make a Scene is the fourth studio solo album by English recording artist Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in Russia on 18 April 2011 by Universal Music Group and in the United Kingdom on 13 June 2011 by Ellis-Bextor's own record label, EBGB's.	Make a Scene	Sophie Ellis-Bextor
performer	Tribute to My Father is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on September 21, 1993 on the Curb Records label.	Tribute to My Father	Hank Williams, Jr.
performer	Fake Out Takes (Not for Production) is a bonus album of outtakes, demos, and covers by rock band Virginia Coalition that came with preorders of Rock and Roll Party.	Fake Out Takes (Not for Production)	Virginia Coalition
performer	``Way to Go!'' is the second single by Rogue Traders from their second album Here Come the Drums, released in 2005.	Way to Go!	Rogue Traders
performer	``Two in a Million'' is a song recorded by S Club 7, released as the third single from their debut studio album, S Club, on 13 December 1999.	Two in a Million	S Club
performer	``Pardon Me'' is a song by American rock band Incubus, the song is released as the first single from their third album Make Yourself.	Pardon Me	Incubus
performer	Sarò libera is the second solo studio album from Emma Marrone, published on September 20, 2011 by the record Universal.	Sarò libera	Emma Marrone
performer	Heart in Motion is the eighth studio album, and twelfth album by Christian pop singer Amy Grant, released on March 5, 1991.	Heart in Motion	Amy Grant
performer	Cover from the Sky is the fourth and final single from Deacon Blue's album Fellow Hoodlums.	Cover from the Sky	Deacon Blue
performer	``You Didn't Expect That''' is a 2003 2-step garage song recorded by Filipino-American singer Billy Crawford, taken from the album Ride.	You Didn't Expect That	Billy Crawford
performer	``Nöjd?'' is a single by Swedish singer Veronica Maggio, from her debut Studio album Vatten och bröd.	Nöjd?	Veronica Maggio
performer	Sister Big Stuff is an album by reggae musician Prince Buster.	Sister Big Stuff	Prince Buster
performer	``Batman Theme'', the title song of the 1966 Batman TV series, was composed by Neal Hefti.	Batman Theme	Neal Hefti
performer	Postales is the third studio album of singer-songwriter Gaby Moreno.	Postales	Gaby Moreno
performer	Red Right Return (stylized as R∃D ЯIGHT R∃TЦЯИ) is the third studio album by Janus.	Red Right Return	Janus
performer	Body of Song is the sixth solo album from punk/indie/alternative rock veteran Bob Mould (ex-Hüsker Dü/Sugar).	Body of Song	Bob Mould
performer	The Grotesque / Ashen Epitaph is an EP by the death metal band Benediction.	The Grotesque / Ashen Epitaph	Benediction
performer	Read My Licks is a recording by American guitarist Chet Atkins.	Read My Licks	Chet Atkins
performer	``Youth of the Nation'' is a song by American Christian metal band P.O.D. It was released in December 2001 as the second single to come from their second major label album, Satellite.	Youth of the Nation	P.O.D.
performer	``Check My Brain'' is a song by the American rock band Alice in Chains, featured on their fourth studio album Black Gives Way to Blue (2009).	Check My Brain	Alice in Chains
performer	``The Day I Tried to Live'' is a song by the American grunge band Soundgarden.	The Day I Tried to Live	Soundgarden
performer	``Get Down Tonight'' is a song released in 1975 on the self-titled album by the disco group KC and the Sunshine Band.	Get Down Tonight	KC and the Sunshine Band
performer	The Horse That Bud Bought is the fourth studio album from heavy metal band Galactic Cowboys.	The Horse That Bud Bought	Galactic Cowboys
performer	``Don't Say Goodnight (It's Time for Love)'' is a 1980 quiet storm soul record by The Isley Brothers, released on their T-Neck imprint.	Don't Say Goodnight (It's Time for Love)	The Isley Brothers
performer	Tattoos & Tequila is the third solo studio album by Mötley Crüe frontman Vince Neil.	Tattoos & Tequila	Vince Neil
performer	``Can't Believe'' is a duet by American recording artists Faith Evans and Carl Thomas.	Can't Believe	Faith Evans	Carl Thomas
performer	``Stomp!'' is a song released by The Brothers Johnson from their fourth album, Light Up the Night, in early 1980.	Stomp!	The Brothers Johnson
performer	Make Him Do Right is Karyn White's third album, released in 1994.	Make Him Do Right	Karyn White
performer	I Stoled This Record is the second album from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd.	I Stoled This Record	Cledus T. Judd
performer	Smash Crusher was released by Punch People in 2003.	Smash Crusher	Punch People
performer	Penthouse Serenade is an instrumental jazz quartet album by Nat King Cole.	Penthouse Serenade	Nat King Cole
performer	Reanuedo (``'Reanuedo'') is a greatest hits and last album from Sin Bandera.	Reanuedo	Sin Bandera
performer	Cowboy Christmas III is the twenty-fifth album by American singer-songwriter Michael Martin Murphey and his third album of Christmas music.	Cowboy Christmas III	Michael Martin Murphey
performer	``Welcome to Funkadelica'' ``Nigger Entertainment'' ``Reservoir Dog'' ``Big Fat Bytches'' ``Ghettofunkstrylistic'' ``Hustler Life'' ``Gotta Hustle to Survive'' ``Date With Death'' ``If You See My Little Brother'' ``Schoolly-D Live'' ``Eternity''	Reservoir Dog	Schoolly-D
performer	Welcome to My Love is a 1968 studio album by Nancy Wilson, arranged by Oliver Nelson.	Welcome to My Love	Nancy Wilson
performer	From Here to Anywhere is the third studio album by Australian music collective Sneaky Sound System, released 7 October 2011.	From Here to Anywhere	Sneaky Sound System
performer	Cream of the Crap Vol. 1 is the first of two compilation albums by Swedish rock band The Hellacopters which contains rare singles, B-sides, EP selections, and other non-album tracks by the band.	Cream of the Crap Vol. 1	The Hellacopters
performer	Summer in Kingston is the tenth studio album released by Jamaican dancehall artist Shaggy.	Summer in Kingston	Shaggy
performer	The Path of Thorns (Terms) is a hit song by singer-songwriter Sarah McLachlan from her album, Solace.	The Path of Thorns (Terms)	Sarah McLachlan
performer	Aşklarım Büyük Benden is third studio album by the Turkish pop singer, Murat Boz.	Aşklarım Büyük Benden	Murat Boz
performer	Negative B is the second and last album by the Swedish band Sanctifica, released on Rivel Records in 2002.	Negative B	Sanctifica
performer	``Back Street Luv'' is a song by British rock band Curved Air, written by band members Ian Eyre, Sonja Kristina and Darryl Way.	Back Street Luv	Curved Air
performer	Shake Off the Demon (1971) was the fourth album released by Brewer & Shipley.	Shake Off the Demon	Brewer & Shipley
performer	End of Discussion is an album by Flint, Michigan punk rock band The Swellers.	End of Discussion	The Swellers
performer	``I'll Be on My Way'' is a song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, which was first released on 26 April 1963 by Billy J. Kramer with the Dakotas as the b-side of their single ``Do You Want to Know a Secret'', a song also written by Lennon--	I'll Be on My Way	Billy J. Kramer
performer	Friendly Green is the only album released by the alternative metal group Outface, most famous for being Sepultura vocalist Derrick Green's first published recording.	Friendly Green	Outface
performer	``Advice for the Young at Heart'' is a song by the British band Tears for Fears, taken from their 1989 album The Seeds of Love.	Advice for the Young at Heart	Tears for Fears
performer	A Simple Matter of Conviction is an album by jazz pianist Bill Evans, released in 1967 on Verve.	A Simple Matter of Conviction	Bill Evans
performer	Blaqkout (stylized as ``BlaQKout'') is a collaboration album by rapper/record producer DJ Quik and rapper Kurupt.	Blaqkout	DJ Quik
performer	Gore and Perversion is the first album by death metal band Desecration, released in its original version on Anoxic Records in 1995.	Gore and Perversion	Desecration
performer	All That We Needed is a 2005 album by the Plain White T's.	All That We Needed	Plain White T
performer	Fünf auf der nach oben offenen Richterskala (English: Five on the open-ended Richter Scale) is the fourth full length studio album from the German experimental rock band Einstürzende Neubauten and was released in 1987.	Fünf auf der nach oben offenen Richterskala	Einstürzende Neubauten
performer	Through Toledo is the second studio release by San Diego, California-based singer-songwriter Greg Laswell.	Through Toledo	Greg Laswell
performer	``Someone's Watching Over Me'' is a song recorded by American singer Hilary Duff for her self-titled third studio album (2004).	Someone's Watching Over Me	Hilary Duff
performer	``Eli's Comin' '' is a song written in 1967 by New York-born singer, songwriter, and pianist Laura Nyro.	Eli's Comin'	Laura Nyro
performer	Spirals in Hyperspace is an album by British band Ozric Tentacles.	Spirals in Hyperspace	Ozric Tentacles
performer	Tried and True is the fifth full length studio album released by Clay Aiken on June 1, 2010.	Tried and True	Clay Aiken
performer	A Deeper Silence (2008) is an album by the American ambient musician Steve Roach.	A Deeper Silence	Steve Roach
performer	The Avarice of Man is the third and last album by Australian death metal band The Red Shore, released on 3 September 2010.	The Avarice of Man	The Red Shore
performer	Sophisticated Lou is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Blue Note label featuring Donaldson with Joe Farrell, Paul Winter, Joe Venuto, Derek Smith, Jay Berliner, Richard Davis, Ron Carter, Grady Tate, and Omar Clay with a string section arranged by Wade Marcus.	Sophisticated Lou	Lou Donaldson
performer	On Fire! is the tenth studio album of the Christian rock band, Petra.	On Fire!	Petra
performer	Cowboy Poems Free is an album by progressive rock band Echolyn.	Cowboy Poems Free	Echolyn
performer	``Pushin' Too Hard'', originally titled ``(You're) Pushin' Too Hard'', is a song by American rock group The Seeds, written by vocalist Sky Saxon and produced by Saxon with Marcus Tybalt.	Pushin' Too Hard	The Seeds
performer	The Grey Album is a mashup album by Danger Mouse, released in 2004.	The Grey Album	Danger Mouse
performer	The Kings of the Beats 2 is an album by Luny Tunes showcasing many of their greatest beats to date.	The Kings of the Beats 2	Luny Tunes
performer	``Play Something Country'' is a song recorded by American country music duo Brooks & Dunn, co-written by Ronnie Dunn and Terry McBride.	Play Something Country	Brooks & Dunn
performer	``Can't Stand Losing You'' is a song by English rock band The Police, released from their debut album Outlandos d'Amour, both in 1978.	Can't Stand Losing You	The Police
performer	Higher Than the Eiffel is a 2010 album by the English electronic group Audio Bullys.	Higher Than the Eiffel	Audio Bullys
performer	``Ozark Mountain Jubilee'' is a song written by Scott Anders and Roger Murrah and recorded by American country music group The Oak Ridge Boys.	Ozark Mountain Jubilee	The Oak Ridge Boys
performer	``Cripple and the Starfish'' is a song written by Antony Hegarty and performed by Antony and the Johnsons, a Mercury Prize-winning music act from New York City.	Cripple and the Starfish	Antony and the Johnsons
performer	``Someday Never Comes'' is a song by Creedence Clearwater Revival from their album Mardi Gras released in 1972 and written by the frontman John Fogerty.	Someday Never Comes	Creedence Clearwater Revival
performer	``I've Got Mine'' was the second official song released by the English rock band Small Faces in 1965.	I've Got Mine	Small Faces
performer	Heartbeats and Brainwaves is the eighth album by Detroit rock band Electric Six.	Heartbeats and Brainwaves	Electric Six
performer	``The World Should Revolve Around Me'' is the debut single by US R&B duo Little Jackie.	The World Should Revolve Around Me	Little Jackie
performer	El Canta Autor Del Pueblo is the first studio album by Regional Mexican singer Espinoza Paz.	El Canta Autor Del Pueblo	Espinoza Paz
performer	Snowflakes Are Dancing is the second studio album by Japanese musician Isao Tomita, recorded in 1973-4 and first released as a Quadradisc in April of 1974.	Snowflakes Are Dancing	Isao Tomita
performer	Just Ballade is the ninth studio album by Japanese R&B singer Misia, released December 16, 2009.	Just Ballade	Misia
performer	12 de Janeiro (January 12th) is the first solo album released by Brazilian musician Nando Reis.	12 de Janeiro	Nando Reis
performer	Malae Artes is the third full-length studio album release from the Italian Gothic metal band Macbeth.	Malae Artes	Macbeth
performer	``Rattled by la Rush'' is a single/EP released by indie rock group Pavement in 1995.	Rattled by la Rush	Pavement
performer	Still Reportin'... is the fourth solo studio album by hip-hop artist Tragedy Khadafi.	Still Reportin'...	Tragedy Khadafi
performer	Lights of Distant Cities is the eighth and final studio album by Christian Contemporary-Folk-Pop-Rock musician Bebo Norman.	Lights of Distant Cities	Bebo Norman
performer	Failures for Gods is the third album by American death metal band Immolation.	Failures for Gods	Immolation
performer	``Männer sind Schweine'' (``Men are pigs'') is a pop/rock song by Die Ärzte.	Männer sind Schweine	Die Ärzte
performer	``Can't Fight the Moonlight'' is a Country pop song written by Diane Warren, recorded by country pop singer LeAnn Rimes and featured on the soundtrack of the film Coyote Ugly.	Can't Fight the Moonlight	LeAnn Rimes
performer	Viva el Príncipe (English: Long Live the Prince) is the thirteenth studio album by Mexican recording artist Cristian Castro, released on November 30, 2010 by Universal Music Latino.	Viva el Príncipe	Cristian Castro
performer	I've Failed You is the sixth studio album by heavy metal band Kittie.	I've Failed You	Kittie
performer	``Keep in Touch'' is the debut single and first song by British jazz-funk/dance band Freeez under the name ``Pink Rhythm''.	Keep in Touch	Freeez
performer	Own the Night is the third studio album by the American country music trio Lady Antebellum.	Own the Night	Lady Antebellum
performer	Down at the Khyber is the first album that Joel Plaskett recorded with his backing band The Emergency.	Down at the Khyber	Joel Plaskett
performer	Feind Hört Mit ((The) enemy listens in) is an album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer.	Feind Hört Mit	Stahlhammer
performer	``We Are the Winners'' was the 2006 entry into the Eurovision Song Contest for Lithuania, sung by Lithuanian all-star group LT United.	We Are the Winners	LT United
performer	Bliss Release is the debut album by Australian band Cloud Control.	Bliss Release	Cloud Control
performer	Verisäkeet (``Blood Verses'') is the fourth full-length album by Finnish metal band Moonsorrow.	Verisäkeet	Moonsorrow
performer	Across the Dark is the fourth full-length studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Insomnium.	Across the Dark	Insomnium
performer	``You Ain't Goin' Nowhere'' is a song written by Bob Dylan in 1967 in Woodstock, New York, during the self-imposed exile from public appearances that followed his July 29, 1966 motorcycle accident.	You Ain't Goin' Nowhere	Bob Dylan
performer	Seventh Truth is the fourth album released by the Azeri jazz artist Aziza Mustafa Zadeh.	Seventh Truth	Aziza Mustafa Zadeh
performer	Hvelreki is the sixth studio album of Ozark Henry, released in October 2010.	Hvelreki	Ozark Henry
performer	At the Edge of Time is the ninth studio album by the German heavy metal band Blind Guardian.	At the Edge of Time	Blind Guardian
performer	Leave Home is the second studio album by American punk rock band the Ramones.	Leave Home	Ramones
performer	The Baddest II is a compilation album of Japanese singer Toshinobu Kubota.	The Baddest II	Toshinobu Kubota
performer	As If by Ghosts is an album by shoegazing band Dreamend.	As If by Ghosts	Dreamend
performer	``Remember When (Push Rewind)'' is a song by American recording artist Chris Wallace, taken from his debut studio album, Push Rewind (2013).	Remember When (Push Rewind)	Chris Wallace
performer	``A Little Time'' is a song by The Beautiful South, and is the band's only single to reach number 1 in the UK Singles Chart.	A Little Time	The Beautiful South
performer	The Slaughter of Innocence, a Requiem for the Mighty is the debut full-length album by British band Hecate Enthroned.	The Slaughter of Innocence, a Requiem for the Mighty	Hecate Enthroned
performer	``Fast as a Shark'' is a song and single by German heavy metal band Accept from their 1982 album Restless and Wild.	Fast as a Shark	Accept
performer	Un ángel (Spanish: An angel) is the second studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz.	Un ángel	Pablo Ruiz
performer	``Not Ready to Make Nice'' is a song co-written and performed by American country music band Dixie Chicks.	Not Ready to Make Nice	Dixie Chicks
performer	``You Sang to Me'' is a 2000 hit song by Marc Anthony, and was released as the third single of his first English language album Marc Anthony.	You Sang to Me	Marc Anthony
performer	``Behind the Wheel'' is Depeche Mode's twentieth UK single, released on 28 December 1987, and the third single for the album Music for the Masses.	Behind the Wheel	Depeche Mode
performer	City Fallen Leaves is the fifth album by British indie pop band Comet Gain.	City Fallen Leaves	Comet Gain
performer	``Diggin' on You'' is a song by American R&B girl group TLC, taken from their second studio album, CrazySexyCool (1994).	Diggin' on You	TLC
performer	The Spin (1989) is the seventh studio album from the jazz group Yellowjackets, and their fourth and final release for the MCA label.	The Spin	Yellowjackets
performer	``I Need Air'' is the debut single by British electronic music project Magnetic Man released from their debut album Magnetic Man.	I Need Air	Magnetic Man
performer	Velociraptor! is the fourth studio album by English rock band Kasabian, released on 16 September 2011.	Velociraptor!	Kasabian
performer	I'd Like a Virgin is the third album from Richard Cheese, released April 20, 2004.	I'd Like a Virgin	Richard Cheese
performer	Lost Pearls is a collection of out-takes recorded by the rock band Wishbone Ash between 1978 and 1982, released in 2004.	Lost Pearls	Wishbone Ash
performer	Have I Offended Someone? is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa, and was posthumously released in 1997.	Have I Offended Someone?	Frank Zappa
performer	Expletive Delighted! is a 1986 album by folk rock band Fairport Convention.	Expletive Delighted!	Fairport Convention
performer	Walking Down is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1956 and released on the Prestige label.	Walking Down	Bennie Green
performer	``Hit That'' is a pop punk song released by the American punk rock band The Offspring.	Hit That	The Offspring
performer	Here's to Special Treatment is the second album (cassette) of Conor Oberst.	Here's to Special Treatment	Conor Oberst
performer	The Piano Artistry of Jonathan Edwards is a 1957 album of songs by Paul Weston and Jo Stafford in the guise of Jonathan and Darlene Edwards, a New Jersey lounge act who deliberately play the piano and sing off-key, putting their own interpretation on popular songs.	The Piano Artistry of Jonathan Edwards	Jo Stafford
performer	How to Measure a Planet? is fifth studio album by the Dutch alternative rock band The Gathering.	How to Measure a Planet?	The Gathering
performer	``After the World'' is a song by Christian hard rock band Disciple from their 2006 album Scars Remain.	After the World	Disciple
performer	Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma (or simply, Infinite Rider) is Michael Nesmith's ninth post-Monkees studio album and the third studio album from his own company, Pacific Arts Records & Tapes.	Infinite Rider on the Big Dogma	Michael Nesmith
performer	Where Is My Castle is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist, Connie Smith.	Where Is My Castle	Connie Smith
performer	``Schrei nach Liebe'' (``Scream for love'') is a punk song by Die Ärzte.	Schrei nach Liebe	Die Ärzte
performer	Beautiful Friction is the tenth studio album by British New Wave band The Fixx, released on July 17, 2012.	Beautiful Friction	The Fixx
performer	This and of That is the fourth album by the American alternative rock band Chronic Future.	This and of That	Chronic Future
performer	Industrial Zen is an album by John McLaughlin, released in 2006 through the record label C&B Media.	Industrial Zen	John McLaughlin
performer	``Doe Boy Fresh'' is a song by rap group Three 6 Mafia, originally the first single from their ninth studio album, Last 2 Walk, but was ultimately cut from the album.	Doe Boy Fresh	Three 6 Mafia
performer	``(Lay Your Head on My) Pillow'' is a song by American R&B group Tony! Toni! Toné!.	(Lay Your Head on My) Pillow	Tony! Toni! Toné
performer	Spider Smile is the seventh full-length release by Tarwater, an electronic music group from Berlin, Germany.	Spider Smile	Tarwater
performer	Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday is the fourth and final album of the band Bamboo.	Tomorrow Becomes Yesterday	Bamboo
performer	``Chi (Who)'' is a 2008 Italian language debut single by Aram Quartet an Italian group of artists who won the first season of Italian series of The X Factor in 2008.	Chi (Who)	Aram Quartet
performer	Pressure Cookin' is the third album by American singing trio Labelle, released in August 1973.	Pressure Cookin'	Labelle
performer	You Didn't Like It Because You Didn't Think of It is an album by British pop group Hotlegs.	You Didn't Like It Because You Didn't Think of It	Hotlegs
performer	Il nostro caro angelo (Our dear angel) is an album by the Italian singer and songwriter Lucio Battisti.	Il nostro caro angelo	Lucio Battisti
performer	Take It from the Man! is the third studio album by American psychedelic rock band The Brian Jonestown Massacre, released on May 28, 1996.	Take It from the Man!	The Brian Jonestown Massacre
performer	``Everything She Wants'' is a million-selling Gold-certified hit by British pop duo Wham!, originally released in 1984 on Epic Records on a double A-side with ``Last Christmas''.	Everything She Wants	Wham
performer	I Missed Us is the fourth studio album by American R&B group SWV released on April 17, 2012.	I Missed Us	SWV
performer	``Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)'' was a UK #1 single in August 1975 for three weeks by The Stylistics.	Can't Give You Anything (But My Love)	The Stylistics
performer	How to Make Friends is the debut album by the Icelandic band FM Belfast, released in 2008.	How to Make Friends	FM Belfast
performer	``It's Amazing'' is the first single released by Jem from her second album Down to Earth.	It's Amazing	Jem
performer	Lollapaloozers is a comedy album by The Bob & Tom Show, which was first released in December 1993.	Lollapaloozers	The Bob & Tom Show
performer	Heal Me is the seventh studio album by New Zealand dub band Salmonella Dub.	Heal Me	Salmonella Dub
performer	Fuckin' A is the eighth and final full-length album by the grindcore band Anal Cunt.	Fuckin' A	Anal Cunt
performer	Levolution is the second studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel, and the first American released album.	Levolution	Juke Kartel
performer	``Te Perdiste Mi Amor'' (``You lost my love'') is a Latin pop-bachata song recorded by Mexican recording artist Thalía featuring American singer-songwriter Prince Royce, and included in her eleventh studio album Habítame Siempre.	Te Perdiste Mi Amor	Thalía	Prince Royce
performer	Standing Hampton is Sammy Hagar's sixth solo album, his first after moving from Capitol Records to Geffen.	Standing Hampton	Sammy Hagar
performer	Out of Nothing is the fourth studio album by English rock band Embrace.	Out of Nothing	Embrace
performer	Nig-Latin is the debut studio album by rapper Mistah F.A.B., released on March 11, 2003.	Nig-Latin	Mistah F.A.B.
performer	``I Predict a Riot'' is a song by Kaiser Chiefs, appearing on their debut album Employment.	I Predict a Riot	Kaiser Chiefs
performer	``King Kong Song'' (originally ``Mr. Sex''), written and composed by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus, is the name of a 1974 recording by Swedish pop group ABBA, included on their album Waterloo.	King Kong Song	ABBA
performer	Necesito tus besos (Spanish: I need your kiss) is the tenth studio album by Argentine singer Pablo Ruiz.	Necesito tus besos	Pablo Ruiz
performer	``Odessa (City on the Black Sea)'' is a song by the English rock band the Bee Gees, written by Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb in 1968 and released in early 1969.	Odessa (City on the Black Sea)	Bee Gees
performer	In Ghost Colours is the second studio album by the Australian band Cut Copy.	In Ghost Colours	Cut Copy
performer	``Like It's Her Birthday'' is a song by American rock band Good Charlotte from their fifth studio album, Cardiology (2010).	Like It's Her Birthday	Good Charlotte
performer	Love and Its Opposite is the third solo album by former Everything but the Girl singer Tracey Thorn, released on 17 May 2010.	Love and Its Opposite	Tracey Thorn
performer	``The Motown Song'' is a song performed by Rod Stewart and featuring The Temptations.	The Motown Song	Rod Stewart	The Temptations
performer	This Is Where I Came In is the 22nd and final studio album released by the English band the Bee Gees.	This Is Where I Came In	Bee Gees
performer	Niles Littlebig is an album by Randy Weston's African Rhythms recorded in 1969 in Paris and originally released on the French Polydor label.	Niles Littlebig	Randy Weston
performer	We'd Like to Teach the World to Sing is the name given to two albums by UK pop group The New Seekers.	We'd Like to Teach the World to Sing	The New Seekers
performer	``Sueños Rotos'' (Broken Dreams) is La 5ª Estación's third single released from their third studio album, El mundo se equivoca.	Sueños Rotos	La 5ª Estación
performer	Saints of Los Angeles is the ninth and final studio album by the American glam metal band Mötley Crüe, released on June 24, 2008.	Saints of Los Angeles	Mötley Crüe
performer	``I Found U'' is a single by Swedish DJ Axwell featuring Max'C.	I Found U	Axwell
performer	Bach to the Blues is an album performed by the Ramsey Lewis Trio that was recorded in 1964 and released on the Argo label.	Bach to the Blues	Ramsey Lewis
performer	One Sided Story was the second album by Canadian college rock band The Pursuit of Happiness, released in 1990.	One Sided Story	The Pursuit of Happiness
performer	``Heartbeat Slowing Down'' is a song by American rock band The All-American Rejects, released as the third and final single from their fourth studio album Kids in the Street on October 15, 2012.	Heartbeat Slowing Down	The All-American Rejects
performer	Dream Days at the Hotel Existence is the sixth studio album by Australian rock band Powderfinger, released by Universal Music on 2 June 2007 in Australia, 19 November 2007 in the United Kingdom, and 11 November 2008 in the United States on the Dew Process label.	Dream Days at the Hotel Existence	Powderfinger
performer	Anywhere Out of the Everything is the second album from American alternative hip hop producer Telephone Jim Jesus.	Anywhere Out of the Everything	Telephone Jim Jesus
performer	The Far East Suite is an album by Duke Ellington and his orchestra, recorded in New York City on 19 December to 21 December 1966.	The Far East Suite	Duke Ellington
performer	``Wandering Eye'' is a single released from the band Fat Freddy's Drop in 2005.	Wandering Eye	Fat Freddy's Drop
performer	Tur kaut kam ir jābūt is an album from the Latvian band Brainstorm.	Tur kaut kam ir jābūt	Brainstorm
performer	``Start Me Up'' is a song by The Rolling Stones featured on the 1981 album Tattoo You.	Start Me Up	The Rolling Stones
performer	Songs from the 86 Tram is the third full-length album by the ARIA-nominated Australian musical comedian The Bedroom Philosopher, the performing persona of Justin Heazlewood.	Songs from the 86 Tram	The Bedroom Philosopher
performer	Bad Mother Trucker is an album by American punk rock band Ten Foot Pole.	Bad Mother Trucker	Ten Foot Pole
performer	The Dust of Years is the third studio album by the British metal band Seventh Angel, released 24 June 2009.	The Dust of Years	Seventh Angel
performer	``Unknown Caller'' is a song by Irish rock band U2 and the fourth track on their 2009 album No Line on the Horizon.	Unknown Caller	U2
performer	Moja bogda sna is the first solo album of the Bosnian singer Dino Merlin, after five Merlin band albums.	Moja bogda sna	Dino Merlin
performer	You Follow Me is a collaborative studio album between American singer-songwriter Nina Nastasia and Australian drummer Jim White.	You Follow Me	Nina Nastasia
performer	``Can I Sit Next to You, Girl'' is the debut single by Australian hard rock band AC/DC issued on 22 July 1974.	Can I Sit Next to You, Girl	AC/DC
performer	``Color Esperanza'' (approximately in English: The ``Hope'' Color) is the lead single from Diego Torres's fifth studio album Un Mundo Diferente.	Color Esperanza	Diego Torres
performer	Začarani krug (English: The Magic Circle) is the sixteenth studio album by pop-folk singer Lepa Brena.	Začarani krug	Lepa Brena
performer	``I'd Like To'' is the fourth single, released from English soul singer Corinne Bailey Rae's debut album, Corinne Bailey Rae.	I'd Like To	Corinne Bailey Rae
performer	``You're Not Sorry'' is a country rock song performed by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.	You're Not Sorry	Taylor Swift
performer	Enregistreur is an album by Montreal based band Exhaust.	Enregistreur	Exhaust
performer	Tengo Tanto is an album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Manny Manuel.	Tengo Tanto	Manny Manuel
performer	All Hope Is Gone is the fourth studio album by the American heavy metal band Slipknot.	All Hope Is Gone	Slipknot
performer	Your Piece of the Rock is the debut album by the Los Angeles, California-based R&B group Dynasty (band).	Your Piece of the Rock	Dynasty
performer	Different Things is the ninth studio album by American country music artist Tracy Byrd.	Different Things	Tracy Byrd
performer	``Came Back Haunted'' is a single by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails, from their eighth studio album, Hesitation Marks.	Came Back Haunted	Nine Inch Nails
performer	Viva Last Blues is an album by Palace Music, featuring Will Oldham on vocals and guitar.	Viva Last Blues	Will Oldham
performer	Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted is a 1977 reunion album from The Animals, billed here as The Original Animals.	Before We Were So Rudely Interrupted	The Animals
performer	Walking Among the Living is the fourth studio album released by American country music singer Jon Randall.	Walking Among the Living	Jon Randall
performer	Even If and Especially When is the second full-length album by the Seattle band Screaming Trees released in 1987.	Even If and Especially When	Screaming Trees
performer	``Goddess on a Hiway'' is the first single from Mercury Rev's fourth studio album, Deserter's Songs.	Goddess on a Hiway	Mercury Rev
performer	Fanfare for the Comic Muse is the 1990 debut album by The Divine Comedy.	Fanfare for the Comic Muse	The Divine Comedy
performer	``The Way That I Love You'' is a song recorded by American recording artist Ashanti, for her fourth studio album The Declaration (2008).	The Way That I Love You	Ashanti
performer	Love Byrd is a 1981 album by Donald Byrd and 125th St, NYC, produced by Isaac Hayes and released on the Elektra label.	Love Byrd	Donald Byrd
performer	``Leave Me Alone (Ruby Red Dress)'' was a million-selling, Gold-certified hit single for Helen Reddy in 1973 .	Leave Me Alone (Ruby Red Dress)	Helen Reddy
performer	Another Wasted Night was the first full-length album from Boston, Massachusetts hardcore punk/speed metal band, Gang Green.	Another Wasted Night	Gang Green
performer	``It's a Summer Thang'' is the title of a Rap/R&B single by M-Doc featuring Chantay Savage, and Stevio from the 1995 album ``M. Doc Wit Stevio:	It's a Summer Thang	M-Doc	Chantay Savage
performer	Matataku Hoshi no Shita de (瞬く星の下で English: Under the twinkling stars) is the thirthy-seventh single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Matataku Hoshi no Shita de	Porno Graffitti
performer	Meeting Love (Chinese: 遇上愛; pinyin: Yu Shang Ai), is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Rainie Yang's (Chinese: 楊丞琳) second Mandarin studio album.	Meeting Love	Rainie Yang
performer	Give 'Em More Rope is the second album from Ghoultown, released in 2002 on Angry Planet Records.	Give 'Em More Rope	Ghoultown
performer	``Focker'' is a song by UK band Late of the Pier, released on May 19, 2008 as a double a-side with Space And The Woods.	Focker	Late of the Pier
performer	``You Wear It Well'' is a song written by Rod Stewart and Martin Quittenton, performed by Stewart.	You Wear It Well	Rod Stewart
performer	Nasty Nasty is the third studio album by the American glam metal band Black 'n Blue.	Nasty Nasty	Black 'n Blue
performer	Every Tuesday Sometimes Sunday is the name of the 1999 album by Australian singer/songwriter Bernie Hayes.	Every Tuesday Sometimes Sunday	Bernie Hayes
performer	Not So Far Away is the third studio album by American alternative rock band Wideawake, released in 2005.	Not So Far Away	Wideawake
performer	Auf Ewig is a 2007 ``best of'' album by Joachim Witt.	Auf Ewig	Joachim Witt
performer	Operator (A Girl Like Me) is a song by Canadian pop/rock singer Shiloh.	Operator (A Girl Like Me)	Shiloh
performer	``She's Got It All'' is a song recorded by American country music artist Kenny Chesney that reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.	She's Got It All	Kenny Chesney
performer	Fredhead is the fourth album by British pop group Right Said Fred.	Fredhead	Right Said Fred
performer	Built on Squares is the second album by the indie pop band Starlight Mints.	Built on Squares	Starlight Mints
performer	Supergott is the second album by Swedish music group Caramell.	Supergott	Caramell
performer	Brand Spankin' New is an album by American keyboardist and composer Wayne Horvitz' band Zony Mash recorded in 1998 and released on the independent Knitting Factory label.	Brand Spankin' New	Wayne Horvitz
performer	Unavenged is a 2011 album by Random Encounter (band) consisting of 17 songs, contemporary rock arrangements of the music from various video game soundtracks.	Unavenged	Random Encounter
performer	``Made Me Hard'' is the third and last single to be released by The Whitlams from their fourth album, Love This City.	Made Me Hard	The Whitlams
performer	The Broadway Concert is a critically acclaimed live recording of a Broadway-themed concert given by Lea Salonga in Manila.	The Broadway Concert	Lea Salonga
performer	Me Está Gustando is the second album of Puerto Rican singer Ednita Nazario.	Me Está Gustando	Ednita Nazario
performer	``Fuckin' Perfect'' (stylized ``Perfect'' on the clean version, and as ``F**kin' Perfect'' on the main cover) is a song by American recording artist Pink, taken from her first greatest hits album Greatest Hits...	Fuckin' Perfect	Pink
performer	Pandelirium is an LP released by Th' Legendary Shack Shakers on February 7, 2006.	Pandelirium	Legendary Shack Shakers
performer	``Crying Lightning'' is a song by the English indie rock band Arctic Monkeys, released as the first single from their third album Humbug.	Crying Lightning	Arctic Monkeys
performer	Pre-Release is the third EP by Motograter, released around 2009.	Pre-Release	Motograter
performer	``Whatcha Gonna Do About It'' is the debut single released by the English rock group Small Faces, released in the UK on 6 August 1965.	Whatcha Gonna Do About It	Small Faces
performer	Rejoicing in the Hands (full title Rejoicing in the Hands of the Golden Empress) is the third studio album from psych folk musician Devendra Banhart and the second full release for the label Young God.	Rejoicing in the Hands	Devendra Banhart
performer	Space Under Sun is the second album by American singer, Ari Gold.	Space Under Sun	Ari Gold
performer	Nothing Less is an album by Krezip that debuted at #1 in both the Netherlands and Belgium.	Nothing Less	Krezip
performer	Head Injuries is the second studio album by Australian pub rockers, Midnight Oil, which was released in October 1979 on their own Powderworks label and distributed by Columbia Records.	Head Injuries	Midnight Oil
performer	No Silence is the fifth studio album released by German DJ and producer, ATB.	No Silence	ATB
performer	Ball of Design is an album by Dufus, released October 26, 2004.	Ball of Design	Dufus
performer	231045-0637 is a rock album released in 1979 by Kim Larsen, a Danish rock musician.	231045-0637	Kim Larsen
performer	``Feelin' Single'' is the second single by American R&B/Soul singer-songwriter-producer R. Kelly from his eleventh studio album Write Me Back.	Feelin' Single	R. Kelly
performer	Motor Booty Affair is an album by funk band Parliament.	Motor Booty Affair	Parliament
performer	How to Become Clairvoyant is the fifth solo release from Robbie Robertson.	How to Become Clairvoyant	Robbie Robertson
performer	9 to 5 and Odd Jobs is the 23rd solo studio album by Dolly Parton, and was released in late 1980.	9 to 5 and Odd Jobs	Dolly Parton
performer	Elaborations is jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe's fifth album for the Columbia label recorded in New York City in 1982.	Elaborations	Arthur Blythe
performer	This Is the Moment! (subtitled Kenny Dorham Sings and Plays) is an album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the Riverside label.	This Is the Moment!	Kenny Dorham
performer	``Green Lights'' is a song by American rapper and singer Aloe Blacc, with music and lyrics by Jeffrey Scott Silverman, Leon Marcus Michels, Nicholas Anthony Movshon, E. Nathaniel Dawkins and produced by Leon Michels and Jeff Dynamite.	Green Lights	Aloe Blacc
performer	The Intimacy of the Blues is a studio album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1967 and 1970, and released on the Fantasy label in 1986.	The Intimacy of the Blues	Duke Ellington
performer	Way Down Here is the fourth album by Canadian alternative country group Cuff the Duke, released September 8, 2009 on Noble Recordings in Canada and Ernest Jenning Record Co. in the US.	Way Down Here	Cuff the Duke
performer	In Space is the fourth studio album by the American rock group Big Star, released in 2005.	In Space	Big Star
performer	``Brooklyn Zoo'' is the debut single by American hip-hop artist Ol' Dirty Bastard from the album, Return to the 36 Chambers:	Brooklyn Zoo	Ol' Dirty Bastard
performer	``Hard Habit to Break'' is a song written by Steve Kipner and John Lewis Parker produced and arranged by David Foster and recorded by the group Chicago for their 1984 album Chicago 17, with Bill Champlin and Peter Cetera sharing lead vocals.	Hard Habit to Break	Chicago
performer	Mail Order Magic is the second solo album by singer Roger Chapman and his then band The Shortlist, released in 1980.	Mail Order Magic	Roger Chapman
performer	Transfiguration of Vincent, released in 2003, is the third studio album by singer-songwriter M. Ward.	Transfiguration of Vincent	M. Ward
performer	Zonked! is the third studio album by Dee Dee Ramone released in 1997 on Other Peoples Music.	Zonked!	Dee Dee Ramone
performer	Infrared Roses is a live compilation album by the Grateful Dead.	Infrared Roses	Grateful Dead
performer	Standin' On the Never Never was the first release by Danish rock band D-A-D, then known as Disneyland After Dark.	Standin' On the Never Never	D-A-D
performer	``Take It EZ'' is the debut single by Chicago rapper Common from his debut album Can I Borrow a Dollar?.	Take It EZ	Common
performer	``Da' Dip'' is a song written and recorded by American hip-hop artist Freak Nasty.	Da' Dip	Freak Nasty
performer	La Calle de las Sirenas was Kabah's second album and the band's most successful material.	La Calle de las Sirenas	Kabah
performer	Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2) is The Rolling Stones' second official compilation album, released in 1969 shortly following Brian Jones's departure from the group and subsequent death.	Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol. 2)	The Rolling Stones
performer	``Don't You'' is a song written by Otha Young and Johnny Pierce, and recorded by American country music group The Forester Sisters.	Don't You	The Forester Sisters
performer	No End of Love is a bluegrass album by American musician John Hartford, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).	No End of Love	John Hartford
performer	The Main Monkey Business is an instrumental from Rush's 2007 album Snakes & Arrows.	The Main Monkey Business	Rush
performer	Kokaiinum is the fourth studio album by Danish death metal band Illdisposed.	Kokaiinum	Illdisposed
performer	Parallels of Infinite Torture is the fourth studio album by American death metal band Disgorge.	Parallels of Infinite Torture	Disgorge
performer	Procurado is the second album from Brazilian blues/rock band O Bando do Velho Jack, and was released in 1999.	Procurado	O Bando do Velho Jack
performer	The Hall of the Olden Dreams is the second full-length album released by Spanish power metal band Dark Moor.	The Hall of the Olden Dreams	Dark Moor
performer	``Cross My Mind'' was a single released in 2005 by American R&B/soul singer/songwriter Jill Scott and from her second album, Beautifully Human:	Cross My Mind	Jill Scott
performer	Diamonds in the Dirt is the second album by British blues artist Joanne Shaw Taylor.	Diamonds in the Dirt	Joanne Shaw Taylor
performer	You, Baby is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley released on the CTI label featuring performances by Adderley with Jerome Richardson, Joe Zawinul, Ron Carter, and Grady Tate and an orchestra arranged and conducted by Bill Fischer.	You, Baby	Nat Adderley
performer	Show It Off is a 2010 music album by British Indian singer Amar.	Show It Off	Amar
performer	Every Moss and Cobweb is the third album of the Filipino band Typecast.	Every Moss and Cobweb	Typecast
performer	``Stay in the Middle'' is a pop ballad by Hill featuring Samantha Mumba.	Stay in the Middle	Samantha Mumba
performer	I'm One of You is an album by American country music singer and songwriter Hank Williams, Jr. This album was released on November 18, 2003 on the Curb Records label.	I'm One of You	Hank Williams, Jr.
performer	Red Dirt Girl is an Emmylou Harris album from 2000, which reached #3 on the Billboard country album charts and won the Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Folk Album in 2001.	Red Dirt Girl	Emmylou Harris
performer	Mona Lisa & Others is an album released in 1981 by Australian Rock & Roll singer Barry Stanton.	Mona Lisa & Others	Barry Stanton
performer	``Stoopid!'' (stylized as Stoopid¡) is a 2011 song by the singer CeCe Peniston.	Stoopid!	CeCe Peniston
performer	Return to Fantasy is the eighth studio album released by British rock band Uriah Heep, the first with John Wetton as the new bassist.	Return to Fantasy	Uriah Heep
performer	Wild Gals A Go-Go is an album by Acid Mothers Temple & The Melting Paraiso U.F.O., self released in 1999.	Wild Gals A Go-Go	Acid Mothers Temple
performer	Psychogrotesque is the fifth studio album by the Italian/Norwegian industrial black metal band Aborym.	Psychogrotesque	Aborym
performer	Rise of the Imperial Hordes is the first studio album by black metal band Krieg.	Rise of the Imperial Hordes	Krieg
performer	``One Step Forward'' is a song written by Chris Hillman and Bill Wildes, and recorded by American country rock group The Desert Rose Band.	One Step Forward	The Desert Rose Band
performer	Gonna Ball is the second album from the rockabilly band Stray Cats.	Gonna Ball	Stray Cats
performer	``Burn Down the Mission'' is the tenth and final song on Elton John's album Tumbleweed Connection, released in 1970.	Burn Down the Mission	Elton John
performer	Introspective is the third studio album by the English synthpop duo Pet Shop Boys.	Introspective	Pet Shop Boys
performer	No Cure for Cancer is one of Denis Leary's standup routines from the early 1990s.	No Cure for Cancer	Denis Leary
performer	Gloryhallastoopid (Or Pin the Tale on the Funky) is a 1979 album by the funk ensemble Parliament.	Gloryhallastoopid	Parliament
performer	Baby, the Stars Shine Bright is the third album by Everything but the Girl, released in 1986.	Baby, the Stars Shine Bright	Everything but the Girl
performer	``ADD SUV'' is a song by the electronic artist Uffie.	ADD SUV	Uffie
performer	Re-Animated Dead Flesh is the fifth full-length studio album by Mortician.	Re-Animated Dead Flesh	Mortician
performer	The Blackpool Letters is the second studio album by the American singer/songwriter Scott Liss and the first recorded with his band the Sixty-Six.	The Blackpool Letters	Scott Liss
performer	Trozos de Mi Alma (Eng.: ``Pieces of My Soul'') is the third studio album released by Marco Antonio Solís on January 26, 1999.	Trozos de Mi Alma	Marco Antonio Solís
performer	True Obsessions is the fourth studio album by guitarist Marty Friedman, released on April 17, 1996 through Toshiba EMI (Japan) and October 8, 1996 through Shrapnel Records (United States).	True Obsessions	Marty Friedman
performer	These Cities, Our Graves is the first full length album released by the New Zealand Metalcore band Antagonist A.D..	These Cities, Our Graves	Antagonist A.D.
performer	The Remote Part is the third album by Scottish rock band Idlewild, released on 15 July 2002.	The Remote Part	Idlewild
performer	DAAS Icon (also known as Icon) is the first and to date only studio album recorded and released by Australian comedy trio, the Doug Anthony All Stars.	DAAS Icon	Doug Anthony All Stars
performer	Habemus Capa is the third studio album by the Italian rapper Caparezza, released on May 24, 2006.	Habemus Capa	Caparezza
performer	The remix, known as ``Not Tonight (Ladies Night Remix)'' (1997) was released as a single and was performed by Lil' Kim, Da Brat, Missy Elliott, Angie Martinez and Lisa ``Left Eye'' Lopes`` and was featured on the Nothing to Lose soundtrack.	Not Tonight	Missy Elliott
performer	Love & Understanding is the seventh studio album by the funk band Kool and the Gang, released in 1976.	Love & Understanding	Kool and the Gang
performer	``Nothing Broken but My Heart'' is a song from Celine Dion's eponymous album.	Nothing Broken but My Heart	Celine Dion
performer	Ecliptica is the first full-length album by the power metal band Sonata Arctica.	Ecliptica	Sonata Arctica
performer	Fernando Sucre, played by Amaury Nolasco, is a fictional character from the American television series, Prison Break.	Fernando Sucre	Amaury Nolasco
performer	Receiving Transmission is the second and final album released by Australian punk rock band One Dollar Short in 2004.	Receiving Transmission	One Dollar Short
performer	Bra vibrationer (English: Good Vibrations) is a 1985 studio album from Swedish country and pop singer Kikki Danielsson.	Bra vibrationer	Kikki Danielsson
performer	Even So was the seventh studio album by Japanese singer-songwriter Bonnie Pink, released on the Warner Music Japan label on May 12, 2004.	Even So	Bonnie Pink
performer	``Liquid Lives'' is the second single by British band Hadouken!.	Liquid Lives	Hadouken
performer	Malikat Jamal Al Kawn (MJK; English: ``Miss Universe'') is an Arabic Music album by Haifa Wehbe, released on May 8, 2012.	Malikat Jamal Al Kawn	Haifa Wehbe
performer	Reachin', released in 2002, is the first studio album from the jam band Family Groove Company.	Reachin'	Family Groove Company
performer	``Shake a Tail Feather'' (Otha Hayes, Verlie Rice, and Andre Williams) is a song originally recorded in 1963 by the Chicago-based group The Five Du-Tones.	Shake a Tail Feather	The Five Du-Tones
performer	So Dark You See is a 2009 studio album by folk singer-songwriter John Gorka.	So Dark You See	John Gorka
performer	``Cruisin' the Streets'' is a disco song released in 1981 by the Boys Town Gang.	Cruisin' the Streets	Boys Town Gang
performer	Death and Progress is the fourth studio album released by the British heavy metal band Diamond Head in 1993, through Castle Music Ltd. This was Diamond Head's first album since Canterbury, released 10 years earlier.	Death and Progress	Diamond Head
performer	``Luv U Better'' is a song by LL Cool J, released as the lead single from his ninth studio album, 10 (2002).	Luv U Better	LL Cool J
performer	``I'm So Tired'' is a song by the Beatles from their double-disc album The Beatles (also known as The White Album).	I'm So Tired	The Beatles
performer	The Pick of Destiny is the second album by American comedy rock band Tenacious D, the soundtrack for their film of the same name.	The Pick of Destiny	Tenacious D
performer	A Genuine Tong Funeral is an album by vibraphonist Gary Burton featuring compositions by Carla Bley recorded in 1967 and released on the RCA label.	A Genuine Tong Funeral	Gary Burton
performer	On Land and in the Sea is the fifth studio album by the English rock band Cardiacs.	On Land and in the Sea	Cardiacs
performer	Jabr-e Joghrafiyaei (Persian: جبر جغرافیایی) is the second official studio album by the Iranian singer-songwriter Mohsen Namjoo after Toranj.	Jabr-e Joghrafiyaei	Mohsen Namjoo
performer	``True Devotion'' is a pop ballad, song performed by British singer Samantha Fox and written by Lol Mason and Mark Shreeve.	True Devotion	Samantha Fox
performer	``You and I Tonight'' is the third single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive's Juno-nominated second album, Can't Keep a Secret.	You and I Tonight	Faber Drive
performer	Lay Your Burden Down is a studio album by Buckwheat Zydeco, released in 2009 through Alligator Records.	Lay Your Burden Down	Buckwheat Zydeco
performer	Angelbite is the fifth studio album by Dutch rock and roll band Claw Boys Claw.	Angelbite	Claw Boys Claw
performer	``You Sound Like Louis Burdett'' is the lead single by The Whitlams from their 3rd album, Eternal Nightcap.	You Sound Like Louis Burdett	The Whitlams
performer	Truthdare Doubledare is the second album (released in 1986 on MCA Records) by the British dance band Bronski Beat, and their first album to feature John Foster as vocalist.	Truthdare Doubledare	Bronski Beat
performer	Dirt Farmer is an album by American musician Levon Helm, former drummer for the Band.	Dirt Farmer	Levon Helm
performer	Forever Since Breakfast is the debut Guided by Voices record, released on vinyl in 1986.	Forever Since Breakfast	Guided by Voices
performer	Honky's Ladder is an extended play single by the band The Afghan Whigs.	Honky's Ladder	The Afghan Whigs
performer	Different Slanguages is the sixth album by rapper Messy Marv aka MessCalen.	Different Slanguages	Messy Marv
performer	Amor a la Mexicana (English: Mexican-style love) is the fifth studio album by Mexican singer Thalía.	Amor a la Mexicana	Thalía
performer	Only Inhuman is the second studio album by Swedish melodic death metal band Sonic Syndicate.	Only Inhuman	Sonic Syndicate
performer	Sound Venture is a jazz album recorded by Georgie Fame and the Harry South Big Band in 1966.	Sound Venture	Georgie Fame
performer	``Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere'' was a single released by The Who in 1965.	Anyway, Anyhow, Anywhere	The Who
performer	``夜にはぐれて (Where Were You Last Night)'' (aka ``Yoru ni Hagurete (Where Were You Last Night)'') was Wink's eighth single.	Where Were You Last Night	Wink
performer	Nasty Little Thoughts is the third studio album from the alternative rock band, Stroke 9.	Nasty Little Thoughts	Stroke 9
performer	``The Flying Lip Lock'' is a live single by Ted Nugent from his second live album Intensities in 10 Cities.	The Flying Lip Lock	Ted Nugent
performer	When Dream and Day Unite is the debut studio album by American progressive metal/progressive rock band Dream Theater, released in 1989 through Mechanic/MCA Records.	When Dream and Day Unite	Dream Theater
performer	Soundin' Off is an album by Jamaican-born jazz trumpeter Dizzy Reece.	Soundin' Off	Dizzy Reece
performer	Warren Mears is a fictional character that is portrayed by Adam Busch in the American television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer.	Warren Mears	Adam Busch
performer	``Ando Bien Pedo'' (Mexican Slang for ``I'm Very Drunk'') is a song performed by Mexican group Banda Los Recoditos.	Ando Bien Pedo	Banda Los Recoditos
performer	LeftRightLeftRightLeft is a live album by British alternative rock band Coldplay, released at 9:00 am GMT on 15 May 2009.	LeftRightLeftRightLeft	Coldplay
performer	Olivia's Greatest Hits Vol. 2 is the second hits collection from English-born, Australian pop singer Olivia Newton-John released in September 1982.	Olivia's Greatest Hits Vol. 2	Olivia Newton-John
performer	``777 (We Can Sing a Song!)'' (stylized ``777 ～We can sing a song!～'') is a song by Japanese pop group AAA.	777 (We Can Sing a Song!)	AAA
performer	Nogatco Rd. is the eighth album by Kool Keith, the first under the alter-ego Mr. Nogatco.	Nogatco Rd.	Kool Keith
performer	When It Was Done is an album by Brazilian keyboardist Walter Wanderley featuring performances recorded in 1968 and released on the CTI label.	When It Was Done	Walter Wanderley
performer	``Word on a Wing'' is a song written and recorded by David Bowie in 1975 for the Station to Station album, where it appears as the closing track of the LP's first side.	Word on a Wing	David Bowie
performer	Banking, Violence and the Inner Life Today was the third and final album by the band McCarthy.	Banking, Violence and the Inner Life Today	McCarthy
performer	Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf was a 2005 album that combined the orchestral composition Peter and the Wolf by Sergei Prokofiev with a 2002 composition, Wolf Tracks, which had its score written by French composer Jean-Pascal Beintus and text written by Walt Kraemer.	Wolf Tracks and Peter and the Wolf	Jean-Pascal Beintus
performer	Music Complete is the tenth studio album by English rock band New Order.	Music Complete	New Order
performer	Umanamente uomo: il sogno (Humanly man: the dream) is an album by the Italian singer-songwriter Lucio Battisti.	Umanamente uomo: il sogno	Lucio Battisti
performer	Koek n Jam is the debut album by Namibian kwaito star Qonja.	Koek n Jam	Qonja
performer	Polk Salad Annie is a 1968 song written and performed by Tony Joe White.	Polk Salad Annie	Tony Joe White
performer	Between Darkness and Wonder is the title of Lamb's fourth album released in 2003.	Between Darkness and Wonder	Lamb
performer	``It's Getting Boring by the Sea'' is a single by the Brighton-based band Blood Red Shoes released on 4 June 2007.	It's Getting Boring by the Sea	Blood Red Shoes
performer	We Still Crunk!! is the second studio album by Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz.	We Still Crunk!!	Lil Jon
performer	``Tell Me What U Know'' was the third single released by the German hard rock band Bonfire that had not appeared on a previously released album.	Tell Me What U Know	Bonfire
performer	``Tire Me'' is the 6th song from the album Evil Empire by Rage Against the Machine.	Tire Me	Rage Against the Machine
performer	Stilelibero (Freestyle) is the eighth studio album by Italian pop/rock singer Eros Ramazzotti, released in 2000 on the BMG label.	Stilelibero	Eros Ramazzotti
performer	Prvi poljubac (English translation: First Kiss) is the fifteenth album of Bosnian singer Halid Bešlić.	Prvi poljubac	Halid Bešlić
performer	Hear My Heart is the 2nd album of the Filipino singer, actress, host, model and Myx VJ Nikki Gil.	Hear My Heart	Nikki Gil
performer	One with the Sun is the second studio album by New York electronica duo Shy Child.	One with the Sun	Shy Child
performer	``Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!)'' is a song co-written by British pop musician Elton John with lyrics by Bernie Taupin.	Bite Your Lip (Get Up and Dance!)	Elton John
performer	Throwed in da Game is the second album by southern rapper Fat Pat. Fat Pat has said that the singles ``Dirty South'' and ``I'm A Slicka'' were inspired by author James Baldwin's semi-autobiographical novel Go Tell It On The Mountain.	Throwed in da Game	Fat Pat
performer	Remember June is the third studio album by Australian Idol 2006 winner Damien Leith.	Remember June	Damien Leith
performer	``Before the Worst'' is a song by Irish band The Script, released as the fifth and final single from their self-titled debut album The Script.	Before the Worst	The Script
performer	Perishable Fruit is singer-songwriter Patty Larkin's seventh album.	Perishable Fruit	Patty Larkin
performer	Visor i närheten (English: Nearby songs) is an album by the Swedish folk singer-songwriter and guitar player Fred Åkerström.	Visor i närheten	Fred Åkerström
performer	``Put Your Hands Up 4 Detroit'' is a song written and produced by Dutch electronic producer and DJ Fedde le Grand.	Put Your Hands Up 4 Detroit	Fedde le Grand
performer	Hey, Come On! was Shinhwa's fourth album and it debuted at #3.	Hey, Come On!	Shinhwa
performer	U tvojim očima is the sixth studio album by the Sarajevo band Crvena jabuka.	U tvojim očima	Crvena jabuka
performer	Adriana Partimpim is an album by the Brazilian singer and songwriter Adriana Calcanhotto.	Adriana Partimpim	Adriana Calcanhotto
performer	``100 Black Coffins'' is a song by American rapper Rick Ross, taken from the soundtrack to Quentin Tarantino's film Django Unchained.	100 Black Coffins	Rick Ross
performer	De Vuelta a Casa (Back to home) is a studio album recorded by Puerto Rican singer Eddie Santiago, returning to Rodven label in 1996.	De Vuelta a Casa	Eddie Santiago
performer	Skinny & Proud is the second album by rap group, The Skinny Boys.	Skinny & Proud	The Skinny Boys
performer	Dievča do dažďa (English: Rainy Day Girl) is the debut album by Slovak singer-songwriter Marika Gombitová, released on OPUS in 1979.	Dievča do dažďa	Marika Gombitová
performer	Pocket Full of Holes was an album independently released in Canada on December 1, 2008, in hopes of a big follow up to the Brandon Paris Band's breakthrough album On My Own.	Pocket Full of Holes	Brandon Paris Band
performer	Bone & Bari is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label as BLP 1572.	Bone & Bari	Curtis Fuller
performer	``Officially Yours'' is the fourth and final single taken from Craig David's fourth album Trust Me, released in the UK on 23 June 2008.	Officially Yours	Craig David
performer	Tonwelle is the second album by Klaus Schulze released under the name of Richard Wahnfried.	Tonwelle	Klaus Schulze
performer	In the Dynamite Jet Saloon is rock band The Dogs D'Amour's second studio album, released in 1988.	In the Dynamite Jet Saloon	The Dogs D'Amour
performer	``Roc the Mic'' is the first single to be released from the soundtrack of the 2002 crime film State Property and was performed by Beanie Sigel and Freeway.	Roc the Mic	State Property
performer	``Ivy & Gold'' is the first single by British alternative rock band Bombay Bicycle Club from their second studio album, Flaws.	Ivy & Gold	Bombay Bicycle Club
performer	Go Faster is the fifteenth official studio album by guitarist/vocalist Richie Kotzen.	Go Faster	Richie Kotzen
performer	``Paperthin Hymn'' is the second single from alternative rock band Anberlin's second album Never Take Friendship Personal.	Paperthin Hymn	Anberlin
performer	``Blood on Fire'' (stylized as ``BLOOD on FIRE'') is the debut single by Japanese pop group AAA.	Blood on Fire	AAA
performer	Under the Same Stars is an album by the American indie band The Prom.	Under the Same Stars	The Prom
performer	``HOFX'' is a 12`` EP by NOFX that includes two songs from the Punk in Drublic period.	HOFX	NOFX
performer	``Not at All'' is a single released by the British Rock band Status Quo in 1989.	Not at All	Status Quo
performer	``When the President Talks to God'' is a protest song by Bright Eyes, with a very pointed political message directed towards George W. Bush and his policies.	When the President Talks to God	Bright Eyes
performer	The Pavilion of Dreams is the second album from composer Harold Budd.	The Pavilion of Dreams	Harold Budd
performer	The Clans Will Rise Again is Grave Digger's 15th album.	The Clans Will Rise Again	Grave Digger
performer	Stage Left is Martin Barre's fourth studio CD, released in 2003.	Stage Left	Martin Barre
performer	``Thank You for a Lifetime'' is a 2008 single by Cliff Richard to coincide with the 50th anniversary of his musical career.	Thank You for a Lifetime	Cliff Richard
performer	I See a Darkness is an album by Bonnie ``Prince'' Billy, a moniker of American musician Will Oldham.	I See a Darkness	Will Oldham
performer	``Lose Yourself to Dance'' is a song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk, featuring vocals from American singer Pharrell Williams.	Lose Yourself to Dance	Daft Punk
performer	Vu Par, an album of remixed Autour de Lucie tracks, was released in 2001 on the Le Village Vert label and in 2002 on the Sony International label.	Vu Par	Autour de Lucie
performer	Kär och galen is the sixth studio album by the Swedish rock artist Ulf Lundell.	Kär och galen	Ulf Lundell
performer	``Sunshine, Lollipops and Rainbows'' is a popular song sung by Lesley Gore.	Sunshine, Lollipops and Rainbows	Lesley Gore
performer	Universal Daddy is the 6th single by Alphaville, and their second from their album Afternoons in Utopia.	Universal Daddy	Alphaville
performer	Lie Back and Think of England is an album by British folk music group Oysterband, released in 1983.	Lie Back and Think of England	Oysterband
performer	``Baby I Don't Care'' was the sixth single from UK pop rock band Transvision Vamp and the first to be taken from their second album Velveteen.	Baby I Don't Care	Transvision Vamp
performer	``Revolution in the Classroom'' was a single released by the Ex Pistols; despite its packaging, the record has nothing to do with the Sex Pistols.	Revolution in the Classroom	Ex Pistols
performer	Hold On Pain Ends is the fourth album from post-hardcore band The Color Morale.	Hold On Pain Ends	The Color Morale
performer	Synchronised Swimmers is the second album by Icelandic artist Hafdís Huld.	Synchronised Swimmers	Hafdís Huld
performer	Tatay is the second release and first full album by Gorky's Zygotic Mynci.	Tatay	Gorky's Zygotic Mynci
performer	The Noise We Make is the first commercial solo release by Chris Tomlin through sixstepsrecords in 2001.	The Noise We Make	Chris Tomlin
performer	Good Ways is reggae singer Sizzla's fifth studio album.	Good Ways	Sizzla
performer	``This Is the World We Live In'' is a eurodance song performed by Swedish band Alcazar.	This Is the World We Live In	Alcazar
performer	``Lotus Flower Bomb'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Wale, released as the lead single from his second studio album Ambition.	Lotus Flower Bomb	Wale
performer	Silky Soul is the seventh studio album and ninth overall album by Bay Area-based R&B group Maze.	Silky Soul	Maze
performer	Pickin' the Blues is the title of a recording by American folk music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1985.	Pickin' the Blues	Doc Watson
performer	Moseley Shoals is a 1996 album by the British rock group Ocean Colour Scene which was released during the Britpop era.	Moseley Shoals	Ocean Colour Scene
performer	Keep Your Wig On is the fourth studio album released by the rock band Fastball.	Keep Your Wig On	Fastball
performer	With Devils Amongst Us All is the third full-length album from metalcore band Walls of Jericho.	With Devils Amongst Us All	Walls of Jericho
performer	The Third Antichrist is the third full-length album by the Swedish blackened death metal band Necrophobic.	The Third Antichrist	Necrophobic
performer	``Almost Saturday Night'' is a song written by John Fogerty and first released on his 1975 album John Fogerty.	Almost Saturday Night	John Fogerty
performer	``No Son of Mine'' is the first single by the British rock group Genesis from their 1991 album We Can't Dance, which reached No. 6 in the UK and No. 12 in the U.S., and was a top ten hit in most of continental Europe.	No Son of Mine	Genesis
performer	Unknown Pleasures is the debut album by the English post-punk band Joy Division.	Unknown Pleasures	Joy Division
performer	'Night Fishing Is Good' Tour 2008 in Sapporo (stylized as 「NIGHT FISHING IS GOOD」TOUR 2008 in SAPPORO) is a live extended play by Japanese band Sakanaction.	'Night Fishing Is Good' Tour 2008 in Sapporo	Sakanaction
performer	Sing Me Something New is the first solo album by Portuguese pop rock singer David Fonseca.	Sing Me Something New	David Fonseca
performer	They Don't Change Under Moonlight is the debut mini album from Welsh rock band Tiger Please which was released 2 November 2009.	They Don't Change Under Moonlight	Tiger Please
performer	``Bird on the Wire'' is one of Leonard Cohen's signature songs.	Bird on the Wire	Leonard Cohen
performer	Forensic Follies is the twenty-fifth studio album by avant-garde guitarist Buckethead, and the sixth album to be originally released on tour, first being sold at Buckethead's May 2009 concerts.	Forensic Follies	Buckethead
performer	Ta Pio Megala S'agapo (Greek: Τα Πιό Μεγάλα Σ'αγαπώ; English: The biggest I love you) is the name of the first Greek-language mainstream album and third studio album overall by Greek musical group C: Real.	Ta Pio Megala S'agapo	C: Real
performer	Unleashed, Uncensored, Unknown is the first video album by American metal band Fozzy.	Unleashed, Uncensored, Unknown	Fozzy
performer	How You Luv That Vol. 2 is the second album by rap duo Big Tymers released in later 1998.	How You Luv That Vol. 2	Big Tymers
performer	Infestissumam (Latin superlative adjective meaning very or most hostile, used by the band as ``the most hostile'' or ``the biggest threat'' in reference to the Antichrist) is the second full-length album by Swedish heavy metal band Ghost.	Infestissumam	Ghost
performer	``Been There'' is a song written and recorded by American country music artists Clint Black and Steve Wariner that peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 2000.	Been There	Clint Black	Steve Wariner
performer	Old Train is the fourth album by the progressive bluegrass Maryland band The Seldom Scene.	Old Train	The Seldom Scene
performer	Collecting Sunlight is the first EP from Swedish artist Andreas Moe.	Collecting Sunlight	Andreas Moe
performer	Boys Meet U is the second Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band Shinee, released on June 26, 2013 in Japan by EMI Records Japan.	Boys Meet U	Shinee
performer	``I'm Getting Used to You'' is the title of the fourth single released by Selena from the album Dreaming of You.	I'm Getting Used to You	Selena
performer	Candlize is the second album by Hitomi Yaida released on 31 October 2001.	Candlize	Hitomi Yaida
performer	``(Hurt Me, Hurt Me) But the Pants Stay On'' is a pop rock song by British singer Samantha Fox.	(Hurt Me, Hurt Me) But the Pants Stay On	Samantha Fox
performer	Dark Space III is the third album by the Swiss black metal band Darkspace.	Dark Space III	Darkspace
performer	Swingin' with Bud is a studio album by jazz pianist Bud Powell, released in 1958 by RCA Victor, featuring a session Powell recorded in 1957.	Swingin' with Bud	Bud Powell
performer	Die geilste Single der Welt (German for The Horniest Single in the World) is a song by German eurodance group E-Rotic.	Die geilste Single der Welt	E-Rotic
performer	``The Narrow Way'' is a section on the studio half of Pink Floyd's fourth album Ummagumma.	The Narrow Way	Pink Floyd
performer	Seelenschmerz (Soulache) is the second album by Blutengel.	Seelenschmerz	Blutengel
performer	Songs from Liquid Days is a collection of songs composed by composer Philip Glass with lyrics by Paul Simon, Suzanne Vega, David Byrne and Laurie Anderson.	Songs from Liquid Days	Philip Glass
performer	Al Kebeer Kebeer (Arabic : الكبير كبير ), is a mini album by Amr Mostafa, and was released in 2009 to be the first mini-album in the Arab world.	Al Kebeer Kebeer	Amr Mostafa
performer	The Bottom Half is the fifth album from progressive rock group Umphrey's McGee recorded during the band's 2005/2006 sessions of their previous studio effort Safety in Numbers.	The Bottom Half	Umphrey's McGee
performer	Wiggly, Wiggly Christmas, released on 6 September 1996 is The Wiggles' seventh album and the group's first Christmas album.	Wiggly, Wiggly Christmas	The Wiggles
performer	Cuero Caliente (Hot Leather) is the fourth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei.	Cuero Caliente	Vox Dei
performer	The album was released under his birth name Åge Sten Nilsen, but the album title GLAMunition features GLAM in it, which is his stagename when he's playing with his glam metal band Wig Wam.	GLAMunition	Wig Wam
performer	``Living on an Island'' is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1979.	Living on an Island	Status Quo
performer	``My Yiddishe Momme'' is a song written by Jack Yellen (words and music) and Lew Pollack (music), first recorded by Willie Howard, and was made famous in Vaudeville by Belle Baker and by Sophie Tucker, and later by the Barry Sisters.	My Yiddishe Momme	Sophie Tucker
performer	Disco Blood is the fifth album by the band Dorso.	Disco Blood	Dorso
performer	Culinaire Lingus is an album by the French progressive rock band Ange.	Culinaire Lingus	Ange
performer	Reel 'N' Roll is a Rawlins Cross album.	Reel 'N' Roll	Rawlins Cross
performer	``Comme j'ai mal'' (English: ``How Much I Suffer'') is a 1995 song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.	Comme j'ai mal	Mylène Farmer
performer	The Elementary Doctor Watson! is the title of a studio album by American country music artists Doc Watson and Merle Watson, released in 1972.	The Elementary Doctor Watson!	Doc Watson
performer	``Don't Cry Anymore'' (stylized as ``don't cry anymore'') is Japanese singer-songwriter miwa's debut major label single, released on March 3, 2010.	Don't Cry Anymore	miwa
performer	Kost u grlu (trans. Bone in the Throat) is the 1979 debut album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba.	Kost u grlu	Riblja Čorba
performer	Holy Weather is the second album by South African alternative rock band Civil Twilight.	Holy Weather	Civil Twilight
performer	Live at Montreux 1980/1974 is the first official DVD by Northern Irish singer-songwriter Van Morrison.	Live at Montreux 1980/1974	Van Morrison
performer	Flyday is the seventh album by the German jazz rock band Kraan.	Flyday	Kraan
performer	Easy Listening... is Pigface's 2003 album, their first since 1997's A New High in Low.	Easy Listening...	Pigface
performer	``Pressing On'' is a song by the Christian rock band Relient K, and it is featured on their second album, The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek.	Pressing On	Relient K
performer	Supersized is the debut studio album of drum & bass DJ, producer and musician Danny Byrd.	Supersized	Danny Byrd
performer	``I'd Love to Change the World'' is a song by the British blues rock band Ten Years After.	I'd Love to Change the World	Ten Years After
performer	``100 Years'' is a song written and recorded by American recording artist Five for Fighting (John Ondrasik).	100 Years	Five for Fighting
performer	``Trashy Women'' is a song recorded by country music singer Jerry Jeff Walker in 1989 and later by the band Confederate Railroad.	Trashy Women	Confederate Railroad
performer	Slow Rollers is a compilation album of ballads by The Rolling Stones released in 1981.	Slow Rollers	The Rolling Stones
performer	Every One of Us is an album by Eric Burdon & The Animals.	Every One of Us	The Animals
performer	``Imma Be'' is a song performed by the American hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas taken from their fifth studio album The E.N.D. The song's title is a slang expression, meaning ``I am going to be'' or ``I will be'' (something or some activity).	Imma Be	The Black Eyed Peas
performer	``Never Give Up on a Good Thing'' was a single by American R&B singer George Benson, which entered the UK Singles Chart on 23 January 1982.	Never Give Up on a Good Thing	George Benson
performer	Deep in the Shed is the second studio album by the blind jazz pianist Marcus Roberts, a protégé of trumpet player Wynton Marsalis.	Deep in the Shed	Marcus Roberts
performer	9 Degrees West of the Moon is the 6th studio album by the Italian progressive power metal band Vision Divine.	9 Degrees West of the Moon	Vision Divine
performer	A Small Deadly Space is the second and final full length studio album from the heavy metal band Fight, released first in Japan on April 12, 1995 with 11 tracks via Sony Music Entertainment.	A Small Deadly Space	Fight
performer	State of Feeling Concentration (2001) was the first full-length release from the newly minted The Rocking Horse Winner.	State of Feeling Concentration	The Rocking Horse Winner
performer	The Pleasure and the Greed is the second album by Canadian hard rock Big Wreck and the last released before their break-up.	The Pleasure and the Greed	Big Wreck
performer	``No Shelter'' is a politically charged song released by Rage Against the Machine in 1998 that was featured on the Godzilla soundtrack.	No Shelter	Rage Against the Machine
performer	The Water & the Blood is the third studio album from Christian indie musician Dustin Kensrue, which was released on September 30, 2013 by BEC Recordings and Mars Hill Music, and the album was produced by Brian Eichelberger.	The Water & the Blood	Dustin Kensrue
performer	``¿Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar?'' (``Why Do I Have to Forget You?'') is a song written by Luis Ángel, Edwin Apolinaris and Tommy Villarini, performed by Puerto Rican-American singer-songwriter José Feliciano.	¿Por Qué Te Tengo Que Olvidar?	José Feliciano
performer	Olos (2000) is an album by the Finnish rock group Absoluuttinen Nollapiste.	Olos	Absoluuttinen Nollapiste
performer	The Design is the first full-length album by the mathcore/metalcore band Into the Moat.	The Design	Into the Moat
performer	Ligfærd (Funeral March/Journey of the Dead) is the second full-length album by Danish one-man Black/Funeral Doom metal band Nortt, released in 2006 on Total Holocaust Records.	Ligfærd	Nortt
performer	``Who Knows Who'' is a collaboration song by English alternative rock band Muse and English hip hop artist Mike Skinner.	Who Knows Who	Muse
performer	``Fields of Joy'' is the third single by American rock musician Lenny Kravitz from his second studio album Mama Said, released in 1991.	Fields of Joy	Lenny Kravitz
performer	``Dani California'' is a single from the American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers' ninth studio album, Stadium Arcadium.	Dani California	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Min önskejul was released in 1997 and is a Christmas album from Swedish singer Sanna Nielsen.	Min önskejul	Sanna Nielsen
performer	The Last Embrace is the final release by Spirit Caravan.	The Last Embrace	Spirit Caravan
performer	``Elusive Butterfly'' is a popular song written by Bob Lind, released as a single in December 1965, which reached #5 on both the Billboard Hot 100 and the adult contemporary chart in the spring of 1966.	Elusive Butterfly	Bob Lind
performer	Victory Road to the King of Neo Visual Rock is a compilation album by Miyavi released on April 22, 2009.	Victory Road to the King of Neo Visual Rock	Miyavi
performer	``Do You Like What You See'' is the debut single by German singer Ivy Quainoo who won the first series of The Voice of Germany.	Do You Like What You See	Ivy Quainoo
performer	As Statues Fell is an LP from Fear of God released by Off The Disk Records.	As Statues Fell	Fear of God
performer	Run Come Save Me is the second studio album by English hip hop musician Roots Manuva.	Run Come Save Me	Roots Manuva
performer	Contemplating the Engine Room is a punk rock opera by Minutemen veteran Mike Watt.	Contemplating the Engine Room	Mike Watt
performer	``Red Rocket Rising'' is the first single by BeForU with Avex Trax.	Red Rocket Rising	BeForU
performer	``Army of Love'' is a single released by Estonian recording artist Kerli, from her shelved second studio album Utopia.	Army of Love	Kerli
performer	Bob Dinners and Larry Noodles Present Tubby Turdner's Celebrity Avalanche is the seventh and final album by Thinking Fellers Union Local 282, released on April 16, 2001 through Communion Records.	Bob Dinners and Larry Noodles Present Tubby Turdner's Celebrity Avalanche	Thinking Fellers Union Local 282
performer	This Wasn't Our Plan is the 2011 EP by American electronic group Peachcake.	This Wasn't Our Plan	Peachcake
performer	``Get What You Want'' is a song by Operator Please and is the second single released in Australia on 27 October 2007 and the third in the United Kingdom on 17 February 2008 from their debut album, Yes Yes Vindictive.	Get What You Want	Operator Please
performer	``Freakum Dress'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé from her second solo studio album B'Day (2006).	Freakum Dress	Beyoncé
performer	``N'oubliez pas'' (English: Don't forget) is a song performed by French singer Lisa Angell.	N'oubliez pas	Lisa Angell
performer	Snowfall on Judgment Day is the fourth studio release of the progressive metal band Redemption.	Snowfall on Judgment Day	Redemption
performer	Architecture & Morality is the third album by the British synthpop band Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark, released in 1981.	Architecture & Morality	Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark
performer	Ride the Lightning is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica.	Ride the Lightning	Metallica
performer	``Who You Wit'' is a 1997 single by rapper Jay-Z that is produced by Ski.	Who You Wit	Jay-Z
performer	``Better Than I Know Myself'' is a song by American recording artist Adam Lambert from his second studio album, Trespassing.	Better Than I Know Myself	Adam Lambert
performer	``I'm the Slime'' is a 1973 single by Frank Zappa and The Mothers from the album Over-Nite Sensation.	I'm the Slime	Frank Zappa
performer	``Pineapple Head'' is a 1993 song by Australian-New Zealand rock band Crowded House from their fourth studio album Together Alone.	Pineapple Head	Crowded House
performer	``Beauty and a Beat'' is a song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber from his third studio album Believe (2012).	Beauty and a Beat	Justin Bieber
performer	Siren Charms is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish metal band In Flames.	Siren Charms	In Flames
performer	We Deserve Much Worse is the third and most recent studio release by brutal death metal band Deathbound.	We Deserve Much Worse	Deathbound
performer	Lollipops & Politics was to be the second studio album by British recording artist V V Brown, initially planned to be released in February 2012.	Lollipops & Politics	V V Brown
performer	``Hard Luck Woman'' is a song by American hard rock band Kiss and the lead single from their 1976 album, Rock and Roll Over.	Hard Luck Woman	Kiss
performer	``Medicate'' is a song by the American rock band AFI, released as the first single from their 2009 album Crash Love.	Medicate	AFI
performer	The 1995 Sessions is a 2009 compilation album consisting of previously unreleased demo tracks previously recorded by Australian singer Dannii Minogue fourteen years earlier.	The 1995 Sessions	Dannii Minogue
performer	``Check the Meaning'' is a song by English singer-songwriter Richard Ashcroft and is the opening track on his 2002 album Human Conditions.	Check the Meaning	Richard Ashcroft
performer	LAShTAL is the second release by Current 93, the first Mi-Mort was a split-album.	LAShTAL	Current 93
performer	Ebbhead is the fourth album of the British EBM group Nitzer Ebb.	Ebbhead	Nitzer Ebb
performer	``What Do I Know'' is the title of a debut song recorded by American country music group Ricochet.	What Do I Know	Ricochet
performer	In Living Cover is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter Jay Brannan, released in the United States on June 23, 2009.	In Living Cover	Jay Brannan
performer	``Time Won't Let Me Go'' is a song by American alternative rock band The Bravery and is featured on their second album The Sun and the Moon.	Time Won't Let Me Go	The Bravery
performer	Vocobeat is the fourth studio album by the a cappella group Rockapella.	Vocobeat	Rockapella
performer	``I Missed the Bus'' is a song by American hip-hop duo Kris Kross.	I Missed the Bus	Kris Kross
performer	Glidin' Along is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1961 and released on the Jazzland label.	Glidin' Along	Bennie Green
performer	Last Days at the Lodge is the third studio album by singer-songwriter Amos Lee, released on June 24, 2008 through Blue Note.	Last Days at the Lodge	Amos Lee
performer	Watts in a Tank was the first album released by the Dutch musical group Diesel.	Watts in a Tank	Diesel
performer	``Lamplight'' is a song by the Bee Gees, released as the B-side of ``First of May'', but featured as the single's A-side in Germany.	Lamplight	Bee Gees
performer	``Someone (Laissons nous une chance)'' is a song by American pop/rock band Hanson and French singer Emma Daumas.	Someone (Laissons nous une chance)	Hanson
performer	Return of the Giant Slits is the second studio album by The Slits, released in 1981 by CBS Records on LP and cassette.	Return of the Giant Slits	The Slits
performer	``Don't Lie'' is a song performed by American recording group The Black Eyed Peas, taken from their fourth studio album, Monkey Business (2005).	Don't Lie	The Black Eyed Peas
performer	Sagitario (English Sagittarius) is the 2nd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Sagitario	Ana Gabriel
performer	``Working Class Man'' is a song performed and made famous by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes.	Working Class Man	Jimmy Barnes
performer	Enamo Aedho (English: Something random...) is a song from the 2011 Tamil feature film Ko, composed by Harris Jayaraj and performed by Aalap Raju.	Enamo Aedho	Harris Jayaraj
performer	Haugbrot was an album released in 2001 by the Icelandic rock singer Megas.	Haugbrot	Megas
performer	The Great Burrito Extortion Case is Bowling for Soup's seventh studio album released on November 7, 2006 as their fifth album through Jive Records.	The Great Burrito Extortion Case	Bowling for Soup
performer	Soft Lights, Sweet Music is the fourth album by Detroit, Michigan-based R&B group Enchantment.	Soft Lights, Sweet Music	Enchantment
performer	``Part-Time Love'' is a song written by Elton John with lyrics by Gary Osborne.	Part-Time Love	Elton John
performer	Home Fire was the fourth album by Irish musician/songwriter Ron Kavana.	Home Fire	Ron Kavana
performer	The Decline of Country and Western Civilization, Pt. 2 is a 2006 album by Lambchop compiling out-takes from their previous albums.	The Decline of Country and Western Civilization, Pt. 2	Lambchop
performer	``Independent Love Song'' is a 1995 single by British indie/pop rock duo Scarlet, taken from their debut album Naked.	Independent Love Song	Scarlet
performer	``The Way to Begin'' is a Christian rock song from Christian rock/pop singer Krystal Meyers.	The Way to Begin	Krystal Meyers
performer	``View from a Bridge'' is the second single to be released internationally from Kim Wilde's second album, Select.	View from a Bridge	Kim Wilde
performer	``I Think I Can Beat Mike Tyson'' is the first single taken from DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince's third studio album, And in This Corner....	I Think I Can Beat Mike Tyson	DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince
performer	Deface the Music is a 1980 album by the band Utopia featuring Todd Rundgren, Roger Powell, Kasim Sulton, and John ``Willie'' Wilcox.	Deface the Music	Utopia
performer	Soul Merchant is an album recorded by organist Sam Lazar and released on the Argo label.	Soul Merchant	Sam Lazar
performer	Marcus' Children is a studio album by Jamaican reggae singer Burning Spear originally released in 1978 as Social Living.	Marcus' Children	Burning Spear
performer	Blackoustic is a collaborative acoustic album by Stratovarius and Cain's Offering vocalist Timo Kotipelto and ex-Sonata Arctica and Cain's Offering guitarist Jani Liimatainen (credited as Kotipelto & Liimatainen).	Blackoustic	Timo Kotipelto
performer	``I'm Outta Time'' is a song by English rock band Oasis, featured on their seventh studio album, Dig Out Your Soul.	I'm Outta Time	Oasis
performer	``Feed the Tree'' is a song by Belly, released as the band's first single from their debut album, Star, in 1993.	Feed the Tree	Belly
performer	Wasser im Wind (German for ``Water in the Wind'') is the tenth solo album by keyboardist Hans-Joachim Roedelius, best known for his work with Cluster, Harmonia, and Aquarello.	Wasser im Wind	Hans-Joachim Roedelius
performer	Wangaratta Wahine is an album by Australian band The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band, released in 1974 and was their second album.	Wangaratta Wahine	The Captain Matchbox Whoopee Band
performer	``Loveeeeeee Song'' is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna recorded for her seventh studio album Unapologetic (2012).	Loveeeeeee Song	Rihanna
performer	The Cycle of Days and Seasons is the fifth full-length album by Leeds-based band Hood.	The Cycle of Days and Seasons	Hood
performer	``La Incondicional'' (``Unconditional'') is a pop song written, produced, and arranged by Juan Carlos Calderón and performed by Mexican singer Luis Miguel.	La Incondicional	Luis Miguel
performer	Hot Fun is the third album from Dayton with the ever popular redention of Sly and the Family Stone's 1969 classic song Hot Fun in the Summertime.	Hot Fun	Dayton
performer	Runaway Brides is the second and final studio album by Brides of Destruction released via Shrapnel Records on September 13, 2005.	Runaway Brides	Brides of Destruction
performer	So Long, Astoria is the fourth full-length album released by The Ataris on March 4, 2003.	So Long, Astoria	The Ataris
performer	``Ein Lama in Yokohama'' is a 2005 song released by animated German crocodile, Schnappi.	Ein Lama in Yokohama	Schnappi
performer	``Working for Vacation'' is the first single from Cibo Matto's second album, Stereo	Working for Vacation	Cibo Matto
performer	Epitome of Torture is the fourteenth album by the German thrash metal band Sodom.	Epitome of Torture	Sodom
performer	``Je vole'' is a 1978 song by French singer Michel Sardou and the title track of the same titled album Je vole by Sardou.	Je vole	Michel Sardou
performer	Never Said Goodbye is the second solo studio album by Welsh singer-songwriter Cerys Matthews.	Never Said Goodbye	Cerys Matthews
performer	Clarity In Darkness is the third album by The Resonance Association, and the second to be released on their own label mrsvee recordings in January 2010.	Clarity In Darkness	The Resonance Association
performer	``Hopelessly'' is a pop song performed by English singer Rick Astley and written by Rob Fisher and himself.	Hopelessly	Rick Astley
performer	Clásicos de la Provincia is the sixth album by Colombian singer/composer Carlos Vives.	Clásicos de la Provincia	Carlos Vives
performer	Sjukdom (English: Sickness) is the fourth and final full-length album by Swedish black metal band Lifelover.	Sjukdom	Lifelover
performer	``Vision of You'' is the fifth single from Belinda Carlisle's Runaway Horses album, released in 1990.	Vision of You	Belinda Carlisle
performer	To Be Loved is the eighth studio album and sixth major label studio album by Canadian vocalist and songwriter Michael Bublé.	To Be Loved	Michael Bublé
place of birth	Carlos Javier Aloy Gomez, known as Aloy de valencia or simply Aloy (born 19 August 1986 in Valencia), is a Spanish rapper.	Aloy	Valencia
place of birth	Albert Emon (born 24 June 1953 in Berre-l'Étang) is French football manager who was most recently in charge of the Ligue 1 club AC Ajaccio.	Albert Emon	Berre-l'Étang
place of birth	Evelyn Opela (born 4 February 1945 in Warnsdorf Sudetenland now Varnsdorf, Czech Republic) is a German television actress.	Evelyn Opela	Varnsdorf
place of birth	Fernando Toranzo Fernández (born September 12, 1950) is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of San Luis Potosí on 2009-2015.	Fernando Toranzo Fernández	San Luis Potosí
place of birth	Giovanni Brusca (born February 20, 1957 in San Giuseppe Jato) is a former member of the Sicilian Mafia.	Giovanni Brusca	San Giuseppe Jato
place of birth	Guillermo Daniel de los Santos Viana (born February 15, 1991 in Montevideo), commonly known as Guillermo de los Santos, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Club Nacional de Football.	Guillermo de los Santos	Montevideo
place of birth	Marjut Rolig (née Lukkarinen; born 4 February 1966 in Lohja) is a Finnish former Cross-country skier who competed during the early 1990s.	Marjut Rolig	Lohja
place of birth	Małgorzata Omilanowska (born 10 April 1960 in Warsaw) is a Polish art historian and politician.	Małgorzata Omilanowska	Warsaw
place of birth	Getúlio Vargas Freitas Oliveira Júnior or simply Getúlio Vargas Junior (born January 22, 1983 in São Gonçalo), is a Brazilian Goalkeeper.	Getúlio Vargas Freitas Oliveira Júnior	São Gonçalo
place of birth	Cromwell Dixon was born in San Francisco; later his family moved to Columbus, Ohio.	Cromwell Dixon	San Francisco
place of birth	Dale Clevenger (born 1940 in Chattanooga, Tennessee) was the Principal Horn of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra from 1966 until his retirement in June, 2013.	Dale Clevenger	Chattanooga
place of birth	Daughter of renowned Australian anthropologist, Diane Bell, Genevieve Bell was born in Sydney and raised in a range of Australian communities, including Melbourne, Canberra, and in several indigenous communities in the Northern Territory.	Genevieve Bell	Sydney
place of birth	Federico Pellegrino (born 1 September 1990 in Aosta, but residing in Nus) is an Italian cross-country skier.	Federico Pellegrino	Aosta
place of birth	Clem Thomas was born in Cardiff and educated at Blundell's School and St. John's College, Cambridge.	Clem Thomas	Cardiff
place of birth	Adrian Goldberg (born in Harborne, Warwickshire) is an English journalist, radio and television presenter.	Adrian Goldberg	Harborne
place of birth	Joseph Bara, also written Barra (30 July 1779 in Palaiseau -- 7 December 1793 in Jallais) was a young French republican drummer boy at the time of the Revolution.	Joseph Bara	Palaiseau
place of birth	Radu Jude (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈradu ˈʒude); born March 28, 1977, Bucharest) is a Romanian film director and scenarist.	Radu Jude	Bucharest
place of birth	Itzik Feffer was born in Shpola, a town in Zvenigorod uyezd (district) of Kiev guberniya, Imperial Russia.	Itzik Feffer	Shpola
place of birth	Ivan Krylov was born in Moscow, but spent his early years in Orenburg and Tver.	Ivan Krylov	Moscow
place of birth	Pete Buttigieg (pronunciation: /ˈbutɪdʒɛɡ/; born January 19, 1982) is an American politician who is the current and 32nd Mayor of South Bend, Indiana.	Pete Buttigieg	South Bend
place of birth	In his childhood, Marcelo Dourado started to practice Brazilian jiu jitsu and Judo in Porto Alegre, his hometown.	Marcelo Dourado	Porto Alegre
place of birth	Leonard Lance was born in Easton, Pennsylvania, into a political family.	Leonard Lance	Easton
place of birth	Clyde Fant was a native of Linden in Cass County, Texas.	Clyde Fant	Linden
place of birth	Alexandra Nicole Michael (born May 15, 1990, in Colleyville, Texas), known professionally as Ali Michael, is an American fashion model.	Ali Michael	Colleyville
place of birth	Mikael Daez was born in metro Manila to a family with eight siblings.	Mikael Daez	Manila
place of birth	Manning currently runs a vocal studio on Music Row in Nashville TN ``Brett Manning Studios'' where he teaches along with his associate teachers Shelby Rollins, Jeff Mathena and Jason Catron.	Brett Manning	Nashville
place of birth	Huang Hongtao began his football career with second-tier football club Guangzhou Apollo in the 1990 Chinese league season where he was part of the team that came runners-up and won promotion to the top tier.	Huang Hongtao	Guangzhou
place of birth	Scott Snibbe (born 1969 in New York City) is an interactive media artist, researcher, and entrepreneur.	Scott Snibbe	New York City
place of birth	Maurizio Crozza (born 5 December 1959, in Genoa) is an Italian comedian, actor and television presenter.	Maurizio Crozza	Genoa
place of birth	Emmit King (born March 24, 1959 in Bessemer, Alabama) is a retired track and field sprinter from the United States, who twice was a member of the American Relay Team for the Summer Olympics (1984 and 1988) but he didn't compete.	Emmit King	Bessemer
place of birth	Bruce Olson was born in 1941 in Saint Paul, Minnesota, the younger of two sons of Marcus and Inga Olson.	Bruce Olson	Saint Paul
place of birth	John-Paul Kelly, known as J.P. Kelly, is a professional poker player from Aylesbury, England.	J.P. Kelly	Aylesbury
place of birth	Gregor Reisch (born at Balingen in Württemberg, about 1467; died at Freiburg, Baden, 9 May 1525) was a German Carthusian humanist writer.	Gregor Reisch	Balingen
place of birth	Dmitry Fofonov (Kazakh: Дмитрий Фофонов; born 15 August 1976 in Almaty) is a former Kazakh professional road bicycle racer who was fired from UCI ProTeam Crédit Agricole for doping.	Dmitry Fofonov	Almaty
place of birth	David Chiang Da-wei (born Chiang Wei-nien on 29 June 1947 in Shanghai, Republic of China) is a Hong Kong actor, director and producer.	David Chiang	Shanghai
place of birth	Carel Sandon (born 29 March 1983, in Lubumbashi, Zaire) is an Italian professional lightweight boxer.	Carel Sandon	Lubumbashi
place of birth	Heinrich of Saxe-Weissenfels, Count of Barby (b. Halle, 29 September 1657 - d. Barby, 16 February 1728), was a German prince of the House of Wettin and count of Barby.	Heinrich of Saxe-Weissenfels, Count of Barby	Halle
place of birth	Erik Spiekermann (born May 30, 1947 in Stadthagen, Lower Saxony) is a German typographer and designer.	Erik Spiekermann	Stadthagen
place of birth	Wynonie Harris (August 24, 1915 -- June 14, 1969), born in Omaha, Nebraska, was an American blues shouter and rhythm and blues singer of upbeat songs, featuring humorous, often ribald lyrics.	Wynonie Harris	Omaha
place of birth	Robert-Georg Freiherr von Malapert, the second oldest of six children, was born on 7 August 1912 in Darmstadt.	Robert-Georg Freiherr von Malapert	Darmstadt
place of birth	Sabyasachi Mukherjee (born 1974) is an Indian fashion designer from Kolkata.	Sabyasachi Mukherjee	Kolkata
place of birth	Fernando Godoy (born 1 May 1990 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Superleague Greece club Atromitos F.C. as a Midfielder.	Fernando Godoy	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Alberto Agnesi (born November 21, 1977 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a Mexican telenovela and stage actor.	Alberto Agnesi	Guadalajara
place of birth	Martin Weinek (born June 30, 1964 in Leoben, Styria) is an Austrian actor, character actor, wine producer, entrepreneur and entertainer, perhaps best known for his role in the television series Inspector Rex (as Inspector Fritz Kunz).	Martin Weinek	Leoben
place of birth	Hilario Durán (born 1953, Havana) is a Cuban jazz pianist.	Hilario Durán	Havana
place of birth	Sergey Usov (Russian: Сергей Усов; born 16 January 1964 in Tashkent) is a retired Belarusian athlete who specialised in the sprint hurdles.	Sergey Usov	Tashkent
place of birth	Selim Sesler was born at Yenimescit neighborhood in Keşan town of Edirne Province in 1957.	Selim Sesler	Keşan
place of birth	Mirko Trosino (born October 19, 1992 in San Miniato) is an Italian cyclist riding for Southeast--	Mirko Trosino	San Miniato
place of birth	Major General Patrick Cammaert (Dutch: (ˈpɛtrɪk ˈkɑmaːrt), born April 11, 1950, Alkmaar) is a Dutch general who was serving as the United Nations Force Commander for the Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Patrick Cammaert	Alkmaar
place of birth	Samuel Azu Crabbe was born at James Town, a suburb of Accra, the capital of Ghana.	Samuel Azu Crabbe	Accra
place of birth	Maciej Kowalczyk (born March 6, 1977 in Wrocław) is a Polish football striker currently playing for Olimpia Grudziądz.	Maciej Kowalczyk	Wrocław
place of birth	Ernst Rabel was born in Vienna, as the son of Albert Rabel and Bertha Rabel (née Ettinger).	Ernst Rabel	Vienna
place of birth	Patrycja Markowska (born 21 December 1979, in Warsaw) is a Polish pop rock singer.	Patrycja Markowska	Warsaw
place of birth	Pejman Hadadi (born 1969, in Tehran) is an internationally acclaimed Iranian tonbak player and Persian classical musician.	Pejman Hadadi	Tehran
place of birth	Panagiotis Katsouris (Greek: Παναγιώτης Κατσούρης, born 28 October 1976 in Athens) was a Greek football player.	Panagiotis Katsouris	Athens
place of birth	John Miliades (Ioannis Miliades, Γιάννης Μηλιάδης, Ιωάννης Μηλιάδης) (born 1895, date of death unknown) was a Greek archaeologist most known for his excavations of the south side of the Acropolis of Athens.	John Miliades	Athens
place of birth	Vander Luiz Silva Souza (born 17 April 1990 in Salvador), simply known as Vander, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Vitória as an attacking midfielder.	Vander Luiz Silva Souza	Salvador
place of birth	Elhaida Dani was born on 17 February 1993 in Shkodër, north Albania.	Elhaida Dani	Shkodër
place of birth	Andrea Lehotská (Detva, 2 December 1981) is a Slovak-Italian television hostess, actress and top model.	Andrea Lehotská	Detva
place of birth	Nikolay Bagrayev was born on 19 June 1964, in Digora village of North-Ossetian ASSR, Russia.	Nikolay Bagrayev	Digora
place of birth	Teresa Mo Sun-kwan (born November 5, 1959), with ancestry in Dongguan, Guangdong, is a Hong Kong actress.	Teresa Mo	Hong Kong
place of birth	Irini Terzoglou (Greek: Ειρήνη Τερζόγλου, born February 2, 1979 in Serres, Kentriki Makedonia) is a Greek shot putter.	Irini Terzoglou	Serres
place of birth	Josep Maria Jujol was born in Tarragona where he lived until age 9.	Josep Maria Jujol	Tarragona
place of birth	William Larson (born 1942, North Tonawanda, NY) is an American Photographer who has influenced the photographic world with conceptual pieces that examine the role of technology in art.	William Larson	North Tonawanda
place of birth	Tan Ende played the majority of his football career for Guangzhou Apollo where he would aid them to two runners-up positions for the league title.	Tan Ende	Guangzhou
place of birth	George David Atherton, known as Gee Atherton (born 26 February 1985, near Salisbury, England) is a professional racing cyclist specialising in downhill and four cross mountain bike racing, and is a multiple national champion, multiple World Cup winner, 2010 Downhill World Cup Champion, and 2010 & 2014 Downhill World Champion.	Gee Atherton	Salisbury
place of birth	Wolfgang Harich was born in Königsberg, East Prussia, on 9 December 1923, into an upper-class literary educated family.	Wolfgang Harich	Königsberg
place of birth	Paul Alain Bingan (born May 29, 1987 in Douala) is a professional Cameroonian footballer currently free agent.	Paul Alain Bingan	Douala
place of birth	Marla Adams (born August 28, 1938; Ocean City, New Jersey) is an American television actress, best known for her roles as Belle Clemens on The Secret Storm, from 1968 to 1974, and as Dina Abbott Mergeron on The Young and the Restless.	Marla Adams	Ocean City, New Jersey
place of birth	Gigi Lai (born 1 October 1971) is a Hong Kong actress and Cantopop singer.	Gigi Lai	Hong Kong
place of birth	John Carel de Mol (born 12 January 1979 in Laren), known as Johnny de Mol, is a Dutch actor and presenter.	Johnny de Mol	Laren
place of birth	Cory Elenio (born August 14, 1986 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) is an American soccer player currently playing for the Syracuse Silver Knights in the MISL.	Cory Elenio	Ann Arbor
place of birth	Alois Hába was born in the small town of Vizovice in Moravian Wallachia, into a large family of 10 children.	Alois Hába	Vizovice
place of birth	Anatoly Emelin (Russian: Анатолий Емелин, Anatoliy Yemelin) (born October 3, 1964 in Ufa) is a former Soviet/Russian Ice hockey player.	Anatoly Emelin	Ufa
place of birth	Flora MacDonald (Gaelic: Fionnghal nic Dhòmhnaill; 1722 -- 4 March 1790), Jacobite heroine, was the daughter of Ranald MacDonald of Milton on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland, and his wife Marion, the daughter of Angus MacDonald.	Flora MacDonald	South Uist
place of birth	Octavio Darío Rodríguez Peña (born 17 September 1974 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan footballer who currently plays as a Centre Back/Left back for Peñarol.	Darío Rodríguez	Montevideo
place of birth	Arthur Edward George was born in Fordington, near Dorchester, Dorset, England on 17 June 1875; his family moved to Newcastle upon Tyne while he was a child.	Arthur Edward George	Dorset
place of birth	Kati Venäläinen-Sundqvist (born Kati Sundqvist on February 15, 1975 in Noormarkku, Satakunta) is a Finnish cross country skier who has competed since 1995.	Kati Sundqvist	Noormarkku
place of birth	John H. Dialogue was an industrialist born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in 1828 to Adam and Sallie Dialogue.	John H. Dialogue	Philadelphia
place of birth	Johannes Roberts (born 24 May 1976, in Cambridge) is a British film director and writer.	Johannes Roberts	Cambridge
place of birth	Helen Duhamel was born on November 26, 1904 in Windsor, Missouri, and moved to northwestern Nebraska when she was two years old.	Helen Duhamel	Windsor
place of birth	Charles Frohman was born in Sandusky, Ohio, the youngest of three Frohman brothers, including Daniel and Gustave.	Charles Frohman	Sandusky
place of birth	Anthony Forté (birth name Anthony Fort, born March 2, 1968), better known by his stage name Rappin' 4-Tay, is an American rapper from the Fillmore District of San Francisco, California.	Rappin' 4-Tay	San Francisco
place of birth	Enzio Boldewijn (born 17 November 1992 in Almere) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a winger for Almere City.	Enzio Boldewijn	Almere
place of birth	Andrea Parenti (born 26 April 1965 in Casalecchio di Reno), is an Italian archer.	Andrea Parenti	Casalecchio di Reno
place of birth	Turan Mirzayev (Azerbaijani: Turan Mirzəyev; born September 24, 1979 in Lankaran) is an Azerbaijani weightlifter.	Turan Mirzayev	Lankaran
place of birth	Stefan Smiljanić (born 10 July 1991 in Subotica) is a Slovenian Serb footballer, who plays for Jedinstvo Putevi.	Stefan Smiljanić	Subotica
place of birth	Josef Prorok (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjozɛf ˈprorok); born November 16, 1987 in Prague) is a Czech track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres hurdles.	Josef Prorok	Prague
place of birth	Grigor Meliksetyan (Armenian: Գրիգոր Մելիքսեթյան, born on 18 August 1986 in Yerevan) is an Armenian football player, who plays for Gandzasar Kapan.	Grigor Meliksetyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Kurt Scharf was born in Landsberg an der Warthe in the Prussian Province of Brandenburg (now Gorzów Wielkopolski in Poland).	Kurt Scharf	Gorzów Wielkopolski
place of birth	Lex de Azevedo was born in Los Angeles, the son of Alyce King of The King Sisters by her first marriage.	Lex de Azevedo	Los Angeles
place of birth	Atanasio Bimbacci (circa 1654 -1734) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native Florence.	Atanasio Bimbacci	Florence
place of birth	Piero Baglioni (born 1952, in Florence) is an Italian chemist and University professor at the University of Florence.	Piero Baglioni	Florence
place of birth	Sheldon Lee Glashow was born in New York City, to Jewish immigrants from Russia, Bella (Rubin) and Lewis Gluchovsky, a plumber.	Sheldon Lee Glashow	New York City
place of birth	Vilma Rimšaitė (born February 24, 1983 in Šiauliai) is a Lithuanian BMX cyclist.	Vilma Rimšaitė	Šiauliai
place of birth	Wojciech Bartelski (born 20 June 1977 in Warsaw) is a Polish politician and creator of the website OlimpBase.	Wojciech Bartelski	Warsaw
place of birth	Cristina Flutur (born in Iași on 1978) is a Romanian film and theatre actress.	Cristina Flutur	Iași
place of birth	John Edwards Holbrook (December 31, 1796 -- September 8, 1871) was an American zoologist, herpetologist, physician, and naturalist, born in Beaufort, South Carolina, the son of Silas Holbrook, a teacher, and Mary Edwards.	John Edwards Holbrook	South Carolina
place of birth	Jean Guiton (2 July 1585 -- 15 March 1654) was born in La Rochelle, where he followed the occupation of ship-owner.	Jean Guiton	La Rochelle
place of birth	Patrick Rampillon (born 4 July 1955 in Bressuire) is a retired French football player who played for SO Cholet, Stade Reims, AS Saint-Étienne and Rennes.	Patrick Rampillon	Bressuire
place of birth	Suparna Anand (born 1972 in Mumbai) started acting in 1986 and continued until 1997.	Suparna Anand	Mumbai
place of birth	Suren Babayan (Armenian: Սուրեն Գուրգենի Բաբայան, September 18, 1950 in Yerevan) is an Armenian Film Actor, Director and Screenwriter.	Suren Babayan	Yerevan
place of birth	Born in Ashton-under-Lyne, James Hemming's childhood education was patchy, and he later obtained his BA via a correspondence course run by Birkbeck College, London.	James Hemming	Ashton-under-Lyne
place of birth	Johann Hugo von Orsbeck was born in Weilerswist on January 30, 1634, the son of Wilhelm von Orsbeck, Herr von Vernich († 1648) and of Katharina von der Leyen († 1673).	Johann Hugo von Orsbeck	Weilerswist
place of birth	Giovanni Ambrogio Bevilacqua, also known as il Liberale Bevilacqua (active, active by 1481--at least 1512) was an Italian painter active in Lombardy in a late-medieval or early Renaissance style.	Giovanni Ambrogio Bevilacqua	Lombardy
place of birth	Ryan Caugherty (born September 23, 1982 in Seoul) is a Korean-born American soccer player, currently retired.	Ryan Caugherty	Seoul
place of birth	Graham Nicholls (born 30 July 1975 in London, England) is an author, installation artist and specialist on out of body experiences.	Graham Nicholls	London
place of birth	Ivan Firsov (Russian: Иван Иванович Фирсов, c.1733 in Moscow -- c.1785 in Saint-Petersburg) was a Russian painter.	Ivan Firsov	Moscow
place of birth	Javier Cienfuegos Pinilla (born July 15, 1990 in Montijo-Badajoz) is a Spanish hammer thrower and the junior world record holder.	Javier Cienfuegos	Montijo
place of birth	Dixie Browning, née Burrus (born September 9, 1930 in North Carolina) is an American artist and writer of over 100 romance novels.	Dixie Browning	North Carolina
place of birth	Frederick Chamier (1796--1870) was an English novelist and naval captain born in London.	Frederick Chamier	London
place of birth	Matt Mulhern (born July 21, 1960 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is an American actor who has starred in such films as One Crazy Summer and Biloxi Blues, and such television series such as Major Dad, JAG, and Rescue Me (playing Lt. John Stackhouse).	Matt Mulhern	Philadelphia
place of birth	David Moore Crook DFC (24 November 1914 -- 18 December 1944) was a British fighter pilot born in Huddersfield, England.	David Moore Crook	Huddersfield
place of birth	Rudolf Simek (born 21 February 1954 in Eisenstadt, Burgenland) is an Austrian Germanist and philologist.	Rudolf Simek	Eisenstadt
place of birth	Oleg Chuzhda (Ukrainian: Олег Чужда), (born May 8, 1985 in Canet d'en Berenguer) is a Ukrainian cyclist.	Oleg Chuzhda	Canet d'en Berenguer
place of birth	Michael Budi Margono (traditional Chinese: : 王阳文; simplified Chinese: 王阳溫; pinyin: Liem Yang Boen) (born 20 February 1983 in Semarang, Central Java) is a technopreneur.	Budi Margono	Semarang
place of birth	Adalbert von Ladenberg (born 18 February 1798 in Ansbach; died 15 February 1855) was a Prussian politician.	Adalbert von Ladenberg	Ansbach
place of birth	John Haggerty (born October 17, 1960, Chicago) is an influential Chicago guitarist.	John Haggerty	Chicago
place of birth	Ji Young-jun (born 15 October 1981 in Seoul) is a South Korean long-distance runner who specializes in the marathon.	Ji Young-jun	Seoul
place of birth	Callum Warburton (born 25 February 1989 in Stockport, England) is an English professional footballer who plays in centre midfield or occasionally at full back.	Callum Warburton	Stockport
place of birth	George de Godzinsky's father was a Saint Petersburg-based civil servant and businessman who had strong ties to customers in Finland.	George de Godzinsky	Saint Petersburg
place of birth	Kati-Claudia Fofonoff (8 December 1947 in Ivalo -- 12 June 2011) was an author and translator who wrote in Skolt Sámi and Finnish.	Kati-Claudia Fofonoff	Ivalo
place of birth	Jo Kuk Cho-lam (谷祖琳; born 16 May 1977), sometimes credited as Jo Koo and Jolane Koo, is a Hong Kong actress and singer.	Jo Kuk	Hong Kong
place of birth	David Kenneth Brooks, Jr., better known as Bubba Brooks or Bubber Brooks (May 29, 1922 in Fayetteville, North Carolina -- April 11, 2002) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist.	Bubba Brooks	Fayetteville
place of birth	Noel Godfrey Chavasse was the younger of identical twin boys born to the Rev. Francis Chavasse (later Bishop of Liverpool and founder of St Peter's College, Oxford) and Edith Jane Chavasse (née Maude) on 9 November 1884 at 36 New Inn Hall Street, Oxford.	Noel Godfrey Chavasse	Oxford
place of birth	Jan Eliot (born 1950 in San Jose, California) is an American cartoonist.	Jan Eliot	San Jose
place of birth	Doris Gates was born November 26, 1901, in Mountain View, California, the oldest daughter of Charles Obed and Bessie Louise (Jones) Gates.	Doris Gates	Mountain View
place of birth	Ralph Wormeley Curtis was born in Boston in 1854 in Boston, the eldest son of Daniel Sargent Curtis, a wealthy lawyer, and his wife Ariana Randolph Wormeley.	Ralph Wormeley Curtis	Boston
place of birth	Yadhira Carrillo (born Yadhira Carrillo Villalobos on May 12, 1973 in Aguascalientes, México) is a former actress and former beauty queen.	Yadhira Carrillo	Aguascalientes
place of birth	Peter Tevis (born February 10, 1937, in Santa Barbara, California, USA, died September 13, 2006 in Mercer Island, Washington) was an American folk singer best remembered for his work on the soundtracks of composer Ennio Morricone.	Peter Tevis	Santa Barbara
place of birth	Kelley Walker (born 1969 Columbus, Georgia) is an American post-conceptual artist who lives and works in New York City.	Kelley Walker	Columbus
place of birth	Terry Rawlings (born 1933 in London, England) is a British film editor and sound editor with several BAFTA nominations and one Academy Award nomination.	Terry Rawlings	London
place of birth	Gal Costa (born Maria da Graça Costa Penna Burgos on September 26, 1945, in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian singer of popular music.	Gal Costa	Salvador
place of birth	Djibril Compaoré (born 1 August 1983 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football (soccer) Striker, he currently plays for ASFA Yennega.	Djibril Compaoré	Ouagadougou
place of birth	Milton Kort attended the local chapter of the International Brotherhood of Magicians Ring #22 in the Detroit, Michigan metropolitan area.	Milton Kort	Michigan
place of birth	Born Tamar Mardirossian (Armenian: Թամար Մարտիրոսյան), better known by her artist name Tamar Kaprelian, was born in Scottsdale, Arizona to Armenian parents, but she grew up in Georgia and California.	Tamar Kaprelian	Scottsdale
place of birth	Jeanne You, also You Ji-yeoun, (born August 23, 1978 in Yeosu) is a South Korean classical pianist.	Jeanne You	Yeosu
place of birth	Tom Stubbe (26 May 1981 in Blankenberge) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer for Donckers Koffie-Jelly Belly.	Tom Stubbe	Blankenberge
place of birth	Mattia De Sciglio (Italian pronunciation: (matˈtiːa deʃˈʃiʎʎo); born 20 October 1992) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Milan in Serie A and the Italian national team.	Mattia De Sciglio	Milan
place of birth	Isidore Mankofsky (born September 22, 1931, in New York City, New York) is an American cinematographer.	Isidore Mankofsky	New York City
place of birth	Maximiliano Pellegrino (born January 26, 1980, in Leones, Córdoba Province) is an Argentinan footballer, who currently plays as centre back for Argentinan side All Boys.	Maximiliano Pellegrino	Leones
place of birth	Margit Carstensen is the daughter of a physician, and was born and raised in the north-German city of Kiel.	Margit Carstensen	Kiel
place of birth	Josip Serdarušić (born 21 November 1986 in Tomislavgrad) is a Croatian football player, currently playing for KA Akureyri in the Icelandic 1.	Josip Serdarušić	Tomislavgrad
place of birth	Rev. Count Henry Jerome Augustine Fane de Salis, (born Pisa 16 January 1828, died Virginia Water 18 February 1915), JP (Surrey), of Portnall Park, Virginia Water.	Rev. Count Henry Jerome Augustine Fane de Salis	Pisa
place of birth	Fabianne Therese was born in Kansas City, Missouri, and grew up all over the world, as her family at various times lived in Austria, Sri Lanka, Abu Dhabi, and Palm Springs.	Fabianne Therese	Kansas City
place of birth	Constantine Giannaris, also Constantinos Giannaris (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Γιάνναρης; born 1959 in Athens), is a Greek film director, screenwriter and actor.	Constantine Giannaris	Athens
place of birth	Huáscar Aparicio Gonzales (June 1, 1972 in Sucre -- June 21, 2013 in Tomina) was a Bolivian folk singer.	Huáscar Aparicio	Sucre
place of birth	Jay Penske is an American media and publishing entrepreneur, born in New York City and currently based in Los Angeles.	Jay Penske	New York City
place of birth	Antonino Fogliani (born in Messina, June 29, 1976) is an Italian conductor.	Antonino Fogliani	Messina
place of birth	Božo Vuletić (born 1 July 1958 in Dubrovnik) won an Olympic gold medal as a member of the Yugoslav water polo team at the 1984 Olympics.	Božo Vuletić	Dubrovnik
place of birth	Dr Herzl Berger (Belarusian: Герцаль Бергер; Hebrew: הרצל ברגר‎‎; 31 August 1904 -- 28 August 1962) was a Minsk-born Israeli activist and politician.	Herzl Berger	Minsk
place of birth	Alec Craig was born on 30 March 1884 in Dunfermline, Fife, Scotland, the son of James Chapman Craig and his wife Isabella.	Alec Craig	Dunfermline
place of birth	Vamsy was born and brought up at the village of Pasalapudi, near Ramachandrapuram of East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh on 20 November 1956.	Vamsy	Pasalapudi
place of birth	Brad North (born January 21, 1985 in The Woodlands, Texas) is a retired American soccer player and now businessman.	Brad North	The Woodlands
place of birth	Hassan Rangraz (Persian: حسن رنگرز‎‎, born 21 March 1980 in Nowshahr) is an Iranian retired wrestler, He is a world champion in Greco-Roman wrestling.	Hassan Rangraz	Nowshahr
place of birth	Cordy Ryman (born 1971, New York City), an artist based in New York City.	Cordy Ryman	New York City
place of birth	After leaving his Berlin middle school Karl Anders (as he later became known) worked as a furniture upholsterer and undertook a traineeship as a Landscape gardener.	Karl Anders	Berlin
place of birth	Frank Hagar Bigelow (August 28, 1851, Concord, Massachusetts - March 2, 1924) was a United States scientist.	Frank Hagar Bigelow	Concord
place of birth	Mary Joan Nielubowicz was born on 5 February 1929 in Shenandoah, Pennsylvania to Joseph and Ursula Nielubowicz and graduated from Shenandoah Catholic High School.	Mary Joan Nielubowicz	Shenandoah
place of birth	Claudia Gould was born and raised near New Haven, Connecticut.	Claudia Gould	Connecticut
place of birth	Victoria Strauss (born in 1955, in Exeter, New Hampshire) is the author of nine fantasy novels for adults and young adults, including the Stone series (The Arm of the Stone and The Garden of the Stone) and the Way of Arata series (The Burning Land and The Awakened City).	Victoria Strauss	Exeter
place of birth	Luigi Frusci was born in Venosa in 1879 and soon enlisted in the Italian Army.	Luigi Frusci	Venosa
place of birth	Caleb Fairley (born October 21, 1973) is an American murderer from Gulph Mills, Pennsylvania.	Caleb Fairley	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Miodrag Lekić (born 21 November 1947 in Bar, Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin and former Yugoslav political scientist, diplomat and politician.	Miodrag Lekić	Bar
place of birth	Christoph Franz (born 2 May 1960 in Frankfurt) was Chief Executive Officer of Lufthansa until 1 May 2014 (replaced by Carsten Spohr).	Christoph Franz	Frankfurt
place of birth	Saint Marie-Alphonsine Danil Ghattas (4 October 1843 -- 25 March 1927) was a Palestinian Christian nun who founded the Dominican Sisters of the Most Holy Rosary of Jerusalem (the Rosary Sisters), the first Palestinian congregation.	Marie-Alphonsine Danil Ghattas	Jerusalem
place of birth	Dariusz Sztylka (born May 28, 1978 in Wrocław) is a retired Polish footballer who spent the most of his career at Śląsk Wrocław.	Dariusz Sztylka	Wrocław
place of birth	MacDougall was born in Lerwick, the son of Major Peter MacDougall, a schoolmaster at the Central Public School, and his wife Florence.	Peter MacDougall	Lerwick
place of birth	Ruža Tomašić was born in the village of Mladoševica, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, FPR Yugoslavia and grew up with her parents, six sisters and a brother in the Slavonian village of Velika Kopanica.	Ruža Tomašić	Mladoševica
place of birth	Muhterem Nur, née Aysel Muhterem Kısa (December 31, 1932 in Manastır, Yugoslavia, today Bitola in Republic of Macedonia) is a Turkish movie actress and pop music singer.	Muhterem Nur	Bitola
place of birth	Walter Horacio Peralta Saracho (born 3 June 1982 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football attacking midfielder/striker currently playing for Patriotas in Colombia.	Horacio Peralta	Montevideo
place of birth	David Grammont, better known under his stage name Tonton David is a French Reggae singer born in Réunion.	Tonton David	Réunion
place of birth	Bert Middlemiss (born 19 December 1888 in Newcastle upon Tyne-- died 1941) was a professional footballer who played for Stalybridge Rovers, Tottenham Hotspur and Queens Park Rangers.	Bert Middlemiss	Newcastle upon Tyne
place of birth	Barbara Cleverly is a British author born in Northern England and a former teacher.	Barbara Cleverly	England
place of birth	Brian McKeever (born June 18, 1979, in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian cross-country skier and biathlete.	Brian McKeever	Calgary
place of birth	Joventino Couto Remotigue also known as Jun Kung (Chinese: 恭碩良; pinyin: ɡōnɡ shuò liánɡ; born August 18, 1977) is a drummer, singer and songwriter who resides in Hong Kong.	Jun Kung	Hong Kong
place of birth	He was born César Domela Nieuwenhuis in Amsterdam.	César Domela	Amsterdam
place of birth	Andrejs Perepļotkins (Ukrainian: Андрій Ігорович Перепльоткін, Andriy Igorovych Pereplyotkin; born 27 December 1984 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian born Latvian footballer, who plays primarily as a right winger for Caramba/Dinamo in the Latvian First League.	Andrejs Perepļotkins	Kharkiv
place of birth	Basil Nikitin was born in Sostonovit, a town in Poland, then part of the Russian Empire.	Basil Nikitin	Poland
place of birth	Hardie Gramatky was born in Dallas, Texas, the second of three sons born to Bernhard Gramatky and Blanche Gunner Gramatky.	Hardie Gramatky	Dallas
place of birth	Aurelia Trywiańska-Kollasch (born 9 May 1976 in Szczecin) is a former Polish athlete specializing in the 100 meters hurdles.	Aurelia Trywiańska	Szczecin
place of birth	Julia Dujmovits (born 12 June 1987 in Güssing) is an Austrian snowboarder.	Julia Dujmovits	Güssing
place of birth	José Tadeu Carneiro Cardoso (born 1956 in Jacobina, Bahia), also known as Mestre Camisa, is a Capoeira master, most known for creating the organization ABADÁ-Capoeira.	José Tadeu Carneiro Cardoso	Bahia
place of birth	Conradin Cathomen (born June 2, 1959 in Laax) is a former Swiss alpine skier.	Conradin Cathomen	Laax
place of birth	Yacouba Bamba (born 16 December 1975) in the Marcory commune of Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire.	Yacouba Bamba	Marcory
place of birth	Trần Văn Dĩnh (Huế, 1923 - Washington, D.C. 4 October 2011) was an American --	Trần Văn Dĩnh	Huế
place of birth	Bárbara Elorrieta (Madrid, May 5, 1978) is a Spanish actress and TV producer.	Bárbara Elorrieta	Madrid
place of birth	Leandro Eleutério de Souza or simply Leandrinho (born February 22, 1985 in Araruama, is a Brazilian Right Back. He currently plays for ASA.	Leandro Eleutério de Souza	Araruama
place of birth	Olivier Giscard d'Estaing (born Paris, 30 December 1927) is chairman of the Committee for a World Parliament.	Olivier Giscard d'Estaing	Paris
place of birth	Gustavo Dourado (born 1960, Ibititá, Bahia) is a Brazilian teacher, writer and poet.	Gustavo Dourado	Ibititá
place of birth	Shiva Boloorian (Persian: شیوا بلوریان ‎‎, born 5 October 1979 in Tehran) is an Iranian actress and stage director, as well as a TV moderator.	Shiva Boloorian	Tehran
place of birth	A native of Nogales, Arizona, Christine McIntyre was one of five children.	Christine McIntyre	Nogales
place of birth	Adrian Saxe is an American ceramic artist who was born in Glendale, California in 1943.	Adrian Saxe	Glendale
place of birth	Milan Šperl (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɪlan ˈʃpɛrl̩); born 26 February 1980 in Karlovy Vary) is a Czech cross country skier who has been competing since 2000.	Milan Šperl	Karlovy Vary
place of birth	Abdul-Hafeedh Arbeesh (born July 23, 1963 in Tripoli) is a Libyan professional football player and manager.	Abdul-Hafeedh Arbeesh	Tripoli
place of birth	Zhu Guanghu (simplified Chinese: 朱广沪; traditional Chinese: 朱廣滬; pinyin: Zhū Guǎnghù; born September 25, 1949 in Shanghai, China) is a Chinese football coach and a former player.	Zhu Guanghu	Shanghai
place of birth	Blake Shepard (born July 23, 1984 in Houston, Texas) is an American voice actor who works for anime series at ADV Films, Funimation and Sentai Filmworks.	Blake Shepard	Houston
place of birth	Katrin Rutschow-Stomporowski (born 2 April 1975 in Waren (Müritz)) is a German rower and two-time Olympic gold medalist.	Katrin Rutschow-Stomporowski	Waren (Müritz
place of birth	Manu Ferrera was born in the Spanish village El Cerro de Andévalo, but he moved in 1962 to Schaarbeek with his family.	Manu Ferrera	El Cerro de Andévalo
place of birth	Benjamin Reichert (born 17 May 1983 in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a German former professional football player and co-founder of the SK Gaming e-sports clan.	Benjamin Reichert	Essen
place of birth	Born in Youngstown, Ohio, the son of Mayor Robert Walker Tayler, Sr., Tayler attended the public schools and received an A.B. from Western Reserve College in 1872 and taught in the high school in New Lisbon (now Lisbon), Ohio.	Robert Walker Tayler	Youngstown
place of birth	Mark Rudan (born 27 August 1975) is an Australian former footballer and current head coach of National Premier Leagues NSW side Sydney United 58.	Mark Rudan	Sydney
place of birth	Piotr Balcerzak (born 25 June 1975 in Warsaw) is a former Polish sprint athlete.	Piotr Balcerzak	Warsaw
place of birth	Ronnie Bucknum (April 5, 1936 -- April 23, 1992) was an American racecar driver, born in Alhambra, California.	Ronnie Bucknum	Alhambra
place of birth	Adriaan Joseph van Rossem (December 17, 1892 in Chicago -- 1949) was an American ornithologist of Dutch ancestry.	Adriaan Joseph van Rossem	Chicago
place of birth	Aprile Millo was born in New York City, the daughter of two opera singers, tenor Giovanni Millo (John Hamill) and soprano Margherita Girosi.	Aprile Millo	New York City
place of birth	Andrew Langtree is a stage and screen actor, born 18 February 1977, St Helens.	Andrew Langtree	St Helens
place of birth	Marie Guillot was born in September 1880 at Damerey, in the Bresse region of the department of Saône-et-Loire, where her family was rooted.	Marie Guillot	Damerey
place of birth	Greig McDonald (born 12 May 1982 in Dunfermline) is a Scottish football player and manager.	Greig McDonald	Dunfermline
place of birth	Osman Sınav (born 1956 in Denizli) is a Turkish director, producer and screenwriter.	Osman Sınav	Denizli
place of birth	Francesco Turrini (born 18 October 1965 in Foligno) is an Italian footballer who played as a right winger.	Francesco Turrini	Foligno
place of birth	Second son of Armand XVI, marquis de Polignac and Marquis Chalancon, Governor of Puy; and Jacqueline de Beauvoir -Grimoard-de Roure (his third wife), Melchior de Polignac was born at Chateau de la Ronte, near Puy en Vélay, Lavoûte-sur-Loire, Haute-Loire, Auvergne.	Melchior de Polignac	Lavoûte-sur-Loire
place of birth	Barry X Ball (born 1955 in Pasadena, California) is an American sculptor based in New York City.	Barry X Ball	Pasadena
place of birth	Betty Diana Coupland was born in Leeds, West Riding of Yorkshire in 1928, the only child of Elsie (née Beck) and Denis Coupland.	Diana Coupland	Leeds
place of birth	Bianca Stuart (born May 17, 1988 in Nassau, Bahamas) is a Bahamian long jumper and national record holder with a 6.81 m jump in 2011.	Bianca Stuart	Nassau
place of birth	The name Mo-Do is claimed to originate from first letters of Frittelli's birth-town (Monfalcone) and the day of his birth (Domenica, i.e. Sunday in Italian), respectively.	Mo-Do	Monfalcone
place of birth	Pasquale Galasso (Poggiomarino, May 17, 1955) is a former boss of the Galasso clan, a clan of the Camorra, the Neapolitan crime organization.	Pasquale Galasso	Poggiomarino
place of birth	Chaudhry Shafaat Hussain is a well-known local body politician belonging to district Gujrat, Pakistan.	Chaudhry Shafaat Hussain	Gujrat
place of birth	Hunt Slonem was born in Kittery, Maine, in an upper middle class family, the eldest of four children.	Hunt Slonem	Kittery, Maine
place of birth	Herson Capri (Ponta Grossa) is a Brazilian actor.	Herson Capri	Ponta Grossa
place of birth	James Tylee (1750--1826 New York City) was an American politician from New York He was a Federalist member of the New York State Assembly in 1797 and 1812.	James Tylee	New York City
place of birth	Chuck Yiu Kwok (Chinese: 卓耀國; Jyutping: coek3 jiu6 gwok3, born 29 May 1994 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player who plays for Hong Kong Rangers.	Chuck Yiu Kwok	Hong Kong
place of birth	Anders Lassen was the son of Emil Victor Schau Lassen and Suzanne Maria Signe Lassen, of Nyhavn, Copenhagen.	Anders Lassen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Wojciech Zamecznik (January 13, 1923 in Warsaw -- May 12, 1967 in Warsaw) was a Polish graphic artist, architect, photographer and interior designer.	Wojciech Zamecznik	Warsaw
place of birth	Vasile Bătrânac (born 1925, Plopi) was the head of the anti-Soviet group Arcaşii lui Ştefan and a political prisoner in the Soviet Union.	Vasile Bătrânac	Plopi
place of birth	William Andrewes was the second son of the Rev. Canon Gerrard Thomas Andrewes, Canon of Winchester, and Helena Louisa Kirby.	William Andrewes	Winchester
place of birth	Sébastien Haller (born 22 June 1994 in Ris Orangis) is a French footballer who plays as a striker for FC Utrecht,	Sébastien Haller	Ris Orangis
place of birth	The son of an insurance agent, George Joseph Smith was born in Bethnal Green, London.	George Joseph Smith	London
place of birth	Ovid was born in Sulmo (modern Sulmona), in an Apennine valley east of Rome, to an important equestrian family, on March 20, 43 BC. That was a significant year in Roman politics.	Ovid	Sulmona
place of birth	Joan Busquets was born in 1946 in El Prat de Llobregat, a suburb of Barcelona.	Joan Busquets	El Prat de Llobregat
place of birth	Jan Hoogstad ranks among the International Academy of Architecture's Academicians and is President of the International Centre in Rotterdam.	Jan Hoogstad	Rotterdam
place of birth	Renata Fronzi was born in the city of Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina, on August 1, 1925.	Renata Fronzi	Rosario
place of birth	Peter Gay was born in Berlin in 1923 and immigrated to the United States in 1941.	Peter Gay	Berlin
place of birth	Ulf Håkan Hardenberger (born 27 October 1961, Malmö) is a Swedish trumpeter.	Håkan Hardenberger	Malmö
place of birth	Manfredi Beninati is an Italian artist born in Palermo (Sicily) in 1970.	Manfredi Beninati	Palermo
place of birth	On 29 March 1996, Danie Voges defeated The Viking by disqualification in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Danie Voges	Johannesburg
place of birth	Elena Cornaro Piscopia was born in the Palazzo Loredan, at Venice, Republic of Venice on 5 June 1646.	Elena Cornaro Piscopia	Venice
place of birth	Diyo Sibisi (born April 14, 1982 in Sahlumbe, KwaZulu-Natal) is a South African football (soccer) striker who plays for Fico Tây Ninh in the Vietnamese First Division.	Diyo Sibisi	KwaZulu-Natal
place of birth	Edel Rodriguez (born August 22, 1971 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban American artist.	Edel Rodriguez	Havana
place of birth	Father Pavel Bliznetsov (born 26 September 1913, Tambov, Russian Empire - died on 24 September 1989, Gundelfingen, Germany) was a Russian Greek-Catholic priest.	Pavel Bliznetsov	Tambov
place of birth	Jake Shimabukuro (born November 3, 1976 in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a ukulele virtuoso and composer known for his fast and complex finger work.	Jake Shimabukuro	Honolulu
place of birth	Gaël Malacarne (born 2 April 1986 in Saint-Brieuc) is a French racing cyclist, who last rode for UCI Professional Continental team Bretagne-Séché Environnement.	Gaël Malacarne	Saint-Brieuc
place of birth	Jennifer England (born July 11, 1978, Lansing, Michigan) is an American model and actress.	Jennifer England	Lansing
place of birth	George Kwasi Semakor (born on January 6, 1988 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian footballer of Ugandan descent who has been naturalized to represent Qatar.	George Kwasi Semakor	Kumasi
place of birth	James McKinstry (born 3 July 1979 in Glasgow) is a Scottish footballer, who currently plays for junior side Petershill.	James McKinstry	Glasgow
place of birth	Anna Kathryn Holbrook (née York; born April 18, 1957, Fairbanks, Alaska) is an American soap opera actress, best known for her role as Sharlene Frame Hudson on Another World, a role she played originally from 1988 to 1991.	Anna Kathryn Holbrook	Fairbanks
place of birth	Turi Simeti (born 1929) is an Italian painter born in Alcamo, Sicily.	Turi Simeti	Alcamo
place of birth	Brooke Annibale (born July 1987) is an American singer/songwriter and musician from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Brooke Annibale	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Edwin Heathcote (born 1968 in London), is an architect and designer.	Edwin Heathcote	London
place of birth	Kirmen Uribe was born in Ondarroa (Basque Country), a small fishing town about one hour from Bilbao.	Kirmen Uribe	Ondarroa
place of birth	Kathleen Garman was born on 15 May 1901 in Wednesbury, Staffordshire, the daughter of Dr Walter Chancellor Garman (1860--1923), a general practitioner, and his wife, Margaret Frances Magill.	Kathleen Garman	Wednesbury
place of birth	George Călinescu was born Gheorghe Vişan on 14 June 1899, the son of a housekeeper, Maria Vişan; the child was brought up by his mother's employers, Constantin Călinescu, a worker for Romanian State Railways, and his wife Maria, in their house in Bucharest.	George Călinescu	Bucharest
place of birth	Werner Bochmann (17 May 1900, Meerane, Kingdom of Saxony -- 3 June 1993) was a German composer.	Werner Bochmann	Meerane
place of birth	Valerio Checchi (born Subiaco, Lazio, April 3, 1980) is an Italian cross-country skier who has competed since 1999.	Valerio Checchi	Subiaco
place of birth	Willy Brandt was born Herbert Ernst Carl Frahm in the Free City of Lübeck (German Empire) on 18 December 1913.	Willy Brandt	Lübeck
place of birth	Tolbert Fanning (May 10, 1810 -- May 3, 1874) was a Restoration Movement preacher and writer born in Cannon County, Tennessee.	Tolbert Fanning	Cannon County
place of birth	Diana Thater (born 1962, San Francisco) is an American artist, curator, writer, and educator.	Diana Thater	San Francisco
place of birth	Ashot Danielyan (Armenian: Աշոտ Դանիելյան , born April 11, 1974 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a retired Armenian weightlifter.	Ashot Danielyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Geir Frigård (born 3 November 1970 in Vormsund) is a former Norwegian football striker who retired in 2007.	Geir Frigård	Vormsund
place of birth	Ole Søltoft (8 January 1941 -- 9 May 1999 in Kolding) was a Danish actor who became an icon of the 1970s wave of Danish erotic feature film comedies.	Ole Søltoft	Kolding
place of birth	Nikolai Lopatnikoff (born Russian, Николай Львович Лопатников/Nikolai Lwowitsch Lopatnikow; 16 March 1903 in Tallinn - 7 October 1976 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was a Russian-American composer, music teacher and university lecturer.	Nikolai Lopatnikoff	Tallinn
place of birth	Henry Pedris was born in Galle, Ceylon, the youngest of five children and the only son of Duenuge Disan Pedris and Mallino Pedris.	Henry Pedris	Galle
place of birth	Marc Quaghebeur (born Tournai, 1947) is a Belgian poet and essayist.	Marc Quaghebeur	Tournai
place of birth	Dragoljub Simonović (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгoљуб Симоновић ;born 30 October 1972 in Belgrade) is a former Bulgarian - Serbian footballer.	Dragoljub Simonović	Belgrade
place of birth	Liudas Rumbutis (Belarusian: Людас Румбуціс; Russian: Людас Румбутис; born 24 November 1955 in Telšiai, Lithuanian SSR) is a Lithuanian and Belarusian professional football coach and a former player.	Liudas Rumbutis	Telšiai
place of birth	Lawrence Montaigne (born February 26, 1931 in Brooklyn, New York) is an American actor, writer, dancer, and stuntman.	Lawrence Montaigne	Brooklyn
place of birth	The Master of the Virgo inter Virgines was a North Netherlandish painter and designer of woodcuts active around Delft between 1483 and 1498.	Master of the Virgo inter Virgines	Delft
place of birth	Félix Demaría, also known as Felice Demaria or Felix De Maria (born April 27, 1912 in Haedo) was an Argentine professional football player.	Félix Demaría	Haedo
place of birth	Yuri Gagarin was born in the village of Klushino, near Gzhatsk (renamed Gagarin in 1968 after his death), on 9 March 1934.	Yuri Gagarin	Klushino
place of birth	Abdourammane Mohamed Coly (born 2 February 1984 in Dakar) is a Senegalese footballer, who currently plays for Serie B club Pro Vercelli in Italy.	Mohamed Coly	Dakar
place of birth	Alan Graham Apley FRCS (10 November 1914, London -- 20 December 1996) was a British orthopaedic surgeon and educator known for his textbook, Apley's System of Orthopaedics and Fractures, and for the Apley grind test in meniscal injury.	Alan Graham Apley	London
place of birth	Andrea Keszler (born July 28, 1989 in Tatabánya) is a Hungarian short-track speed-skater.	Andrea Keszler	Tatabánya
place of birth	Magdaléna Borová (born 14 April 1981, Frýdlant v Čechách, Czechoslovakia now Czech Republic) is a Czech actress.	Magdaléna Borová	Frýdlant
place of birth	Pat Hoed (born September 3, 1963 in Hollywood, California) is a singer, professional wrestling commentator and radio personality.	Pat Hoed	Hollywood
place of birth	Anders Osterlind, a French painter, was born in Lépaud (Creuse) on June 12, 1887.	Anders Osterlind	Lépaud
place of birth	Alec Empire (born Alexander Wilke-Steinhof on 2 May 1972 in Charlottenburg, West Berlin) is a German musician who is best known as a founding member of the band Atari Teenage Riot.	Alec Empire	West Berlin
place of birth	Thomas Brdarić (Croatian pronunciation: (tômaz bř̩darit͡ɕ); born 23 January 1975 in Nürtingen, Baden-Württemberg) is a former German footballer of Croatian descent, who is now manager of TSV Steinbach.	Thomas Brdarić	Nürtingen
place of birth	John Haynes Holmes was born in Philadelphia on November 29, 1879, a descendent of John Holmes, gentleman of Colchester, Essex, Messenger of the General Court of Plymouth Colony and the executioner of Thomas Granger.	John Haynes Holmes	Philadelphia
place of birth	Napoleon III is best known today for his grand reconstruction of Paris, carried out by his prefect of the Seine Baron Haussmann.	Napoleon III	Paris
place of birth	Craig McDean (born 1964 in England) is a British fashion photographer originally from Middlewich near Manchester, but now based in New York City.	Craig McDean	Middlewich
place of birth	Jerome Corsi was born in East Cleveland, Ohio, to Louis E. Corsi, a union public relations director, and Alice Corsi, née Hanlon.	Jerome Corsi	East Cleveland
place of birth	François Bérenger Saunière was born on 11 April 1852 in Montazels, in the Arrondissement of Limoux of the Aude region.	Bérenger Saunière	Montazels
place of birth	Daniel Iftodi (born 11 February 1968 in Beștepe, Tulcea County) is a Romanian former football player, who played as a midfielder.	Daniel Iftodi	Beștepe
place of birth	Evyatar Baruchyan (Hebrew: אביתר ברוכיאן‎; born 24 August 1989) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Betar Nordia Jerusalem from Liga Gimel.	Evyatar Baruchyan	Jerusalem
place of birth	Joana Carneiro (born Joana Maria Amaro da Costa da Luz Carneiro, Lisbon, 30 September 1976), is a Portuguese conductor.	Joana Carneiro	Lisbon
place of birth	Cao Tianbao (Chinese: 曹添堡; pinyin: Cáo Tiānbǎo; born 3 April 1982 in Shenyang) is a Chinese football striker.He currently plays for Meizhou Wuhua in the China League Two.	Cao Tianbao	Shenyang
place of birth	Irina Konstantinova-Bontemps (Bulgarian: Ирина Константинова; born 10 July 1976 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian windsurfer, who specialized in Neil Pryde RS:	Irina Konstantinova	Sofia
place of birth	Brian McPhee (born 23 October 1970 in Glasgow, Scotland) is a Scottish footballer who currently plays as a striker for Wishaw Juniors in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Brian McPhee	Glasgow
place of birth	He was born in Odessa to attorney Vasili Ivanovitš Baranovsky and his wife Rosalia Malinovska Gavriil Baranovsky.	Gavriil Baranovsky	Odessa
place of birth	Arturo Herrera - Ruinas Circulares / Circular Ruins, Fundación D.O.P. & Fundación Odalys, Caracas 2010:	Arturo Herrera	Caracas
place of birth	Reinaldo Rueda Rivera (born April 16, 1957 in Cali) is a Colombian football manager who currently is in charge of the Atletico Nacional in the Colombian league.	Reinaldo Rueda	Cali
place of birth	Patricia Charbonneau was born in Valley Stream, New York on Long Island, the youngest of 10 children.	Patricia Charbonneau	Valley Stream, New York
place of birth	Ping Chong (Chinese: 張家平; pinyin: Zhāng Jiāpíng; born Toronto, Ontario, Canada, 1946) is an American contemporary theater director, choreographer, video and installation artist.	Ping Chong	Toronto
place of birth	Kim Poster (born 19 April 1957) is a London based theatre producer from New York.	Kim Poster	New York
place of birth	Zhu Jiawei (Chinese: 朱家伟; Pinyin: Zhū Jiāwěi, born 19 August 1990 in Xingning, Guangdong) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Shanghai Shenxin as a Midfielder.	Zhu Jiawei	Xingning
place of birth	Dorian N'Goma Bassinga (born May 15, 1988 in Amiens) is a French-born Congolese football striker last playing for AS Beauvais in the French Championnat National.	Dorian N'Goma	Amiens
place of birth	Ineta Radēviča (born 13 July 1981 in Krāslava, Soviet Union) is a retired Latvian athlete, competing in the long jump and triple jump.	Ineta Radēviča	Krāslava
place of birth	Born in Orihuela, Alicante, Verza finished his formation with Villarreal CF's youth system, going on to appear several years with the reserves in the lower leagues.	Verza	Orihuela
place of birth	Born in Selbach, Rio Grande do Sul, Marquinhos Gabriel joined Internacional's youth setup in 2007, after spells in -minor clubs of the same state.	Marquinhos Gabriel	Selbach, Rio Grande do Sul
place of birth	Separamadu Lasith Malinga (Sinhalese: සපරමාදු ලසිත් මාලිංග; born 28 August 1983), in Galle, popularly as Lasith Malinga, is a Sri Lankan cricketer and World T20 winning captain in 2014.	Lasith Malinga	Galle
place of birth	Radek Fukala (born 1963 in Karviná, Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic) is a Czech historian.	Radek Fukala	Karviná
place of birth	Philippe Dautzenberg (Ixelles, Brussels, 20 December 1849 - Paris, 9 May 1935) was a Belgian malacologist, a biologist who specializes in the branch of invertebrate zoology that deals with mollusks.	Philippe Dautzenberg	Ixelles
place of birth	Dainis Bremze or Dainis Bremse (born July 22, 1954 in Riga) was a Latvian Soviet luger who competed during the late 1970s.	Dainis Bremze	Riga
place of birth	Mons Ivar Mjelde (born 17 November 1967 in Osterøy) is a former footballer and is currently head coach for the Norwegian club Start.	Mons Ivar Mjelde	Osterøy
place of birth	Scott Colley (b. Nov. 24, 1963, Los Angeles, California) is an American jazz double bassist and composer.	Scott Colley	Los Angeles
place of birth	Count Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev-Ryumin (Михаи́л Петро́вич Бесту́жев-Рю́мин; 1688, Moscow -- 1760) was a Russian diplomat.	Mikhail Petrovich Bestuzhev-Ryumin	Moscow
place of birth	Chris McGroarty (born 6 February 1981 in Bellshill) is a Scottish professional footballer who is currently player-manager of Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region side Wishaw Juniors.	Chris McGroarty	Bellshill
place of birth	Andrew Ryan McGill, the son of Angeline (née Martin) and Charles McGill, was born in Saegertown, Pennsylvania, on February 19, 1840.	Andrew Ryan McGill	Saegertown
place of birth	Rabbi Yitzchok Zilber was born in Kazan, Russia, several months before the Russian Revolution in 1917.	Yitzchok Zilber	Kazan
place of birth	Roberto Ivens (Ponta Delgada, June 12, 1850, - January 28, 1898, Dafundo, Oeiras) was a Portuguese explorer of Africa, geographer, colonial administrator, and an officer of the Portuguese Navy.	Roberto Ivens	Ponta Delgada
place of birth	Laurent Cassegrain was born in the region of Chartres around 1629 and was the son of Mathurin Cassegrain and Jehanne Marquet.	Laurent Cassegrain	Chartres
place of birth	João Rodrigues de Castelo Branco, better known as Amato Lusitano and Amatus Lusitanus (1511--1568), was a notable Portuguese Jewish physician of the 16th century.	Amato Lusitano	Castelo Branco
place of birth	Milán Kalász (born 30 April 1992 in Ajka) is a Hungarian football player who currently free agent.	Milán Kalász	Ajka
place of birth	Berndt Wilhelm Schauman (1857--1911) was a Finnish industrialist, the most important in Jakobstad at the beginning of the 20th century.	Wilhelm Schauman	Jakobstad
place of birth	John Trout Greble (19 January 1834, Philadelphia -- 10 June 1861, Virginia) was a soldier in the United States Army.	John Trout Greble	Philadelphia
place of birth	Nabil Salameh, also known as Nabil or Nabil Bey (Tripoli, Lebanon, 1962), is a Palestinian singer, songwriter, musician, artist and journalist, founder of the world music bands Radiodervish and Al Darawish.	Nabil Salameh	Tripoli
place of birth	Greg Barton (born December 2, 1959 in Jackson, Michigan) is an American sprint kayaker who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s.	Greg Barton	Jackson
place of birth	John Justinian de Ledesma was born in London, England, the son of a well-off Argentine rancher.	John Justin	London
place of birth	Louis Barfe (born 13 June 1973 in Epsom, Surrey) is an English writer of non-fiction.	Louis Barfe	Epsom
place of birth	Hedwig Potthast was born on 5 February 1912 in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia as the daughter of a local businessman.	Hedwig Potthast	Cologne
place of birth	Judy Weiss (born May 31, 1972 in Berlin) is a German singer who became internationally renowned after singing ``Vivo per Lei'' with Andrea Bocelli in a German-Italian duet in 1996; while Weiss sang in German, Bocelli sang in Italian.	Judy Weiss	Berlin
place of birth	Raffaele Rossi was born in Pisa in 1876 and he entered the Discalced Carmelites on 3 October 1887.	Raffaele Rossi	Pisa
place of birth	Born in Recife, Dani Lins defended for Finasa/Osasco from 2003 to 2005, moving to Pinheiros/Blue Life for the 2005-06 season, then joining Unilever in 2006.	Dani Lins	Recife
place of birth	Marcantonio Bobba was born in Casale Monferrato, the son of Palatine Count Alberto Bobba.	Marcantonio Bobba	Casale Monferrato
place of birth	Marilyn and Rosalyn Borden were born in Hartford, Connecticut on May 29, 1932 to Harry (1906--1973) and Elizabeth Borden (1909--1995) and would be followed by a younger sister, Barbara, in 1945.	Rosalyn Borden	Hartford
place of birth	Commonly known as Jacques Benedict, he was born in Chicago in 1879, and he studied architecture at the École des Beaux-Arts.	Jacques Benedict	Chicago
place of birth	Dmitry Galkovsky was born in Moscow in a working-class family, his father being an engineer, and his mother a tailor.	Dmitry Galkovsky	Moscow
place of birth	Sarolta Zalatnay (born Charlotte Sacher in Budapest, December 17, 1947) is a Hungarian pop singer.	Sarolta Zalatnay	Budapest
place of birth	Raphael Grinage (aka Les Grinage) was born in Cleveland, Ohio on January 4, 1931, the third of four sons.	Raphael Grinage	Cleveland
place of birth	Youssouf Kanté (born August 13, 1984 in Paris) is a French footballer who recently played for FC Baulmes.	Youssouf Kanté	Paris
place of birth	Bjarte Engeset (born 25 August 1958 in Ørsta) is a Norwegian classical conductor.	Bjarte Engeset	Ørsta
place of birth	Ivan Vrdoljak was born in on June 22, 1972 in Osijek, where he finished elementary school, gymnasium (Specialized in Mathematics-Informatics education) and the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, where he graduated in electrical engineering.	Ivan Vrdoljak	Osijek
place of birth	Adolf Lorenz (April 21,1854 - February 12, 1946) was an Austrian orthopedic surgeon who was a native of Weidenau, Austrian Silesia (today Vidnava, Czech Silesia).	Adolf Lorenz	Vidnava
place of birth	Born in Diadema, São Paulo, to Ladislao and Regina Marinho, David Luiz arrived in Esporte Clube Vitória after being released by São Paulo FC, and started playing as a defensive midfielder, almost leaving the club for his poor performances in that position.	David Luiz	Diadema, São Paulo
place of birth	Charles Rockwell Lanman was born in Norwich, Connecticut, the eighth of the nine children of Peter Lanman III and Catherine (Cook) Lanman on July 8, 1850.	Charles Rockwell Lanman	Norwich, Connecticut
place of birth	Paul Goldschmidt was born in Wilmington, Delaware, and grew up in The Woodlands, Texas, a suburb of Houston.	Paul Goldschmidt	Wilmington
place of birth	Dino Delevski (born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is an American soccer player of Macedonian descent.	Dino Delevski	Skopje
place of birth	Jérémie Rodrigues (born 1 November 1980 in Schiltigheim) is a French footballer who plays as a right defender.	Jérémie Rodrigues	Schiltigheim
place of birth	Jasmeet Kaur Randhawa, a.k.a. Jesse Randhawa, was born on August 11, 1975 in Jaipur to Mehar and Narinder Singh Randhawa.	Jesse Randhawa	Jaipur
place of birth	James Nesmith was born in New Brunswick, Canada while his parents were on a visit from their home in Washington County, Maine, on July 23, 1820.	James Nesmith	New Brunswick
place of birth	Miloš Bosančić (Serbian: Милош Босанчић; born 22 May 1988 in Ruma) is a Serbian footballer.who currently plays for Hangzhou Greentown in the Chinese Super League.	Miloš Bosančić	Ruma
place of birth	Thorsten Wittek (born December 31, 1976 in Berlin) is a German football player, he plays for CS Grevenmacher.	Thorsten Wittek	Berlin
place of birth	Elizabeth Hanna spent her early years in Ottawa, where she graduated from Glebe Collegiate Institute.	Elizabeth Hanna	Ottawa
place of birth	Torsten Reißmann (born February 23, 1956 in Potsdam -- October 8, 2009) was an East German judoka who competed in the late 1970s and the early 1980s.	Torsten Reißmann	Potsdam
place of birth	Christos Tomaras (Greek: Χρήστος Τομαράς, born 14 January 1989) is an Australian-Greek footballer currently playing for Sydney Olympic in the National Premier Leagues NSW as a striker.	Christos Tomaras	Sydney
place of birth	Born in Buenos Aires to Slovene parents who escaped from the communist takeover of Slovenia, Bernarda Fink studied at the ``Instituto Superior de Arte del Teatro Colón'' in Buenos Aires.	Bernarda Fink	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Charles-Édouard Chaise (1759, Paris - 1798, Fontainebleau) was a French neoclassical painter.	Charles-Édouard Chaise	Paris
place of birth	Alberto Sánchez Martínez (born 8 October 1980 in Herrera de Pisuerga, Palencia), known as Chupri, is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a right back.	Chupri	Herrera de Pisuerga
place of birth	Krant M. L. Verma was born to Ram Dulari and Ram Lal on 20 December 1947 in the village Tilokpur, Shahjahanpur district, Uttar Pradesh.	Krant M. L. Verma	Shahjahanpur
place of birth	David Lasky (born December 8, 1967 in Washington, D.C.) is an alternative cartoonist based in Seattle, Washington.	David Lasky	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Leslie Djhone (born March 18, 1981 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast) is a French track and field athlete who competes in the 400 metres and 4 x 400 metres relay.	Leslie Djhone	Abidjan
place of birth	Attila Kriston (born 6 June 1975 in Budapest) is a Hungarian professional football player who is currently UFC Strallegg.	Attila Kriston	Budapest
place of birth	Andy Stanfield was born in Washington, D.C., but moved to Jersey City as a child.	Andy Stanfield	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Simeone Tagliavia d'Aragonia was born in Castelvetrano, a family fief near Mazara del Vallo, Kingdom of Sicily on May 20, 1550, the son of Carlo d'Aragona Tagliavia, Viceroy of Sicily, and his wife Margherita Ventimiglia.	Simeone Tagliavia d'Aragonia	Sicily
place of birth	Samba Diawara (born 15 March 1978 in Paris) is a Malian football player, who currently plays for AFC Tubize in Belgium.	Samba Diawara	Paris
place of birth	Alan Warboys (born 18 April 1949 in Goldthorpe) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Alan Warboys	Goldthorpe
place of birth	Joseph Yannick M'Boné (born 16 April 1993 in Yaoundé) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for the French club Étoile Fréjus Saint-Raphaël on loan from Caen.	Yannick M'Boné	Yaoundé
place of birth	Frank Andersen (born 15 April 1953 in Copenhagen) is a former Danish ballet dancer who was twice artistic director of the Royal Danish Ballet.	Frank Andersen	Copenhagen
place of birth	Simone Ponzi (born 17 January 1987 in Manerbio) is an Italian road bicycle racer who rides for UCI Professional Continental Team Southeast Pro Cycling.	Simone Ponzi	Manerbio
place of birth	Frank Sepe (born December 28, 1971 in Rosedale, New York) is an American fitness author, magazine editor, TV personality, and a fitness model of Italian and German descent.	Frank Sepe	Rosedale
place of birth	Mohamed Boudchiche (Arabic: محمد بودشيش‎; born February 24, 1962 in Oran) is an Algerian former boxer who fought in the heavyweight division.	Mohamed Boudchiche	Oran
place of birth	Uwe Ackermann (born 12 September 1960 in Zwickau, Saxony) is a retired East German hurdler.	Uwe Ackermann	Zwickau
place of birth	Jackie Plenderleith (born 6 October 1937 in Bellshill) is a Scottish former footballer, who played for Hibernian, Manchester City and Queen of the South amongst others.	Jackie Plenderleith	Bellshill
place of birth	Leah was born Rachelle Leah San Filippo on August 20, 1984 in San Carlos, California, and began modeling professionally at age 18.	Rachelle Leah	San Carlos
place of birth	Gerald O'Hara was born in the Green Ridge section of Scranton, Pennsylvania, to Patrick James and Margaret (née Carney) O'Hara.	Gerald O'Hara	Scranton
place of birth	Liz Larsen (born January 16, 1959) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania is an American actress.	Liz Larsen	Philadelphia
place of birth	Born in Stefanaconi, Italy, on July 13, 1928, Joseph Lopreato was a sociobiologist, a social theorist, and a professor of sociology.	Joseph Lopreato	Stefanaconi
place of birth	Marko Zalaznik (born 7 October 1994) is a football midfielder from Slovenia who plays for Vir.	Marko Zalaznik	Slovenia
place of birth	Rebecca Brandewyne née Wadsworth (born March 4, 1955 in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States) is an American bestselling writer of romance novels.	Rebecca Brandewyne	Knoxville
place of birth	In the middle of the night, on January 14, 1929, Amanullah Khan handed over his kingship to his brother Inayatullah Khan Seraj and tried to secretly escape Kabul towards Kandahar.	Inayatullah Khan	Kabul
place of birth	Zhou Qiming (Chinese: 周其明; born 14 January 1993 in Sichuan) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Tianjin Teda as a Midfielder.	Zhou Qiming	Sichuan
place of birth	Kendall Francois (July 26, 1971 -- September 11, 2014) was an American serial killer from Poughkeepsie, New York, convicted of killing eight women, from 1996 to 1998.	Kendall Francois	Poughkeepsie
place of birth	Georg Desmarées or Des Marées, a portrait painter, was born in 1697 at Stockholm, where he was instructed in painting by Martin Meytens, whose assistant he afterwards became.	Georg Desmarées	Stockholm
place of birth	Frank Bidart (born May 27, 1939 in Bakersfield, California) is an American academic and poet.	Frank Bidart	Bakersfield	California
place of birth	Dylan Kuo was born in Taipei, Taiwan on June 8, 1977, the youngest of a two-child family.	Dylan Kuo	Taipei
place of birth	Bryce Soderberg was born in Victoria, British Columbia, and raised just outside Victoria in the Municipality of Sooke.	Bryce Soderberg	Victoria
place of birth	Keeseekoowenin was born around 1818 in the Bow River area of what is now the province of Alberta.	Keeseekoowenin	Bow River
place of birth	Sally Rogers (born 12 October 1964 in Manchester) is an English actress currently best known for her role as Sgt. Jo Masters in ITV's The Bill.	Sally Rogers	Manchester
place of birth	Steve DiGiorgio (born November 7, 1967, Waukegan, Illinois) is an American musician.	Steve DiGiorgio	Waukegan
place of birth	Hermann Fernau was born in Breslau (now called Wrocław), in the Prussian Province of Silesia.	Hermann Fernau	Wrocław
place of birth	Ivan Gazidis (born 13 September 1964 in Johannesburg) is currently the chief executive of English Premier League club Arsenal Football Club.	Ivan Gazidis	Johannesburg
place of birth	Eva Avila (born Eva Gougeon-Ávila on February 25, 1987 in Gatineau, Quebec) is a Canadian singer and songwriter.	Eva Avila	Gatineau
place of birth	Matías Britos Cardoso (born November 26, 1988 in San Carlos), commonly known as Matías Britos, is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a striker for UNAM in the Mexican Primera División.	Matías Britos	San Carlos
place of birth	Born in Cologne on 23 November 1914, Bruno Kahl commenced his military career in July 1933 after the usual service with the Reichsarbeitsdienst.	Bruno Kahl	Cologne
place of birth	MC HotDog (Chinese: 姚中仁; pinyin: Yáo Zhōngrén; Wade--Giles: Yao Chung-jen, born April 10, 1978, Taipei) is a Taiwanese rap artist known for his use of explicit lyrics in his songs.	MC HotDog	Taipei
place of birth	Neil Critchley (born 18 October 1978) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Crewe Alexandra.	Neil Critchley	Crewe
place of birth	Daniele Ragatzu (born 21 September 1991 in Cagliari) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Serie B club Virtus Lanciano on loan from Verona.	Daniele Ragatzu	Cagliari
place of birth	Alberto Molinari (born Rome, April 14, 1965) is an Italian actor, producer, and director, mainly of documentary films.	Alberto Molinari	Rome
place of birth	Youssouf Hadji (Arabic: يوسف حجي‎, born 25 February 1980 in Ifrane Atlas-Saghir) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AS Nancy.	Youssouf Hadji	Ifrane
place of birth	Peter Paul Dobree (26 June 1782 -- 24 September 1825), English classical scholar and critic, was born in Guernsey.	Peter Paul Dobree	Guernsey
place of birth	Gloria D. Miklowitz (May 18, 1927 in New York City -- January 20, 2015 in Pasadena, California) was an American author of more than 60 fiction and non-fiction books for young adults.	Gloria D. Miklowitz	New York City
place of birth	Carole Ita White was born in New York City, to actors Jesse White and Celia (``Simmy'') Cohn.	Carole Ita White	New York City
place of birth	Gilbert Renault was born in Vannes, France, the oldest child of a Catholic family of nine children.	Gilbert Renault	Vannes
place of birth	Inge Brück (born 12 October 1936 in Mannheim) is a German singer and actress, best known internationally for her participation in the 1967 Eurovision Song Contest.	Inge Brück	Mannheim
place of birth	Anitra Ford (born January 13, 1942 in California) is an American actress, model, poet, and photographer.	Anitra Ford	California
place of birth	Seppo Lehto (born 6 September 1962 in Kuru) is a Finnish nationalist, currently living in Tampere.	Seppo Lehto	Kuru
place of birth	Tunku Abdul Rahman was born on 8 February 1903, in Alor Setar, Kedah, the seventh son of Sultan Abdul Hamid Halim Shah, the twenty-fifth ruler of the Kedah Sultanate.	Tunku Abdul Rahman	Alor Setar
place of birth	Stella Grace La Rue was born in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1882 to Mrs. Lucy L. Parsons.	Grace La Rue	Kansas City
place of birth	Durga McBroom (born October 16, 1962 in California) is an American singer and actress, she has performed backing vocals for Pink Floyd and was a member of Blue Pearl.	Durga McBroom	California
place of birth	Neeraj Pandey was born and brought up in a Brahmin family in Kolkata.	Neeraj Pandey	Kolkata
place of birth	Giancarlo Volpe (born July 31, 1974 in Tacoma, Washington) is an Italian American animator, director, producer and comic creator.	Giancarlo Volpe	Tacoma
place of birth	Adrian Lambert (born 26 April 1972 in Brighton) is an English bassist and songwriter who currently plays for thrash metal band Biomechanical and progressive rock band Son of Science.	Adrian Lambert	Brighton
place of birth	Sabir Ali (born in Haryana) is a former Indian decathlete.	Sabir Ali	Haryana
place of birth	Salim Iles (born May 14, 1975 in Oran) is an Algerian swimmer who competes in the freestyle events.	Salim Iles	Oran
place of birth	Luc Deleu is a Belgian architect, urbanist and artist born in 1944 in Duffel.	Luc Deleu	Duffel
place of birth	Born James Alan Polster to Harold and Ethel Polster in Cleveland, Ohio.	James Alan Polster	Cleveland
place of birth	Andrew Toovey (b. 1962 London) is a classical composer, and recipient of composition awards including the Tippett Prize, Terra Nova Prize, the Bernard Shore Viola Composition Award and an RVW Trust Award.	Andrew Toovey	London
place of birth	Artsvi Bakhchinyan (b. 1971, Yerevan) is an Armenian philologist, film researcher, Armenologist, Doctor of philology.	Artsvi Bakhchinyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Born in Sabinas, Coahuila, on March 26, 1904, Emilio Fernández Romo was the son of a revolutionary general and a woman descendant of Kickapoo Indians.	Emilio Fernández	Coahuila
place of birth	Klaus Tennstedt (German: (ˈtɛnʃtɛt); June 6, 1926 -- January 11, 1998) was a German conductor from Merseburg; he conducted such orchestras as the Swedish Radio Symphony Orchestra;	Klaus Tennstedt	Merseburg
place of birth	Jure Primorac (born December 10, 1981 in Split, Croatia) is a Croatian-born French professional football player of Croatian descent.	Jure Primorac	Split
place of birth	Marie-Hélène Prémont (born October 24, 1977 in Quebec City, Quebec) is a Canadian cross-country mountain biker with the Rocky Mountain Bicycles factory team for 2012.	Marie-Hélène Prémont	Quebec City
place of birth	Bernhard Heiden (b. Frankfurt-am-Main, August 24, 1910; d. Bloomington, IN, April 30, 2000) was a German and American composer and music teacher, who studied under and was heavily influenced by Paul Hindemith.	Bernhard Heiden	Frankfurt
place of birth	Viktor Kratasyuk (January 30, 1949 in Poti, Georgian SSR - March 18, 2003) is a Soviet-born Georgian sprint canoer who competed in the early 1970s.	Viktor Kratasyuk	Poti
place of birth	John Schwert (born November 20, 1975) is a film and commercial director and producer born in Fredonia, New York and owner/operator of Fourth Ward Productions.	John Schwert	Fredonia
place of birth	Christian B. Woodruff (born 1829 in New York City) was an American politician from New York.	Christian B. Woodruff	New York City
place of birth	Miloš Veselý (born May 6, 1972 in Liberec) is a Czech bobsledder who has competed since 1997.	Miloš Veselý	Liberec
place of birth	W. Clark Durant (born May 13, 1949) is co-founder and former CEO of the Cornerstone Schools (Michigan), a group of charter and independent schools in the inner city of Detroit.	Clark Durant	Detroit
place of birth	Deni Lušić (born 14 April 1962 in Split) is a Croatian water polo coach and former water polo player.	Deni Lušić	Split
place of birth	Denys Watkins-Pitchford was born in Lamport, Northamptonshire, the second son of the Revd.	Denys Watkins-Pitchford	Northamptonshire
place of birth	Jochen Bohl (born 19 April 1950 in Lüdenscheid) is the bishop of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church of Saxony having been in office since 2004.	Jochen Bohl	Lüdenscheid
place of birth	Elodie Keene (born April 10, 1949 in Paso Robles, California) is an American film/television director, producer and editor.	Elodie Keene	Paso Robles, California
place of birth	Roman Avramenko (born March 23, 1988 in Kirovske) is a Ukrainian javelin thrower.	Roman Avramenko	Kirovske
place of birth	Aleksandar Jović (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Joвић ; born 13 April 1972 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football coach and a former international player.	Aleksandar Jović	Belgrade
place of birth	Platon Drakoulis (Greek: Πλάτων Δρακούλης, Ithaca 1858 -- United Kingdom 1934) was a Greek socialist politician.	Platon Drakoulis	Ithaca
place of birth	Christophe Pélissier (29 April 1728 -- before October 1779) (sometimes spelled Pellissier) was born in the parish of Saint-Pierre et Saint-Saturnin, Lyons, France, the son of François-Christophe Pélissier, a merchant, and Agathe Martaud La Rigaudière.	Christophe Pélissier	France
place of birth	Ernst Zermelo graduated from Berlin's Luisenstädtisches Gymnasium in 1889.	Ernst Zermelo	Berlin
place of birth	Dimitrios Papadimoulis (Greek: Δημήτρης Παπαδημούλης; born 21 March 1955 in Athens) is a Greek politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) as a member of the European United Left-Nordic Green Left.	Dimitrios Papadimoulis	Athens
place of birth	Michael Vatikiotis (born July 30, 1957 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is a writer and journalist working in Southeast Asia since 1987.	Michael Vatikiotis	Indianapolis
place of birth	Modeste Gnakpa (born October 17, 1988 in Abidjan), is a French-Ivorian footballer.	Modeste Gnakpa	Abidjan
place of birth	Souha Bechara was born in Deir Mimas, Lebanon and raised in an Eastern Orthodox family.	Souha Bechara	Deir Mimas
place of birth	Nurduran Duman (born 23 October 1974, in Çan-Çanakkale) is a Turkish poet, writer, essayist, translator.	Nurduran Duman	Çanakkale
place of birth	John Sunseri (born March 11, 1969) is a horror writer from Portland, Oregon in the United States.	John Sunseri	Portland
place of birth	Zorbeg Ebralidze (Georgian: ზორბეგ ებრალიძე) (born 20 September 1944 in Lanchkhuti), is a former Georgian football defender and coach.	Zorbeg Ebralidze	Lanchkhuti
place of birth	Matan Barashi (Hebrew: מתן בראשי‎; born 6 May 1988 in Jerusalem) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Hod HaSharon.	Matan Barashi	Jerusalem
place of birth	Philip Sayer was born on 26 October 1946 in Swansea, the son of Thomas Henry and Myra Sayer.	Philip Sayer	Swansea
place of birth	Vojtěch Preissig was born on 31 July 1873 in Světec, northern Bohemia.	Vojtěch Preissig	Světec
place of birth	Vasil Slavov (Cyrillic: Васил Славов) is a Bulgarian author and poet, born on 25 February 1958 in Sofia, Bulgaria.	Vasil Slavov	Sofia
place of birth	Gaetano Manno (born 26 July 1982 in Hagen) is a German footballer of Italian descent who plays for Wuppertaler SV.	Gaetano Manno	Hagen
place of birth	General Abdul Wahid Baba Jan, an ethnic Tajik from Parwan province and better known simply as ``General Babajan'', was a member of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan during the presidency of Dr. Najibullah.	Abdul Wahid Baba Jan	Afghanistan
place of birth	Andrew Ornoch (born 21 August 1985 in Warsaw) is a Polish-born Canadian professional footballer who currently plays for Vaughan Azzurri, in League1 Ontario.	Andrew Ornoch	Warsaw
place of birth	Born to an itinerant Jewish musician in Podgórze near Kraków, Ignaz Friedman was a child prodigy.	Ignaz Friedman	Podgórze
place of birth	Ognjen Lekić (Serbian Cyrillic: Огњен Лекић, born 7 January 1982 in Šabac), is a Serbian professional football player.	Ognjen Lekić	Šabac
place of birth	Tom Heathcote (born 11 February 1992 in Inverness) is a rugby union player for Scotland and Edinburgh in the Pro 12.	Tom Heathcote	Inverness
place of birth	``The inquiry remains concerned at the conflict of interest that it believes existed between Craig Allardyce, his father Sam Allardyce -- the then manager at Bolton -- and the club itself.''	Craig Allardyce	Bolton
place of birth	Bernhard Eisenstuck (20 September 1805, Annaberg-Buchholz, Electorate of Saxony -- 5 April 1871), factory co-owner and president of the Chenmitz town council, was a prominent agitator for a trade policy, when only in the sense of a protective tariff.	Bernhard Eisenstuck	Annaberg-Buchholz
place of birth	John Mariano (born August 5, 1960 in Astoria, New York) is an American actor who has worked in film, television, animation and nightclubs.	John Mariano	Astoria
place of birth	Lev Biryuk was born on May 31, 1946, in Horodnia, Chernihiv region.	Lev Biryuk	Horodnia
place of birth	Pietro Ghislandi (born 19 April 1957 in Bergamo) is an Italian actor.	Pietro Ghislandi	Bergamo
place of birth	Oier Zearra Garabieta, also known as Zearra (born in Galdakao, Biscay on January 12, 1977), is a Basque pelota player for Asegarce company.	Oier Zearra	Galdakao
place of birth	Séamus McFerran (January 10, 1916 -- August 31, 1968 in Belfast), was the 18th president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (1955--1958).	Séamus McFerran	Belfast
place of birth	Robert Theobald was born in India in 1929, the son of a British businessman.	Robert Theobald	India
place of birth	Born in Istanbul, Alexander Bogoridi was the youngest son of one of the most influential persons in the Ottoman Empire --	Alexander Bogoridi	Istanbul
place of birth	Safi Belghomari (Arabic: صافي بالغمر‎; born 3 February 1979 in Béni Saf) is an Algerian professional footballer.	Safi Belghomari	Béni Saf
place of birth	Patrick Gerritsen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈpɑtrɪk ˈɣɛrɪtsə(n))) (born 13 March 1987 in Oldenzaal) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for Topklasse side Excelsior '31.	Patrick Gerritsen	Oldenzaal
place of birth	Giampiero Mazzi (born in Frascati, 14 October 1974) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach.	Giampiero Mazzi	Frascati
place of birth	Pietro Borradori (Milan, 1965) is an Italian composer and entrepreneur.	Pietro Borradori	Milan
place of birth	Pavla Kalná (née Habartová) (born November 14, 1982 in Planá) is a Czech sport shooter.	Pavla Kalná	Planá
place of birth	Ted Walker was born in Lancing, West Sussex, the son of a carpenter from Worcestershire who had found work in the south-coast construction industry.	Ted Walker	Lancing
place of birth	Prince Ananda Mahidol Mahidol was born in Heidelberg, Germany.	Ananda Mahidol	Heidelberg
place of birth	Francesco Masciarelli (born 5 May 1986 in Pescara) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who last rode for the Astana team.	Francesco Masciarelli	Pescara
place of birth	Ivan Bunin was born on his parental estate in Voronezh province in Central Russia, the third and youngest son of Aleksey Nikolayevich Bunin (1827--1906) and Lyudmila Aleksandrovna Bunina (née Chubarova, 1835--1910).	Ivan Bunin	Voronezh
place of birth	Dolores Puthod, born in 1934 in Milan from Italian-French parents, is an Italian painter.	Dolores Puthod	Milan
place of birth	Alexandre-Jean-Baptiste-Guy de Gisors (20 September 1762 -- 6 May 1835) was a French architect, a member of the Gisors family of architects and prominent government administrators responsible for the construction and preservation of many public buildings in Paris.	Guy de Gisors	Paris
place of birth	Vlad Kozlov (also known as Vladislav Kozlov and Vlad Alex Kozlov) was born in Moscow in the former Soviet Union.	Vlad Kozlov	Moscow
place of birth	Howard Thurston (July 20, 1869 -- April 13, 1936) was a stage magician from Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Howard Thurston	Columbus
place of birth	Slavko Labović (born November 17, 1962, in Kolašin, PR Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian-Danish actor most popular for the role as a Serbian gangster in the Pusher trilogy.	Slavko Labović	Kolašin
place of birth	A native of Sens in the Bourgogne région, Édouard Charton trained as a lawyer, receiving his degree at the age of 20.	Édouard Charton	Sens
place of birth	Igor Sartori (born January 8, 1993, in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian born Striker, he currently plays for Red Bull Brasil, on loan from Flamengo.	Igor Sartori	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Artem Simonyan (born 20 February 1995 in Saint-Petersburg, Russia) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a right winger for Zürich.	Artem Simonyan	Saint-Petersburg
place of birth	Erik Verlinde was born in the Dutch village of Woudenberg on January 21, 1962, together with his identical twin brother, Herman Verlinde.	Erik Verlinde	Woudenberg
place of birth	Ma Yansong (Chinese: 马岩松; pinyin: Mǎ Yánsōng; born in 1975 in Beijing) is a Chinese architect and founder of MAD architects.	Ma Yansong	Beijing
place of birth	Yvan Lebourgeois (born October 26, 1962 in Noyers-Bocage) is a French retired football defender.	Yvan Lebourgeois	Noyers-Bocage
place of birth	Primož Kozak was born in Ljubljana, in what was then the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, to a prominent left liberal intellectual family.	Primož Kozak	Ljubljana
place of birth	Scott Calderwood (born 11 March 1978 in Birmingham, England) is a retired Scottish professional footballer, the son of Jimmy Calderwood.	Scott Calderwood	Birmingham
place of birth	Vujadin Popović (14 March 1957, Popovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina) is a Bosnian Serb who participated in the War in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vujadin Popović	Popovići
place of birth	Betiana Blum (born in Charata, Chaco in 1939 as Bety Ana Blum) is an Argentine actress.	Betiana Blum	Charata
place of birth	Gregory Burke (born 1968) is a Scottish playwright from Rosyth, Fife, Scotland.	Gregory Burke	Rosyth
place of birth	Alden Nowlan was born into rural poverty in Stanley, Nova Scotia, adjacent to Mosherville, and close to the small town of Windsor, Nova Scotia, along a stretch of dirt road that he would later refer to as Desolation Creek.	Alden Nowlan	Stanley, Nova Scotia
place of birth	Natnael Berhane (born 5 January 1991 in Asmara) is an Eritrean professional road bicycle racer for UCI Professional Continental team MTN-Qhubeka.	Natnael Berhane	Asmara
place of birth	Andrea Gadaldi (born August 25, 1907 in Leno) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Andrea Gadaldi	Leno
place of birth	Jana Doleželová (born 23 June 1981 in Šternberk, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech actress, model, pharmacist and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Czech Republic as a 22-year-old and was a semi-finalist in Miss World 2004 in China.	Jana Doleželová	Šternberk
place of birth	Viktoria Wolffhardt (born 26 June 1994 in Tulln an der Donau) is an Austrian slalom canoeist who has competed since 2009.	Viktoria Wolffhardt	Tulln an der Donau
place of birth	Roald Dahl was born in 1916 at Villa Marie, Fairwater Road, in Llandaff, Cardiff, Wales to Norwegian parents, Harald Dahl and Sofie Magdalene Dahl (née Hesselberg).	Roald Dahl	Llandaff
place of birth	Dick Platt was an English footballer who played as a right back for Huyton Quarry, Tranmere Rovers and Northampton Town.	Dick Platt	Huyton
place of birth	Milan Božić (born January 23, 1982, Toronto) is a Canadian football player of Serbian origin.	Milan Božić	Toronto
place of birth	Adam Mickiewicz was born 24 December 1798, either at his paternal uncle's estate in Zaosie (now Zavosse) near Navahrudak (in Polish, Nowogródek) or in Navahrudak itself in what was then part of the Russian Empire and is now Belarus.	Adam Mickiewicz	Zavosse
place of birth	Giovanni Antonio Guadagni was born in 1674 into a wealthy noble family in Florence which was at the time under the rule of the House of Medici.	Giovanni Antonio Guadagni	Florence
place of birth	Born in Privas (Ardèche), Marcel Astier was the son of parliamentarian François Astier.	Marcel Astier	Privas
place of birth	Sam Chegini (Persian: سام چگینی) is an award winning Iranian artist born in Tehran in 1992 in an artistic family.	Sam Chegini	Tehran
place of birth	David Isay grew up in New Haven, Connecticut, and Manhattan, New York.	David Isay	New Haven, Connecticut
place of birth	Guido Beck (August 29, 1903 -- October 21, 1988) was a physicist born in what was then the town of Reichenberg in the Kingdom of Bohemia (Austria-Hungary), and is now Liberec in the Czech Republic.	Guido Beck	Liberec
place of birth	Adolphe Kégresse (1879, Héricourt, Haute-Saône - 1943) was a French military engineer, inventor of the half-track and dual clutch transmission.	Adolphe Kégresse	Héricourt
place of birth	Manoel Miluir Macedo Cunha (born 15 April 1948 in Pedro Avelino) is a Brazilian professional football manager.	Manoel Miluir	Pedro Avelino
place of birth	Enrico Toccacelo (born 14 December 1978 in Rome) is an Italian auto racer with karting, GT and Formula 3000 experience.	Enrico Toccacelo	Rome
place of birth	Rajab Mwinyi (born January 10, 1984 in Bujumbura) is a Burundian midfield player who plays for Simba SC in Dar es Salaam.	Rajab Mwinyi	Bujumbura
place of birth	Ruslana Pysanka (Ukrainian: Руслана Писанка), born Ruslana Ihorivna Pysanko on 17 November 1965 in Kiev, is a Ukrainian actress and cinematographer.	Ruslana Pysanka	Kiev
place of birth	Günter Weigand (born in 1924 in Olsztyn, East Prussia) is a self-proclaimed ``social lawyer'' (Sozialanwalt), economist and amateur prosecutor who became victim of a judicial and psychiatric scandal.	Günter Weigand	Olsztyn
place of birth	Kim Deitch (born May 21, 1944 in Los Angeles) is an American cartoonist who was an important figure in the underground comix movement of the 1960s, remaining active in the decades that followed with a variety of books and comics, sometimes using the pseudonym Fowlton Means.	Kim Deitch	Los Angeles
place of birth	Naseem Pashtoon Sharifi, a businessman, and major independent newspaper, media and advertising company owner, in Kandahar is reported to have been driven out of Afghanistan by these methods and went public with major and detailed accusations against Qayum Karzai and his associates.	Qayum Karzai	Kandahar
place of birth	Farideh Mostafavi studied Islamic studies at home as well as in several maktabs of Qom in the 1970s.	Farideh Mostafavi	Qom
place of birth	Arthur Cullin was a British actor of the silent era who was born in Kensington, London.	Arthur Cullin	Kensington
place of birth	Jonathan Antoine (born 13 January 1995), is a classically-trained concert tenor from Hainault, Essex.	Jonathan Antoine	Essex
place of birth	Dragutin Ristić (born 5 August 1964 in Pula) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a striker, currently coach of Kras.	Dragutin Ristić	Pula
place of birth	Kourosh Bagheri (Persian: كوروش باقری‎, born January 1, 1977 in Kermanshah) is a former Iranian weightlifter who won the gold medal in the Men's 94 kg weight class at the 2001 World Weightlifting Championships.	Kourosh Bagheri	Kermanshah
place of birth	Jimmy Fagg (born 1929 in Gravesend, Kent) is an English stand-up comedian, musician and actor.	Jimmy Fagg	Gravesend
place of birth	Perri Lister was born in London, England on 10 April 1959, the daughter of Bert Lister, a stage manager, dresser and chauffeur, by his third wife, stage actress Gail Kendall.	Perri Lister	London
place of birth	Agustín Viana (born 23 August 1983 in Chicago) is an American-born Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Danubio of the Uruguayan Primera División.	Agustín Viana	Chicago
place of birth	Cratylus is mentioned in Aristotle's Metaphysics in a passage which seems to imply that Cratylus was an established and active philosopher in Athens during the mid-late 5th century, and that Plato himself became briefly interested in his work prior to aligning with Socrates.	Cratylus	Athens
place of birth	Agustín Canalda (born 18 April 1977, in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine rugby union footballer.	Agustín Canalda	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Ahmad Salamatian (born 1941, Isfahan) is a former Iranian politician.	Ahmad Salamatian	Isfahan
place of birth	Monty Roberts was born in Salinas, California and is the son of horse trainer Marvin E Roberts, who authored his own self-published book called ``Horse and Horseman Training'' in 1957.	Monty Roberts	Salinas
place of birth	Jochen Schümann (born 8 June 1954 in East Berlin) is a German sailor and olympic champion.	Jochen Schümann	Berlin
place of birth	Bibiana Steinhaus (born 24 March 1979 in Bad Lauterberg) is a German football referee.	Bibiana Steinhaus	Bad Lauterberg
place of birth	Glen Crowe (born 25 December 1977 in Dublin) is an Irish professional football forward who currently plays for Malahide United in the Leinster Senior League.	Glen Crowe	Dublin
place of birth	Myra Keaton was born Myra Edith Cutler in Modale, Iowa; the daughter of Frank Luke Cutler (1849--1935) and Sarah Elizabeth (née Shaffer; 1850--1887).	Myra Keaton	Modale, Iowa
place of birth	Born in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, then a part of the Russian Empire, Emjo Basshe immigrated to the United States in 1912, at the age of 14.	Emjo Basshe	Vilnius
place of birth	Frederick Benteen was born August 24, 1834, in Petersburg, Virginia to Theodore Charles Benteen and his wife Caroline (Hargrove) Benteen.	Frederick Benteen	Petersburg
place of birth	Mark Fitzloff (born February 3, 1971 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American advertising creative director.	Mark Fitzloff	Milwaukee
place of birth	Elaine Joyce Pinchot was born in Kansas City, Missouri of Hungarian ancestry.	Elaine Joyce	Kansas City
place of birth	Theodore Ziolkowski (born 1932 in Birmingham, Alabama), is a scholar in the fields of German studies and comparative literature.	Theodore Ziolkowski	Birmingham
place of birth	Rahmane Barry (born 30 June 1986 in Dakar) is a Senegalese football player who is speculated to be a free agent at present.	Rahmane Barry	Dakar
place of birth	Cristóvão Borges dos Santos, or simply Cristóvão (born 9 June 1959 in Salvador, Bahia) is a former Brazilian football player at the position of Midfielder.	Cristóvão Borges	Salvador
place of birth	Rhea Haines (October 2, 1894 -- March 12, 1964) was a silent film actress from Indiana.	Rhea Haines	Indiana
place of birth	Stuart McCall was born on 10 June 1964 in Leeds, England, to Scottish parents Andy, a former professional footballer, and Jean McCall.	Stuart McCall	Leeds
place of birth	Edwin Markham was born in Oregon City, Oregon, and was the youngest of 10 children; his parents divorced shortly after his birth.	Edwin Markham	Oregon City
place of birth	Born in Mataró, Barcelona, Catalonia, to Gambian parents, Bacari played for four clubs as a youth (all in his native region, mainly RCD Espanyol), finishing his formation with CE Mataró and starting his career as a central defender, being known as Buba.	Bacari	Mataró
place of birth	Raphaël Nadé (born 18 October 1980 in Abidjan, Côte d'Ivoire) is a professional footballer who holds dual nationality with Côte d'Ivoire and France.	Raphaël Nadé	Abidjan
place of birth	Ben Spies (/ˈbɛn ˈspiːz/; born July 11, 1984 in Memphis, Tennessee), also known as ``Elbowz'' due to his riding style where his elbows protrude outward, is a former professional motorcycle road racer who turned pro in 2000.	Ben Spies	Memphis
place of birth	Terry Wallis (born April 7, 1964) is an American man living in the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas who on June 11, 2003, regained awareness after spending 19 years in a minimally conscious state.	Terry Wallis	Arkansas
place of birth	João Felipe Schmidt Urbano (born 19 May 1993), known as João Schmidt, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a defensive midfielder.	João Schmidt	São Paulo
place of birth	Joan Blackham (born 1946 in Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England) is a prolific British actress with a long stage, film and television career.	Joan Blackham	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Gothenburg-based Swedish composer, sound designer, and multi-instrumentalist Magnus Birgersson created Solar Fields in the late 1990s.	Solar Fields	Gothenburg
place of birth	Courtney Adams (born June 5, 1981 in Houston, Texas) is an artist based in Hamburg, Germany.	Courtney Adams	Houston
place of birth	Peter Ludvig Panum (19 December 1820 -- 2 May 1885) was a Danish physiologist and pathologist born in Rønne.	Peter Ludvig Panum	Rønne
place of birth	Khalil Abdul-Rahman, professionally known as DJ Khalil, is an American hip hop and soul music producer from Los Angeles, California.	DJ Khalil	Los Angeles
place of birth	Cheng Wen (Chinese: 程文; born 6 April 1989 in Binzhou) is a Chinese athlete who competes in the 400 metre hurdles.	Cheng Wen	Binzhou
place of birth	Álvaro André Rodrigues da Silva or simply Branquinho (born November 14, 1989 in Paulista), is a Brazilian Striker.	Álvaro André Rodrigues da Silva	Paulista
place of birth	Matty Lewis (born May 8, 1975 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is the rhythm guitarist and co-lead singer of Zebrahead, and is a native of Papillion, Nebraska.	Matty Lewis	Papillion
place of birth	Georgiy Sheiko (born 24 August 1989 in Oral) is a Kazakhstani racewalker.	Georgiy Sheiko	Oral
place of birth	The son of Baron Dániel Bánffy and Anna Gyárfás, Dezső Bánffy was born in Kolozsvár, Hungary (now Cluj-Napoca, Romania) on 28 October 1843, and educated at the Berlin and Leipzig universities.	Dezső Bánffy	Cluj-Napoca
place of birth	Stephen Rob Nunn, known as Steve Nunn (born November 4, 1952, in Glasgow, Kentucky) is the former Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services for the Commonwealth of Kentucky and a convicted murderer.	Steve Nunn	Glasgow
place of birth	Yvonne Craig was born in Taylorville, Illinois, and was raised in Columbus, Ohio.	Yvonne Craig	Taylorville
place of birth	Idriz Seferi was born in the village of Sefer in the north of the Skopska Crna Gora (in modern-day Preševo, south Serbia), at the time part of the Ottoman Kosovo Vilayet.	Idriz Seferi	Skopska Crna Gora
place of birth	Donald Muller (November 26, 1917, Detroit, Michigan - December 12, 2012, West Hills, California), known professionally as Don Medford, was an American television director who directed over 75 TV series between 1951 and 1989, and who also directed three movies.	Don Medford	Detroit
place of birth	James Darrell Scott, known as Darrell Scott (born August 6, 1959, London, Kentucky, United States), the son of musician Wayne Scott, is an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist.	Darrell Scott	London
place of birth	Shokufeh Kavani (Persian: شکوفه کاوانی‎, born 1970 in Tehran) is an Iranian contemporary painter, translator and artist currently living in Sydney.	Shokufeh Kavani	Tehran
place of birth	Clement O. Miniger was born in North East, Pennsylvania, in November 1874, to Mr. and Mrs. Samuel O. Miniger.	Clement O. Miniger	North East
place of birth	Jason Alfaro (born November 29, 1977 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former Major League/Minor League baseball player.	Jason Alfaro	San Antonio
place of birth	Sharon Thesen (born 28 October 1946 in Tisdale, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian poet who lives in Lake Country, British Columbia.	Sharon Thesen	Tisdale
place of birth	William Scranton was born on July 19, 1917, while the Scranton family was on vacation at a cottage in Madison, Connecticut.	William Scranton	Madison
place of birth	Bogusław Hajdas managed Gwardia Warszawa, Pogoń Szczecin, KuPS, Poland U-21, Wisła Kraków, VPS, Hutnik Kraków and Raków Częstochowa.	Bogusław Hajdas	Kraków
place of birth	Théodose Morel, known as Tom Morel (born Lyon, 1 August 1915 - died Entremont, 10 March 1944) was a career military officer and French Resistance fighter.	Tom Morel	Lyon
place of birth	Cyril Edward Gourley was born in Wavertree, Liverpool and educated at Calday Grange Grammar School and Liverpool University, graduating in 1913.	Cyril Edward Gourley	Liverpool
place of birth	Ernest Van der Hallen (Lier, June 2, 1898 - there, February 24, 1948) was a Flemish writer and Catholic youth leader during the Interbellum.	Ernest Van der Hallen	Lier
place of birth	Theodor Fliedner (21 January 1800, Eppstein - 4 October 1864, Kaiserswerth) was a German Lutheran minister and founder of Lutheran deaconess training.	Theodor Fliedner	Eppstein
place of birth	Annie Ebrel is a traditional singer of Breton from the village of Lohuec, in the district of Callac.	Annie Ebrel	Lohuec
place of birth	Ghassan Afiouni (Arabic: غسان أفيوني‎) is a scientist who was born in Tripoli, a town in Lebanon located on the coast of the mediterranean sea.	Ghassan Afiouni	Tripoli
place of birth	Samuel Minturn Peck was born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama on November 4, 1854, the youngest of nine children of Elisha Wolsey Peck and Lucy Lamb Randall.	Samuel Minturn Peck	Tuscaloosa
place of birth	John Besh (born May 14, 1968, in Meridian, Mississippi) is an American chef, TV personality, philanthropist, restaurateur and author.	John Besh	Meridian
place of birth	Sajjan Singh Verma holds Master of Arts (in Sociology) degree from G.A.C.C., Indore, Madhya Pradesh.	Sajjan Singh Verma	Indore
place of birth	Charles Cumming (born 5 April 1971 in Ayr, Scotland) is a British writer of spy fiction.	Charles Cumming	Ayr
place of birth	Willie Nelson was born in Abbott, Texas on April 29, 1933, during the Great Depression, to Myrle Marie (née Greenhaw) and Ira Doyle Nelson.	Willie Nelson	Abbott
place of birth	Mitja Petkovšek (born February 6, 1977 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian gymnast.	Mitja Petkovšek	Ljubljana
place of birth	Maria Lekkakos, born and raised in Lynn, MA is a beauty pageant contestant who later grew up in Rockport, Massachusetts who has competed in the Miss USA pageant.	Maria Lekkakos	Lynn
place of birth	Hermann Fol (23 July 1845, Saint-Mandé-13 March 1892) was a Swiss zoologist and the father of modern cytology.	Hermann Fol	Saint-Mandé
place of birth	Patrick Mölleken (born September 27, 1993 in Haan) is a German actor, dubber and voice-over artist on radio dramas as well as on audiobooks.	Patrick Mölleken	Haan
place of birth	In 2012, Wolfe opened a professional wrestling school, ``Wolfie D's House of Champions'', in Nashville, Tennessee.	Wolfie D	Nashville
place of birth	Thomas Prence was probably born in the area of Lechlade a town, in the county of Gloucestershire in about 1600 to Thomas Prince and Elizabeth Todlerby.	Thomas Prence	Lechlade
place of birth	Piotr Bazler (born April 13, 1981 in Łódź) is a Polish professional football player who plays for Górnik Łęczna in the Ekstraklasa.	Piotr Bazler	Łódź
place of birth	Frederick Codd (b. 1832 East Dereham) was a British Gothic Revival architect and speculative builder who designed and built many Victorian houses in North Oxford, England.	Frederick Codd	Dereham
place of birth	Susan Quilliam (born 1950 in Liverpool) is a British psychologist with particular focus on personal relationships.	Susan Quilliam	Liverpool
place of birth	Thomas Lodge, born about 1558 in west Ham, was the second son of Sir Thomas Lodge, Lord Mayor of London, and his third wife Anne (1528--1579), daughter Henry Luddington (died 1531) a grocer in London.	Thomas Lodge	London
place of birth	Tony D, born Anthony Depula (born June 28, 1966, died April 4, 2009), was a hip hop artist from Trenton, New Jersey.	Tony D	Trenton
place of birth	Eli Bowen was born in Richland County, Ohio to Robert and Sarah Bowen with his undeveloped feet attached to the hips due to a rare birth defect - the so-called seal limbs, which was caused by a genetic disorder phocomelia.	Eli Bowen	Richland County
place of birth	Ivo Gönner (born 18 February 1952 in Laupheim) is a member of the SPD and the Lord Mayor of Ulm, as of June 17, 2015.	Ivo Gönner	Laupheim
place of birth	Ivano Brugnetti (born 1 September 1976 in Milan) is an Italian former race walker.	Ivano Brugnetti	Milan
place of birth	Jack Deam (born Ian Deam in 1972 in Oldham, Lancashire) is an English actor.	Jack Deam	Oldham
place of birth	Prince Karl Anton August of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck (10 August 1727, in Marburg -- 12 September 1759, in Stettin) was the son of Peter August, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck and Princess Sophie of Hesse-Philippsthal.	Prince Karl Anton August of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Beck	Marburg
place of birth	Peter Max Lawrence (born March 19, 1977 in Topeka, Kansas) is a contemporary media artist working within painting, video installation, sculpture, photography and drawing.	Peter Max Lawrence	Topeka
place of birth	Christopher Morrison was born in London, England, and relocated with his parents to Los Angeles in the United States at the age of eight.	Christopher Morrison	London
place of birth	Jason Harris Katz (born July 25, 1969 in Manhattan, New York) is an American voice actor and a former TV host.	Jason Harris Katz	Manhattan
place of birth	Florin Popescu (born August 30, 1974 in Iancu Jianu, Olt) is a Romanian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to 2005.	Florin Popescu	Iancu Jianu
place of birth	Louise Beaudet was born in Tours, France in 1860, but her family emigrated to Saint-Émile, Quebec, Canada when she was very young.	Louise Beaudet	Tours
place of birth	Andrejs Grants (born March 7, 1955 in Riga) is a Latvian photographer and teacher.	Andrejs Grants	Riga
place of birth	Paul Theodore Arlt (March 15, 1914, New York City - September 20, 2005, Rye, New York) was an American painter.	Paul Theodore Arlt	New York
place of birth	Martin van Drunen (Born 1966, Uden) is a Dutch death metal vocalist, who started out in the band Pestilence.	Martin van Drunen	Uden
place of birth	Gallen Lo Ka-leung is a Hong Kong actor and singer who primarily acts in television series.	Gallen Lo	Hong Kong
place of birth	Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan (Serbian Cyrillic: Радомир Дамњановић Дамњан, Mostar, 10 December 1935) is a Serbian painter and conceptual artist.	Radomir Damnjanović Damnjan	Mostar
place of birth	Chan Sze Wing (Chinese: 陳思榮; Jyutping: can4 si1 wing6; born 23 March 1983 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Wofoo Tai Po as a left back and a left midfielder.	Chan Sze Wing	Hong Kong
place of birth	Gilles Archambault (born September 19, 1933 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian/Québécois novelist.	Gilles Archambault	Montreal
place of birth	Mbom Mbom Julien (born 23 April 1984) is an association football Midfielder from Yaoundé, Cameroon whose career in Indonesia took him in 2013 from Mitra Kukar F.C. to Persika Karawang.	Mbom Mbom Julien	Yaoundé
place of birth	Tiago da Costa Silva (born 13 April 1987 in Rio de Janeiro), known as Tiago Costa, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Santa Cruz as a left back.	Tiago da Costa Silva	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Martin Smolka (born August 11, 1959 in Prague) is a contemporary Czech composer of classical music.	Martin Smolka	Prague
place of birth	Frank Tompkins was born September 28, 1868 in Washington, D.C., one of three surviving sons of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Henry Tompkins, a quartermaster officer in the United States Army, and Augusta Root (Hobbie) Tompkins.	Frank Tompkins	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Petrus Ngebo, previously known as Petrus Mahlatsi, (born April 1, 1984 in Koppies, Free State) is a South African footballer who plays for Chippa United in the Premier Soccer League.	Petrus Ngebo	Koppies
place of birth	David Hepher (born Surrey, England, 1935) is a British artist, best known for his paintings of buildings, especially tower blocks, including the Aylesbury Estate:	David Hepher	Surrey
place of birth	Count Gabrio Piola Daverio was born in Milan in a rich and aristocratic family.	Gabrio Piola	Milan
place of birth	Thomas van der Noot (c. 1475- c. 1525) was a publisher and author of the early 16th century, from a prominent family from Brussels.	Thomas van der Noot	Brussels
place of birth	Gabriele Hooffacker studied Historical Sciences, German studies and economics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich.	Gabriele Hooffacker	Munich
place of birth	Zakiya Nassar, sometimes spelled ``Zakia'' (Arabic: زكية نصار‎), born April 2, 1987 in Bethlehem, Palestine), is an Olympic swimmer from Palestine.	Zakiya Nassar	Bethlehem
place of birth	Neville Buswell (born 20 January 1943 in Chapel-en-le-Frith, Derbyshire) is a British actor, best known for his role as Ray Langton in Coronation Street.	Neville Buswell	Chapel-en-le-Frith
place of birth	José William Vesentini (born in 1950 in Presidente Bernardes) is a Brazilian human geographer.	José William Vesentini	Presidente Bernardes
place of birth	Anna Claudia Protásio Monteiro (born June 3, 1975 in Campos dos Goytacazes), known professionally as Cacau Protásio is a Brazilian actress.	Cacau Protásio	Campos dos Goytacazes
place of birth	Xu Genbao (simplified Chinese: 徐根宝; traditional Chinese: 徐根寶; pinyin: Xú Gēnbǎo; born January 16, 1944 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football manager and a former international football player.	Xu Genbao	Shanghai
place of birth	Rajani Palme Dutt was born in 1896 on Mill Road in Cambridge, England.	Rajani Palme Dutt	Cambridge
place of birth	Jack Kerouac was born on March 12, 1922 in Lowell, Massachusetts, to French Canadian parents, Léo-Alcide Kéroack and Gabrielle-Ange Lévesque, of St-Hubert-de-Rivière-du-Loup in the province of Québec, Canada.	Jack Kerouac	Lowell
place of birth	Mika Newton (Мiка Ньютон; real name Oksana Stefanivna Grytsay, Ukrainian: Оксана Стефанівна Грицай), born on 5 March 1986, is a Ukrainian singer and actress from the city of Burshtyn.	Mika Newton	Burshtyn
place of birth	Vincenzo Chiarenza (born September 27, 1954 in Termini Imerese) is a former Italian football coach of Como and former player.	Vincenzo Chiarenza	Termini Imerese
place of birth	Zhao Hejing started his football career with top tier side Chongqing Lifan and would make his league debut for the team on 3 July 2005 against Sichuan Guancheng where he conceded a penalty that led his club losing 2-1.	Zhao Hejing	Chongqing
place of birth	André-Louis-Adolphe Laoust or André Laoust (1843 -- 1924) was a French sculptor born in Douai.	André-Louis-Adolphe Laoust	Douai
place of birth	Mehdi Messaoudi (Arabic: مَدهي مَساودي‎) (born March 8, 1989 in Nice, France) is a French-Moroccan footballer.	Mehdi Messaoudi	Nice
place of birth	Tornike Aptsiauri (Georgian: თორნიკე აფციაური; born 29 November 1979 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian professional football player.	Tornike Aptsiauri	Tbilisi
place of birth	Teresa Nzola Meso Ba (born 30 November 1983 in Luanda) is an Angolan-French triple jumper.	Teresa Nzola Meso Ba	Luanda
place of birth	Yukhym Shkolnykov (31 January 1939, Chernihiv -- 3 September 2009) was a Ukrainian coach.	Yukhym Shkolnykov	Chernihiv
place of birth	Eladio Vélez was a Colombian painter, was born in Itagüí, Antioquia in 1897 and died in Medellin, Antioquia in 1967.	Eladio Vélez	Itagüí
place of birth	Indelicato was born in Philadelphia, the son of Lynn and Mark Indelicato, Sr. He is of three quarters Italian and one quarter Puerto Rican descent.	Mark Indelicato	Philadelphia
place of birth	Debbie Moore was born and raised in Urmston, near Manchester, the daughter of Hazel, a clerk, and Ron Moore, a plumber.	Debbie Moore	Urmston
place of birth	Luis Olaso Anabitarte (15 August 1900 in Villabona, Guipúzcoa - 1982) was a Spanish footballer.	Luis Olaso	Villabona
place of birth	Lydia Pinkham was born in the manufacturing city of Lynn, Massachusetts, the tenth of the twelve children of William and Rebecca Estes.	Lydia Pinkham	Lynn
place of birth	Markku Uusipaavalniemi (born November 23, 1966 in Karkkila) is a Finnish curler and former politician.	Markku Uusipaavalniemi	Karkkila
place of birth	Lokua Kanza was born Pascal Lokua Kanza in Bukavu in the province of Sud-Kivu, in the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Lokua Kanza	Bukavu
place of birth	Chen Xirong (Chinese: 陈熙荣 born 1953 in Guangzhou) is a former Chinese international football player and coach as well as also being a media pundit.	Chen Xirong	Guangzhou
place of birth	Troy Gregory (born November 13, 1966 in Detroit, Michigan) is a singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, filmmaker and solo artist.	Troy Gregory	Detroit
place of birth	Gerard Cox (born 6 March 1940, Rotterdam) is a Dutch singer, cabaret artist and actor.	Gerard Cox	Rotterdam
place of birth	Tom Magee (born July 1, 1958) is a Canadian world champion powerlifter and strongman competitor from Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Tom Magee	Winnipeg
place of birth	Kenneth ``Ken Jay'' Lacey (born June 10, 1966) is an American musician, best known as the original drummer for Static-X. Jay was born in Jamaica, Illinois.	Ken Jay	Jamaica
place of birth	Gerald Finzi was born in London, the son of John Abraham (Jack) Finzi (of Italian Jewish descent) and Eliza Emma (Lizzie) Leverson (daughter of Montague Leverson, of German Jewish descent).	Gerald Finzi	London
place of birth	Andrew Stimpson (born 1980 in Largs, Scotland) is a former glamour model, who was once cover boy and centrefold of Euroboy magazine.	Andrew Stimpson	Largs
place of birth	Marinko Galič (born 22 April 1970 in Koper) is a former Slovenian footballer who has represented his country at the two major tournaments for which they have qualified (Euro 2000 and Football World Cup 2002).	Marinko Galič	Koper
place of birth	Andie MacDowell was born in Gaffney, South Carolina, the daughter of Pauline ``Paula'' Johnston (née Oswald), a music teacher, and Marion St. Pierre MacDowell, a lumber executive.	Andie MacDowell	Gaffney, South Carolina
place of birth	Bharat Jangam was born on 25 Nov 1947 in an historically and architecturally renowned city called in Bhaktapur of Kathmandu Valley, Nepal.	Bharat Jangam	Bhaktapur
place of birth	Dario Edoardo Viganò (born 27 June 1962 in Rio de Janeiro) is an Italian Catholic priest, writer and university teacher.	Dario Edoardo Viganò	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	Alfred Jean Halou (born in Blois in 1875 and died in Paris in 1939) was a French sculptor.	Alfred Jean Halou	Blois
place of birth	Noel Peyton (born Dublin, Ireland; 4 December 1935) is an Irish former professional footballer who played as an inside left for Shamrock Rovers, Leeds United and York City, and for the Republic of Ireland national football team.	Noel Peyton	Dublin
place of birth	Jean de Lalande was a native of Dieppe, Normandy.	Jean de Lalande	Dieppe
place of birth	Ayah Bdeir (born 1982 in Montreal, Quebec) is the founder and CEO of littleBits, an open source library of modular electronics that snap together with magnets.	Ayah Bdeir	Montreal
place of birth	Samuel Mayes Arnell (May 3, 1833 -- July 20, 1903) was an American politician who represented the 6th congressional district of Tennessee in the United States House of Representatives.	Samuel Mayes Arnell	Tennessee
place of birth	Esterino Montino (Rome, 1942), is an Italian politician.	Esterino Montino	Rome
place of birth	Peter Pau Tak-Hei (Chinese: 鮑德熹), born 1951 in Hong Kong, is a Hong Kong-based cinematographer, best known to western audiences as the cinematographer in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, for which he won the Best Cinematographer Oscar in 2000.	Peter Pau	Hong Kong
place of birth	Fanny Salvini-Donatelli, whose real name was Francesca Lucchi, was born in Florence to a prosperous family.	Fanny Salvini-Donatelli	Florence
place of birth	Anagabriela Espinoza Marroquín (born April 18, 1988 in Monterrey, Nuevo León) is a Mexican beauty queen who won the 2009 Miss International pageant on November 28, 2009 in Chengdu, Sichuan, China.	Anagabriela Espinoza	Monterrey
place of birth	Ivan Ilyin was born in Moscow in an aristocratic family of Rurikid descent.	Ivan Ilyin	Moscow
place of birth	The son of farmers Malcolm and Hilda Headlam, Frank Headlam was born on 15 July 1914 in Launceston, Tasmania.	Frank Headlam	Launceston
place of birth	Rémi Cusin (born 3 February 1986 in Saint-Julien en Genevois) is a French former professional road racing cyclist, who competed as a professional between 2009 and 2013.	Rémi Cusin	Saint-Julien en Genevois
place of birth	Born and educated in New York City, Arthur Hammerstein was the son of the theater impresario and composer Oscar Hammerstein I. Arthur started out as a bricklayer and plasterer, working on projects with his father including the Victoria Theater and Manhattan Opera House.	Arthur Hammerstein	New York City
place of birth	Dirk Marcellis (born 13 April 1988 in Horst aan de Maas) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a centre back for PEC Zwolle in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Dirk Marcellis	Horst aan de Maas
place of birth	Lubatti was born in Seattle, Washington, to Catherine Lubatti, a travel agency worker who is of French descent, and Henri Lubatti, Sr., a physics professor who is of Italian descent.	Henri Lubatti	Seattle
place of birth	Jelena Lolović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Лоловић; born in Sarajevo, SR Bosnia and Herzegovina, SFR Yugoslavia on 14 July 1981) is a Serbian alpine skier.	Jelena Lolović	Sarajevo
place of birth	Jeffrey Rijsdijk (born September 12, 1987 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch professional footballer of Indonesian descent who plays for Go Ahead Eagles in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jeffrey Rijsdijk	Rotterdam
place of birth	Jeff Hordley (born Jeffrey Thomas Percy, 7 March 1970 in Crumpsall, Manchester) is an English actor most notable for playing Cain Dingle in ITV's long-running soap opera Emmerdale.	Jeff Hordley	Crumpsall
place of birth	Scott Thompson Baker (born September 15, 1960) is an American television actor, from Golden Valley, Minnesota.	Scott Thompson Baker	Golden Valley
place of birth	Kamghe Gaba (born 13 January 1984 in Friedberg (Hessen)) is a German sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres.	Kamghe Gaba	Friedberg
place of birth	Nader Faghihzadeh (Persian: نادر فقیه‌زاده‎, born 1976 in Tehran) is an Iranian-German Automobile Designer based in Munich.	Nader Faghihzadeh	Tehran
place of birth	Ann Tenno (née Ann Epler), (born 4 December 1952 in Tartu) is an Estonian photographer and photo artist.	Ann Tenno	Tartu
place of birth	Qu Yun (simplified Chinese: 瞿韵; traditional Chinese: 瞿韻; pinyin: Qū Yùn; born June 5, 1978 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a former butterfly stroke swimmer from China.	Qu Yun	Hangzhou
place of birth	Viviane Brunieri (born April 9, 1976, in Peruíbe, São Paulo) is a Brazilian former model and porn star.	Viviane Brunieri	Peruíbe
place of birth	Jonas Eneroth (born in Gothenburg, Sweden) is a video game producer, game designer and entrepreneur.	Jonas Eneroth	Gothenburg
place of birth	Almir Memić (born March 3, 1962. in Sarajevo) is a football coach and former international player from Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Almir Memić	Sarajevo
place of birth	Francis Daniels Moore (April 17, 1913 in Evanston, Illinois - November 24, 2001 in Westwood, Massachusetts) was an American surgeon who was a pioneer in numerous experimental surgical treatments.	Francis Daniels Moore	Evanston
place of birth	Igor Rossi Branco or Igor Rossi for short (born 10 March 1989 in Campinas, São Paulo) is a Brazilian professional footballer, who plays for Scottish Premiership side Heart of Midlothian, as a centre-back.	Igor Rossi Branco	Campinas
place of birth	Erich Urbach (29 July 1893, Prague -- 1946) was an Austrian dermatologist from Vienna who, in conjunction with Camillo Wiethe, an otorhinolaryngologist, first described lipoid proteinosis.	Erich Urbach	Prague
place of birth	Annalisa Minetti (born 27 December 1976 in Rho) is an Italian singer and Paralympic athlete.	Annalisa Minetti	Rho
place of birth	Uri Segal (born 7 March 1944, Jerusalem) is an Israeli musical conductor.	Uri Segal	Jerusalem
place of birth	Alexandra Dreyfus was born in sunny Los Angeles, and as a young professional was thrown straight into the Hollywood mixer appearing in soap opera's, commercials and as the face of Mattel, Barbie boxes everywhere.	Alexandra Dreyfus	Los Angeles
place of birth	David Bustamante Hoyos (born 25 March 1982 in San Vicente de la Barquera, Cantabria) is a Spanish pop singer and songwriter.	David Bustamante	San Vicente de la Barquera
place of birth	José Félix Ribas (Spanish pronunciation: (xoˈse ˈfeliks ˈriβas); Caracas, 19 September 1775 -- Tucupido, 31 January 1815), was a Venezuelan independence leader and hero of the Venezuelan War of Independence.	José Félix Ribas	Caracas
place of birth	Teresa Southwick (born California, United States) is an American author of contemporary and historical romance novels.	Teresa Southwick	California
place of birth	Paul Winter attended Altoona Area High School and graduated in 1957.	Paul Winter	Altoona
place of birth	Willem Eduard Bok, Jr., (Pretoria, South African Republic 1 January 1880 -- Pretoria, Union of South Africa, 29 October 1956) was a South African lawyer, statesman and judge of Dutch descent.	Willem Eduard Bok, Jr.	Pretoria
place of birth	Tobias Steinhauser (born 27 January 1972 in Lindenberg im Allgäu) is a former German cyclist.	Tobias Steinhauser	Lindenberg im Allgäu
place of birth	Emmet McLoughlin was an amateur football player who represented Ireland at the 1948 London Olympic Games.	Emmet McLoughlin	Ireland
place of birth	Adelaide of Susa or Adelaide of Turin (also Adelheid, Adelais, or Adeline; c. 1014/1020 -- 19 December 1091) was the Marchioness of Turin from 1034 to her death.	Adelaide of Susa	Turin
place of birth	Pierre Giffard's father was a lawyer and mayor in Fontaine-le-Dun.	Pierre Giffard	Fontaine-le-Dun
place of birth	Darryl Way (born 17 December 1948, in Taunton, Somerset) is a British rock and classical musician who was a founding member of Curved Air and co-writer of their only hit single, ``Back Street Luv''.	Darryl Way	Taunton
place of birth	Jörn Schwinkendorf (born 27 January 1971 in Hamburg) is a former German professional footballer currently manager of VfB Pößneck.	Jörn Schwinkendorf	Hamburg
place of birth	Song Aimin (simplified Chinese: 宋爱民; traditional Chinese: 宋愛民; pinyin: Sòng Àimín, born February 7, 1978 in Hengshui, Hebei) is a Chinese discus thrower.	Song Aimin	Hengshui
place of birth	Nina Micić (Serbian Cyrillic: Нина Мицић, born 30 January 1991 in Kraljevo) is a Serbian snowboarder.	Nina Micić	Kraljevo
place of birth	Elsie Allen (22 September 1899 -- 31 December 1990) was a Native American Pomo basket weaver from the Cloverdale Rancheria of Pomo Indians of California in Northern California, significant as for historically categorizing and teaching Californian Indian basket patterns and techniques and sustaining traditional Pomo basketry as an art form.	Elsie Allen	California
place of birth	Koh Traoré (born August 29, 1989 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé-born Ivory Coast football striker who plays for EGS Gafsa in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Koh Traoré	Ouagadougou
place of birth	Dyzaiss-Lys Mouithys Mickalad (born July 4, 1985 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese football player, who is currently playing for Al-Qadisiyah FC.	Lys Mouithys	Brazzaville
place of birth	Bernt Ivar Eidsvig (former order name Markus Bernt Eidsvig) (born September 12, 1953 at Rjukan) is the Catholic Bishop of Oslo and functioning apostolic administrator of Roman Catholic Territorial Prelature of Trondheim.	Bernt Ivar Eidsvig	Rjukan
place of birth	Slavomír Kňazovický (born May 3, 1967 in Piešťany) is a Czechoslovak-Slovak sprint canoer who competed from the early 1990s to the early 2000s (decade).	Slavomír Kňazovický	Piešťany
place of birth	Jon Wozencroft (born 1 June 1958, in Epsom, England) is a graphic designer, author and instructor.	Jon Wozencroft	Epsom
place of birth	Sébastien Mazure (born March 20, 1979, in Paris) is a retired French football (soccer) striker who last played for SM Caen.	Sébastien Mazure	Paris
place of birth	Ballerina Ghislaine Thesmar was born in 1943 in Beijing, China, and studied at the Paris Conservatoire.	Ghislaine Thesmar	Beijing
place of birth	Ridley was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and raised from age 7 in Mequon, Wisconsin, with an ophthalmologist father, John Ridley, III, and a mother, Terry Ridley, who was a special education teacher for Milwaukee Public Schools.	John Ridley	Milwaukee
place of birth	Deborah Turner Harris (born 1951 in Pennsylvania), is an American fantasy author, best known for her collaborations with Katherine Kurtz.	Deborah Turner Harris	Pennsylvania
place of birth	Nastasya Samburskaya born in Priozersk, Leningrad Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.	Nastasya Samburskaya	Priozersk
place of birth	Remo Lederer (born December 19, 1968 in Rodewisch) is a retired German ski jumper.	Remo Lederer	Rodewisch
place of birth	Isabelle Stead (born 8 October 1979 in Leeds, United Kingdom) is a British film director, producer and philanthropist.	Isabelle Stead	Leeds
place of birth	Navy captain Jeong Bal (정발, 鄭撥, 1553--1592) was a Korea navy captain who commanded a garrison at Busan port.	Jeong Bal	Busan
place of birth	The second of three children, Jung Ryeo-won was born in Seoul, but emigrated to Brisbane, Australia in 1991 with her family.	Jung Ryeo-won	Seoul
place of birth	Ninian Sanderson (14 May 1925, Glasgow, Scotland -- 1 October 1985) was a car dealer, sports car racing driver, and winner of the 1956 24 Hours of Le Mans.	Ninian Sanderson	Glasgow
place of birth	Shelia Burrell (born 15 January 1972 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is a retired American heptathlete.	Shelia Burrell	Albuquerque
place of birth	Josephine Siao Fong-Fong was born as Siao Liang in Luzhi in Suzhou, Jiangsu.	Josephine Siao	Suzhou
place of birth	Marie-Louise Rainer (sometimes known as Marie-Luise Rainer, born April 23, 1959 in Telfes) is an Italian luger who competed between the late 1970s and the late 1980s.	Marie-Louise Rainer	Telfes
place of birth	Klaus Ehl (born 16 August 1949 in Paderborn) is a German former athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres.	Klaus Ehl	Paderborn
place of birth	Jaap van Duijn (Katwijk, 23 December 1990) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker.	Jaap van Duijn	Katwijk
place of birth	Matt Osterman is an American independent filmmaker who was born in Rhinelander, Wisconsin.	Matt Osterman	Rhinelander
place of birth	Gianluca Pessotto (born 11 August 1970 in Latisana, Province of Udine) is a retired football player.	Gianluca Pessotto	Latisana
place of birth	Kelan Phil Cohran (born in Oxford, Mississippi on May 8, 1927) is a jazz musician.	Phil Cohran	Oxford
place of birth	In 1967 Manana Antadze has graduated from Tbilisi State University (TSU), Western European Languages and Literature.	Manana Antadze	Tbilisi
place of birth	Paul Fix was born in Dobbs Ferry, New York, to Wilhelm Fix, a brewmaster, and the former Louise C. Walz.	Paul Fix	Dobbs Ferry, New York
place of birth	Fred Ferrari was born in Stratford, London on 22 May 1901 to an Italian father and an English mother.	Fred Ferrari	Stratford
place of birth	Lina Ron was born in Anaco, Anzoategui state on September 23, 1959.	Lina Ron	Anaco
place of birth	Jana Kirschner (born Jana Kirschnerová, December 29, 1978, Martin) is a Slovak singer.	Jana Kirschner	Martin
place of birth	Jon Bru Gaspar (born October 18, 1977 in Bera, Navarre) is a Spanish professional road bicycle racer formerly on the UCI ProTeam Euskaltel-Euskadi.	Jon Bru	Bera, Navarre
place of birth	Ottó Károlyi (born Paris), having studied in Budapest, Vienna, and London, is a musicologist and the Senior Lecturer of Music at the University of Stirling, Scotland.	Ottó Károlyi	Paris
place of birth	Michelle McManus was born in 1980 in Queen Mother's Maternity Hospital, Glasgow, Scotland to John McManus and Helen McManus, and is the oldest of five sisters.	Michelle McManus	Glasgow
place of birth	Edurne was born on 22 December 1985 in the capital of Spain, Madrid.	Edurne	Madrid
place of birth	Adalbert J. Volck (1828--1912) was a dentist, political cartoonist, and caricaturist born in Bavaria.	Adalbert J. Volck	Bavaria
place of birth	Irvin Khoza (born 27 January 1948 in Alexandra) is a South African soccer administrator.	Irvin Khoza	Alexandra
place of birth	Born in Reus, Tarragona, Catalonia, Sergi Roberto began playing football with local UE Barri Santes Creus at the age of 9, arriving in FC Barcelona's youth academy five years later from neighbours Gimnàstic de Tarragona.	Sergi Roberto	Reus
place of birth	Rogério Sampaio Cardoso (born Santos, September 12, 1967) is a Brazilian judoka and Olympic champion.	Rogério Sampaio	Santos
place of birth	Hans Baluschek was born on 9 May 1870 in Breslau, then Germany's sixth-largest city (now Wrocław, Poland), to Franz Baluschek, a surveyor and railroad engineer and his wife.	Hans Baluschek	Wrocław
place of birth	Ménélik, now MNLK (Albert Tjamag; born 10 September 1970 in Yaoundé, Cameroon), is a French rapper.	Ménélik	Yaoundé
place of birth	Erwin Weber (born 12 June 1959 in Munich) is a former German rally driver.	Erwin Weber	Munich
place of birth	Florence Masnada (born December 16, 1968 in Vizille) is a retired French alpine skier, who won a bronze Olympic medal.	Florence Masnada	Vizille
place of birth	Andrew Deveaux (30 April 1758 -- 11 July 1812) was an American Loyalist from South Carolina who is most famous for his recapture of the Bahamas in 1783.	Andrew Deveaux	South Carolina
place of birth	Slobodan Čendić (Kragujevac, 28 August 1938) is a former Yugoslavian/Serbian football manager resident in Germany since 1970.	Slobodan Čendić	Kragujevac
place of birth	Kitwana Rhymer (born 22 May 1978 in Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands) is a United States Virgin Islands basketball player currently with La Villa Basketball of the La Vega League in the Dominican Republic.	Kitwana Rhymer	Saint Thomas
place of birth	Marco Enrico Bossi (April 25, 1861, Salò -- February 20, 1925) was an Italian organist, composer, improviser and pedagogue.	Marco Enrico Bossi	Salò
place of birth	Joe Hill, born Joel Emmanuel Hägglund in Gävle, Sweden, and also known as Joseph Hillström (October 7, 1879 -- November 19, 1915) was a Swedish-American labor activist, songwriter, and member of the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW, familiarly called the ``Wobblies'').	Joe Hill	Gävle
place of birth	Alain Ferté (born 8 October 1955 in Falaise, Calvados) is a professional racing driver.	Alain Ferté	Falaise
place of birth	Charles de Lorraine de Vaudémont was born in Nomeny on 20 April 1561, the son of Nicolas, Duke of Mercœur and his wife Margaret of Egmont.	Charles de Lorraine de Vaudémont	Nomeny
place of birth	Vujadin Stanojković (Macedonian: Вујадин Станојковиќ, Serbian: Вујадин Станојковић; born 10 September 1963 in Kumanovo) is a Macedonian and a former Yugoslav football player and a football coach.	Vujadin Stanojković	Kumanovo
place of birth	Einar Fagstad (born 30 October 1899 in Lillehammer, died 19 February 1961 in Göteborg) was a Norwegian-Swedish accordionist, singer, actor and composer.	Einar Fagstad	Lillehammer
place of birth	Madhusudan Mistry was born to Devaram Gopalram and Tulasiben in Asarwa, Ahmedabad, in 1945.	Madhusudan Mistry	Ahmedabad
place of birth	Nirmal Jit Singh Sekhon was born on 17 July 1945 in the village of Isewal Dakha in Ludhiana District, Punjab.	Nirmal Jit Singh Sekhon	Ludhiana
place of birth	Maria Tsoni (Greek: Μαρία Τσώνη; born 1 March 1963 in Agrinio) is a retired Greek athlete who specialised in the sprinting events.	Maria Tsoni	Agrinio
place of birth	Michel Plancherel (16 January 1885, Bussy, Fribourg -- 4 March 1967, Zurich) was a Swiss mathematician.	Michel Plancherel	Bussy
place of birth	Sophus Christian Frederik Schandorph (or Skamdrup), known simply as Sophus Schandorph, (8 May 1836 -- 1 January 1901), Danish poet and novelist, was born at Ringsted in Zealand.	Sophus Schandorph	Ringsted
place of birth	George Robert Twelves Hewes (August 25, 1742 -- November 5, 1840) was a participant in the political protests in Boston at the onset of the American Revolution, and one of the last survivors of the Boston Tea Party and the Boston Massacre.	George Robert Twelves Hewes	Boston
place of birth	Princess Lalla Latifa Amahzoune (Amazigh : ⵍⴰⵍⵍⴰ ⵍⴰⵟⵉⴼⴰ ⴰⵎⵃⵣⵓⵏ ; Arabic: لالة لطيفة أمحزون‎ -- born 1945 or 1946) in Khenifra is the widow of King Hassan II and the mother of Princess Lalla Meryem, King Mohammed VI, Princess Lalla Asma, Princess Lalla Hasna and Prince Moulay Rachid.	Lalla Latifa	Khenifra
place of birth	His first automobile manufacturing business, ``Société des Anciens Établissements Georges Richard'', was founded in the North-Paris suburb of ``Ivry-Port'' in 1897 by Georges Richard and his brother Maxime Richard.	Georges Richard	Paris
place of birth	Felix Großschartner (born December 23, 1993 in Wels) is an Austrian cyclist riding for CCC-Sprandi-Polkowice.	Felix Großschartner	Wels
place of birth	Zou Jie (Chinese:邹捷) (born January 17, 1981 in Dalian) is a former Chinese international football player.	Zou Jie	Dalian
place of birth	Federico Melchiorri (born January 6, 1987 in Treia) is an Italian professional football player who plays as a striker for Cagliari.	Federico Melchiorri	Treia
place of birth	Udo Quellmalz (born March 8, 1967 in Leipzig) is a German judoka, who's nicknamed Quelle.	Udo Quellmalz	Leipzig
place of birth	Jamie Delano (born 1954 in Northampton) is a British comics writer.	Jamie Delano	Northampton
place of birth	Zerach Warhaftig was born in Volkovysk in the Russian Empire (today Vawkavysk, Belarus) in 1906.	Zerach Warhaftig	Vawkavysk
place of birth	Torsten de Winkel (born in Frankfurt am Main) is a German musician, composer and philosopher primarily active in the jazz and world music genres.	Torsten de Winkel	Frankfurt
place of birth	Florent Emilio Siri (born 2 March 1965 in Saint-Avold, Moselle) is a French video game and film director and screenwriter born in Lorraine.	Florent Emilio Siri	Lorraine
place of birth	Israel Hershberg was born on November 7, 1948 in a Displaced Persons camp in Linz, Austria.	Israel Hershberg	Linz
place of birth	Pooja Chopra was crowned with the 2009 Femina Miss India East title on 17 February 2009, in Kolkata.	Pooja Chopra	Kolkata
place of birth	Elinor Joseph (Arabic: آلينور جوزف‎, Hebrew: אלינור ג'וזף‎; born 1991 in Jish, Israel) is an Israeli-Arab soldier who has served with the Caracal Battalion of the Israel Defense Forces since 2010.	Elinor Joseph	Jish
place of birth	Ferenc Fülöp (born in Budapest 22 February 1955) is a Hungarian football administrator with MTK Hungária FC.	Ferenc Fülöp	Budapest
place of birth	Bohuslav Matoušek (born in Havlíčkův Brod, 26 September 1949) is a Czech violinist and violist.	Bohuslav Matoušek	Havlíčkův Brod
place of birth	Zhang Liangying (simplified Chinese: 张靓颖; traditional Chinese: 張靚穎; pinyin: Zhāng Liàngyǐng;or Zhang Jinying; born October 11, 1984 in Chengdu, Sichuan), also known as Jane Zhang, is a Chinese pop singer.	Jane Zhang	Chengdu
place of birth	Karel Večeřa (born 9 October 1955 in Ivančice) is a Czech football manager and former footballer.	Karel Večeřa	Ivančice
place of birth	Sadie Peterson Delaney, daughter of Julia Frances Hawkins Johnson and James Johnson, was born on February 26, 1889, in Rochester, New York.	Sadie Peterson Delaney	Rochester
place of birth	Lulu Roman (born Bertha Louise Hable on May 6, 1946, in Dallas, Texas) is a comedian and singer.	Lulu Roman	Dallas
place of birth	Reza Davood Nejad (Persian: رضا داوودنژاد‎‎) (born 17 June 1981 in Tehran) is an Iranian actor and TV presenter.	Reza Davood Nejad	Tehran
place of birth	Daniel Jewel is a London-based film producer and director.	Daniel Jewel	London
place of birth	Mikael Rahm, (born 15 May 1957 in Östersund) is a Swedish actor.	Mikael Rahm	Östersund
place of birth	Heather Raffo (born in Michigan, United States) is a Lucille Lortel Award-winning Iraqi American playwright and actress, best known for her leading role in the one-woman play 9 Parts of Desire.	Heather Raffo	Michigan
place of birth	Wilhelm Külz was born on 18 February 1875 at Borna near Leipzig in the Kingdom of Saxony.	Wilhelm Külz	Borna
place of birth	Charles ``Lil Buck'' Riley (born May 25, 1988) is a Los Angeles-based dancer and occasional model from Memphis, Tennessee who specializes in a style of street dance called jookin'.	Lil Buck	Memphis
place of birth	Kim Kötter (born 27 July 1982, Losser, Overijssel) is a Dutch director, model and beauty pageant titleholder.	Kim Kötter	Losser
place of birth	Valeria Lukyanova was born on 23 August 1985 in Tiraspol, in what was then part of Moldavian SSR in the Soviet Union.	Valeria Lukyanova	Tiraspol
place of birth	A native of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Larry Winters made his professional debut in 1982.	Larry Winters	Philadelphia
place of birth	Leif B. Lillegaard (1 May 1918, Sandnessjøen -- 24 April 1994) was a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor, radio reporter and novelist.	Leif B. Lillegaard	Sandnessjøen
place of birth	Remigius Machura (Czech pronunciation: (ˈremɪɡɪjus ˈmaxura)) (born July 3, 1960 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou) is a retired shot putter who represented Czechoslovakia.	Remigius Machura	Rychnov nad Kněžnou
place of birth	Kristaps Mauriņš (born 5 May 1991 in Cēsis) is a Latvian luger.	Kristaps Mauriņš	Cēsis
place of birth	Ivan Aguéli was born John Gustaf Agelii in the small Swedish town of Sala in 1869, the son of veterinarian Johan Gabriel Agelii.	Ivan Aguéli	Sala
place of birth	Mike Chavez-Dawson (born 1974 in Maidstone) is an English artist and curator.	Mike Chavez-Dawson	Maidstone
place of birth	Mimoun Azaouagh (born 17 November 1982 in Beni Sidel, Morocco) is a Moroccan-born German footballer, who is currently a free agent.	Mimoun Azaouagh	Beni Sidel
place of birth	Cook Cleland was born in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1916, and graduated from the University of Missouri in 1940.	Cook Cleland	Cleveland
place of birth	Kathleen Parlow (September 20, 1890, Fort Calgary, Alberta -- August 19, 1963, near Toronto, Ontario) was a child prodigy with her outstanding technique with a violin, which earned her the nickname ``The lady of the golden bow''.	Kathleen Parlow	Calgary
place of birth	Gabriel da Silva Dias (born 17 December 1980 in Pelotas), commonly known as Gabriel, is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Barcelona as a Flank.	Gabriel da Silva Dias	Pelotas
place of birth	Anders Hovden (April 6, 1860 in Ørsta -- November 26, 1943) was a Norwegian hymnwriter, priest, author and popular speaker.	Anders Hovden	Ørsta
place of birth	Sam Bell (born 6 February 1909 in Burnhope--died 1982) was a professional footballer who played for Burnhope Institution, Norwich City, Luton Town, Tottenham Hotspur, Southend United, Millwall and Tonbridge.	Sam Bell	Burnhope
place of birth	Laurent Henric is a former French footballer and coach, born 20 March 1905 in Sète (Hérault), died 1992.	Laurent Henric	Sète
place of birth	Katalin Juhász (Hungarian: Juhász Katalin, Tóth Gézáné, born Juhász Katalin; born 24 November 1932 in Hódmezővásárhely) was a Hungarian foil fencer.	Katalin Juhász	Hódmezővásárhely
place of birth	Emilio Villoresi was born in Milan, Lombardy, the younger brother of the star Maserati driver, Luigi Villoresi who co-piloted with him in several races at the beginning of their careers.	Emilio Villoresi	Milan
place of birth	Mohamed Salah Mzali (born Monastir, February 11, 1896 - died November 22, 1984) was a Tunisian educator, historian, and politician.	Mohamed Salah Mzali	Monastir
place of birth	Iyad Abu Gharqoud (Arabic: إياد أبو غرقود‎; born 22 July 1988 in Gaza) is a Palestinian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Al-Baqa'a in the Jordan Premier League and Palestine national team.	Iyad Abu Gharqoud	Gaza
place of birth	Nikolay Nikolayevich Krasil'nikov, also known as Nikolay Nikolayevich Krasilnikov, (Russian: Красильников, Николай Николаевич, born 22 January 1927, Irkutsk, USSR) is a Russian scientist and educator in the fields of image transmission, image compression and human visual system.	Nikolay Nikolayevich Krasil'nikov	Irkutsk
place of birth	Born and brought up in Indore, Chandrakant Singh hails from Jodhpur, Rajasthan.	Chandrakant Singh	Indore
place of birth	Bruno Konczylo (born 26 August 1968 in Châteaudun) is a retired French middle-distance runner who competed primarily in the 800 metres.	Bruno Konczylo	Châteaudun
place of birth	Bas van Velthoven (born February 26, 1985 in Hazerswoude-Rijndijk) is a Dutch Swimmer who specializes in freestyle.	Bas van Velthoven	Hazerswoude-Rijndijk
place of birth	Randy Sandke (born 1949 in Chicago) is a jazz trumpeter and guitarist.	Randy Sandke	Chicago
place of birth	Johann Georg Dominicus von Linprun was born on 10 January 1714 in Viechtach in the Bavarian Forest, son of a municipal and district court clerk.	Johann Georg Dominicus von Linprun	Viechtach
place of birth	Ryan Trecartin (born 1981, Webster, Texas) is an American artist and filmmaker currently based in Los Angeles.	Ryan Trecartin	Webster
place of birth	David Marciano (born January 7, 1960, in Newark, New Jersey) is an American actor best known for his roles as Detective Raymond Vecchio in the television series Due South and Detective Steve Billings in the FX police drama The Shield.	David Marciano	Newark
place of birth	The New York Times said of her: ``The simple realism, nostalgic atmosphere and luminous color with which Grandma Moses portrayed simple farm life and rural countryside won her a wide following.	Grandma Moses	New York
place of birth	Jessy Terrero (born July 3, 1975) is a Dominican Republic film and music video director.	Jessy Terrero	Dominican Republic
place of birth	Massimiliano Taddei, also known as Max Taddei (born April 18, 1991 in Pontedera) is an Italian professional football who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Venezia, on co-ownership from Fiorentina.	Max Taddei	Pontedera
place of birth	Robert Sanderson McCormick was born July 26, 1849 on the family plantation known as Walnut Grove in Rockbridge County, Virginia.	Robert Sanderson McCormick	Rockbridge County
place of birth	Sascha Konietzko lived in the United States from 1991 to 2007, dividing his time among Chicago, New York City, and Seattle before moving back to his hometown of Hamburg, Germany.	Sascha Konietzko	New York City
place of birth	Umberto Vergine graduated with a degree in Civil Engineering from the Polytechnic University of Milan.	Umberto Vergine	Milan
place of birth	Wutthipong Kerdkul (Thai วุฒิพงษ์ เกิดกุล), born March 14, 1987) in Surat Thani.	Wutthipong Kerdkul	Surat Thani
place of birth	José Vizcarra (born 8 August 1984 in Rosario) is an Argentine football striker currently playing for Ferro Carril Oeste in the Primera B Nacional.	José Vizcarra	Rosario
place of birth	Ivan Lajtman (born 1 July 1979 in Đakovo) is a Croatian football who plays for NK Karlovac.	Ivan Lajtman	Đakovo
place of birth	Alberto Gonzales was born to a Catholic family in San Antonio, Texas, and raised in Humble, a town outside of Houston.	Alberto Gonzales	San Antonio
place of birth	Ted Eck (born July 14, 1966, in Springfield, Illinois) is a retired American soccer player who played for numerous clubs in the United States and Canada over a thirteen-year professional career.	Ted Eck	Springfield
place of birth	Karlheinz Kaske (April 19, 1928 in Essen -- September 27, 1998) was a German manager and CEO of the Siemens AG from 1981 to 1992.	Karlheinz Kaske	Essen
place of birth	Giacomo Caliri (born 29 July 1940 in Catania) is an Italian former Formula One engineer.	Giacomo Caliri	Catania
place of birth	Michal Riszdorfer (Hungarian: Riszdorfer Mihály, pronounced (ˈrisdorfɛr ˈmihaːj); born May 26, 1977 in Bratislava) is a Slovak sprint canoer who has competed since the late 1990s.	Michal Riszdorfer	Bratislava
place of birth	Leo Portnoff (born 1875 in Kiev, died 1940 in Miami, Florida) was a musician, teacher, and composer.	Leo Portnoff	Kiev
place of birth	Melchior Feselen, an historical painter, of Passau, lived at the same time as Altdorfer, whose works he imitated with assiduity.	Melchior Feselen	Passau
place of birth	Dr Margaret Elsworth MBE (born 5 December 1929, East Grinstead, Sussex) was the founder of the African Scholars' Fund and the African Scholars' Fund UK.	Margaret Elsworth	East Grinstead
place of birth	Kristmann Guðmundsson (October 23, 1901, Thverfell, Borgarfjörður -- November 20, 1983, Reykjavík) was an Icelandic novelist notable for his works of romantic fiction.	Kristmann Guðmundsson	Borgarfjörður
place of birth	Bianca Rech (born 25 January 1981 in Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler, Rhineland-Palatinate) is a German footballer.	Bianca Rech	Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler
place of birth	Raymond Gutierrez (born January 21, 1984 in Beverly Hills, California), is a TV host, editor, columnist, endorser and actor in the Philippines.	Raymond Gutierrez	Beverly Hills
place of birth	Simon De Jong was born in Surabaya, Indonesia, spending the first three years of his life, with his mother Dirkje and older brother Hielke in a concentration camp.	Simon De Jong	Surabaya
place of birth	Arielle Jacobs (born September 9 in San Francisco, California) is an American actress, mostly seen on stage in musicals.	Arielle Jacobs	San Francisco
place of birth	Edward Brzozowski (born 11 October 1920 in Warsaw -- 25 June 1983) is a Polish football player and coach.	Edward Brzozowski	Warsaw
place of birth	Chris Coss was born in Wolverhampton and is the rhythm guitarist and backing vocalist for Cloven Hoof and Joseph Whelan.	Chris Coss	Wolverhampton
place of birth	Trần Hanh, realname is Trần Huy Hanh, was born in 1932 to a poor family in Lộc Vượng commune, Mỹ Lộc, Nam Định.	Trần Hanh	Mỹ Lộc
place of birth	Sayed Asim Hassan (born 28 November 1979 in Malerkotla, Punjab) is an Indian football player who plays as a Midfielder for I-League 2nd Division team ONGC F.C..	Asim Hassan	Malerkotla
place of birth	Tess Henley is an American singer-songwriter and pianist from Kent, Washington, United States.	Tess Henley	Kent
place of birth	Ronen Gabay (Hebrew: רונן גבאי) is a former Israeli footballer who played in Maccabi Netanya throughout his entire career.	Ronen Gabay	Netanya
place of birth	Antonio Siciliano (born in Taurianova 4 February 1936) is an Italian film editor.	Antonio Siciliano	Taurianova
place of birth	Byron Habinsky was born in Riga, which at the time was still part of the former Soviet Union.	Byron Habinsky	Soviet Union
place of birth	Petko Vasilev Vasilev (born 16 January 1990 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football player who played for Botev Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A PFG in the 2009--10 season, before that club suffered administrative relegation.	Petko Vasilev	Plovdiv
place of birth	Cornelius Eady was born in Rochester, New York and is an author of seven volumes of poetry.	Cornelius Eady	Rochester
place of birth	Shinehead (born Edmund Carl Aiken, 10 April 1962, Kent, England) is an English-born, Bronx New York raised Jamaican reggae singer/toaster/rapper.	Shinehead	Kent
place of birth	Volker Neumüller (born 18 October 1969 in Cuxhaven) is a German music manager and was known for being a judge on Deutschland sucht den Superstar.	Volker Neumüller	Cuxhaven
place of birth	Tommy Schleh (born December 10, 1964 in Neckarbischofsheim), known under his stage name as DJ Klubbingman, is a Eurodance DJ and former member of the band Masterboy.	Tommy Schleh	Neckarbischofsheim
place of birth	Samik Bandyopadhyay (Bengali: শমীক বন্দ্যোপাধ্যায়; born 1940) is a Kolkata-based critic of Indian art, theatre and film.	Samik Bandyopadhyay	Kolkata
place of birth	Mario Berti was born in La Spezia, which is located in modern day Liguria.	Mario Berti	La Spezia
place of birth	Allen Fong Yuk-ping (方育平) (born July 10, 1947) is a film director and one of the leaders of the Hong Kong New Wave of the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Allen Fong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Sofia Ennaoui (born 30 August 1995 in Ben Guerir, Morocco) is a Polish athlete competing in the middle-distance running events.	Sofia Ennaoui	Ben Guerir
place of birth	Marco Lingua (born 4 June 1978 in Chivasso, Piedmont) is an Italian hammer thrower.	Marco Lingua	Chivasso
place of birth	Peter Pezzelli was born and raised in Rhode Island, Peter Pezzelli grew up in the town of North Providence.	Peter Pezzelli	Providence
place of birth	Andrea Limbacher (born July 25, 1989 in Bad Ischl) is an Austrian freestyle skier, specializing in ski cross.	Andrea Limbacher	Bad Ischl
place of birth	Winifred Lenihan was born in Brooklyn and, as she said, ``always lived within subway distance of 42nd Street.''	Winifred Lenihan	Brooklyn
place of birth	Candice Breitz (born 1972, Johannesburg) is a South African artist who works primarily in video and photography.	Candice Breitz	Johannesburg
place of birth	Ray Kurzweil grew up in the New York City borough of Queens.	Ray Kurzweil	Queens
place of birth	Nick Garcia (born April 9, 1979 in Plano, Texas) is an American soccer player who grew up playing for the Dallas Texans Soccer Club and most recently played for Toronto FC in Major League Soccer.	Nick Garcia	Plano
place of birth	M. David Lee III (born September 14, 1965, Champaign, Illinois) is an award-winning American film director, producer, writer, editor and director of photography.	M. David Lee III	Champaign
place of birth	Dennis Holahan (born November 7, 1942, in Stamford, Connecticut) is an American actor and attorney.	Dennis Holahan	Stamford
place of birth	Nebojša Krstić (born 9 July 1957, in Belgrade) is a Serbian physician and musician (VIS Idoli).	Nebojša Krstić	Belgrade
place of birth	Isaac M. Jordan (born Isaac Alfred Jordan; May 5, 1835 -- December 3, 1890) was a United States Congressman born in Mifflinburg, Union County, Pennsylvania.	Isaac M. Jordan	Mifflinburg
place of birth	Mário Barroso (born August 15, 1947) is a Portuguese film director, actor and cinematographer born in Lisbon.	Mário Barroso	Lisbon
place of birth	René-Louis Baron (born February 9, 1944 in Romans-sur-Isère) is a French inventor, author and songwriter.	René-Louis Baron	Romans-sur-Isère
place of birth	Eberhard Schoener (born May 13, 1938, Stuttgart) is a German musician, composer, conductor, and arranger.	Eberhard Schoener	Stuttgart
place of birth	N. T. Rama Rao (NTR) was born on 28 May 1923 in Nimmakuru, a small village in Gudivada taluk of Krishna District, which was a part of the erstwhile Madras Presidency of British India.	N. T. Rama Rao	Nimmakuru
place of birth	Gabriela Montero (born May 10, 1970 in Caracas) is a Venezuelan pianist, known in particular for her real-time improvisation of complex musical pieces made ``on the fly'' on themes suggested by her audience and other sources, as well as for performances of standard classical repertoire.	Gabriela Montero	Caracas
place of birth	Lucille Kallen (May 28, 1922, Los Angeles, California -- January 18, 1999, Ardsley, New York) was an American writer, screenwriter, playwright, composer, and lyricist.	Lucille Kallen	Los Angeles
place of birth	Marci Liroff (born February 3, 1958) is a casting director, based in Los Angeles, California, known for her work in film and television.	Marci Liroff	Los Angeles
place of birth	Jean Daniel Abraham Davel, (Major Davel), (20 October 1670, Morrens - 24 April 1723, Vidy) was a soldier and patriot of Vaud.	Abraham Davel	Morrens
place of birth	In the elections in December 1999, Mutabar Tadjibayeva was a candidate for deputy to the Regional Council of Fergana.	Mutabar Tadjibayeva	Fergana
place of birth	Misheck Lungu (born 2 May 1980 in Lusaka) is a Zambian footballer.	Misheck Lungu	Lusaka
place of birth	Brian Dooley (born 16 April 1971 in Crosby, Lancashire) is an English television writer.	Brian Dooley	Crosby
place of birth	Mimi So is a New York City-based jewelry designer of Chinese descent, known for a ``distinctive and definitive fashion vibe'' and a large celebrity clientele.	Mimi So	New York City
place of birth	Philip Schyle (born September 15, 1962 Nouméa, New Caledonia) is a French Polynesian politician and a member of the O Porinetia To Tatou Ai'a political party.	Philip Schyle	Nouméa
place of birth	Benoît Frachon was born on 13 May 1893 in Le Chambon-Feugerolles, Loire, the third of five children in a working-class family.	Benoît Frachon	Le Chambon-Feugerolles
place of birth	Rune Berger (formerly known as Rune Johansen, born 1 April 1978) is a Norwegian footballer who has played for Tromsø, Aalesund and Alta.	Rune Berger	Tromsø
place of birth	Srboljub Markušević (born 5 May 1936 in Prizren, Kingdom of Yugoslavia) is a retired Yugoslav and Bosnian professional footballer and manager.	Srboljub Markušević	Prizren
place of birth	Lorenzo D'Anna (born 29 January 1972 in Oggiono, Province of Lecco) is an Italian football manager and former player who currently manages the Chievo Verona youth team.	Lorenzo D'Anna	Oggiono
place of birth	Abdulaziz Ladan Mohammed (Arabic: عبدالعزيز لادان محمد‎; born 7 January 1991 in Jeddah) is a Saudi Arabian middle-distance runner.	Abdulaziz Ladan	Jeddah
place of birth	Tofig Bakikhanov, a descendant of Baku khans, was born on December 8, 1930, in Baku, in the family of Ahmed--agha Bakikhanov, People's Artist of Azerbaijan.	Tofig Bakikhanov	Baku
place of birth	Wilhelm Molterer (born 14 May 1955 in Steyr) is Vice-President and member of the Management Committee of the European Investment Bank (EIB).	Wilhelm Molterer	Steyr
place of birth	Udo Mechels, born in Brussels on 10 May 1976, is a Belgian singer commonly known simply as Udo.	Udo Mechels	Brussels
place of birth	Vinícius Alberto Nunes or simply Vinícius (born January 7, 1988 in Capivari), is a Brazilian player at the positions of left back and midfielder.	Vinícius Alberto Nunes	Capivari
place of birth	Torsten Gutsche (born June 8, 1968 in Eisenhüttenstadt) is an East German-German sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the late 1990s.	Torsten Gutsche	Eisenhüttenstadt
place of birth	Adelle Davis was born to Charles and Harriette Davis in Lizton, Indiana, USA, on February 25, 1904.	Adelle Davis	Lizton, Indiana
place of birth	Brian Dempsie (born 4 February 1983, in Bellshill, Scotland) former Scottish professional footballer, who played for Motherwell.	Brian Dempsie	Bellshill
place of birth	Fabio Luisi (born 17 January 1959, Genoa) is a Grammy Award-winning Italian conductor.	Fabio Luisi	Genoa
place of birth	Špela Pretnar (born 5 March 1973 in Bled, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former alpine skier.	Špela Pretnar	Bled
place of birth	Eliza Clayland Tomlinson Foster was born in in Wilmington, Delaware and raised by her deceased mother's family-the Claylands in Baltimore.	Eliza Clayland Tomlinson Foster	Wilmington
place of birth	Renan Fernandes Garcia (born June 19, 1986 in Batatais), known as Renan Garcia, or simply Renan, is a Brazilian football midfielder who plays for Al Nasr	Renan Garcia	Batatais
place of birth	Emanuele Brugnoli (Bologna, 1859 -- 1944) was an Italian painter, mainly of vedute of cityscapes of Venice and Northern Italy.	Emanuele Brugnoli	Bologna
place of birth	Peter van Nieuwenhuizen studied physics and mathematics at the University of Utrecht, where he obtained his Ph.D. under the supervision of later Nobel laureate Martinus Veltman.	Peter van Nieuwenhuizen	Utrecht
place of birth	Gurban Gurbanov (Azerbaijani: Qurban Qurbanov; born 13 April 1972 in Zaqatala) is a retired Azerbaijani international footballer, is a currently manager of Qarabağ.	Gurban Gurbanov	Zaqatala
place of birth	Zaven Badoyan (Armenian: Զավեն Բադոյան, born on 22 December 1989 in Yerevan) is an Armenian football player who currently plays winger for the Armenian national team and for Banants.	Zaven Badoyan	Yerevan
place of birth	Paul Geerts (complete name Paulus Josephus Coleta Geerts) (16 May 1937 at Turnhout) is a Flemish comics artist who succeeded Willy Vandersteen as the main artist of the Spike and Suzy series.	Paul Geerts	Turnhout
place of birth	Pyrrhus III, king of Epirus, was a son of Ptolemy and a grandson of Alexander II. He ascended to the throne in 235 BC. Pyrrhus III was assassinated, and he was then succeeded by his cousin Laodamia, or Deidamia (daughter of Pyrrhus II) who was the last of the Phyrrhus line.	Pyrrhus III	Epirus
place of birth	Ricki Wertz (born 1935) is a television personality from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	Ricki Wertz	Pittsburgh
place of birth	Alfred Oppenheim (3 November 1878 in Berlin -- 14 May 1943 at the same place) was a German chemist and gas mantle manufacturer.	Alfred Oppenheim	Berlin
place of birth	Rory Scovel is an American comedian and writer from Greenville, South Carolina.	Rory Scovel	Greenville
place of birth	Alessandro Vita Kouzkin (Russian: Алессандро Вита Кузькин; born 3 September 1992 in Rome, Italy) is a Russian-Italian race car driver.	Alessandro Vita Kouzkin	Rome
place of birth	Michael Zezima (known as Mickey Z) is a writer, editor, blogger and novelist living in New York City.	Mickey Z	New York City
place of birth	Sašo Miloševski (Macedonian Cyrillic: Сашо Милошевски; born 27 April 1968 in Bitola) is a retired Macedonian international football player.	Sašo Miloševski	Bitola
place of birth	Cédric Boussoughou Mabikou (born 20 July 1991 in Moanda) is Gabonese player who plays for AS Mangasport.	Cédric Boussoughou	Moanda
place of birth	Nellie Meadows (1915--2006) was an artist from Clay City, Kentucky whose painting ``Kentucky the Great State'' became the state's official piece during the U.S. bicentennial.	Nellie Meadows	Clay City, Kentucky
place of birth	Bert Gustav Tommy Körberg (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈtɔmːʏ ˈɕɶːrˌbærj)) (Norsjö, 4 July 1948) is a Swedish singer, actor, and musician.	Tommy Körberg	Norsjö
place of birth	Øystein Bache (born 23 September 1960 in Oslo) is a Norwegian comedian and actor.	Øystein Bache	Oslo
place of birth	Robert Delaunay was born in Paris, the son of George Delaunay and Countess Berthe Félicie de Rose.	Robert Delaunay	Paris
place of birth	Adolf Ivar Arwidsson was born in 1791 in Padasjoki in southern Finland.	Adolf Ivar Arwidsson	Padasjoki
place of birth	Gjyste Vulaj (born on July 9, 1977 in the small town of Vuksanlekići, Montenegro) is a very famous Albanian singer who sings Pop music and many other genres.	Gjyste Vulaj	Montenegro
place of birth	Carl Axel Magnus Lindman (6 April 1856 in Halmstad - 21 June 1928) was a Swedish botanist and botanical artist, the son of Carl Christian Lindman and Sophie Fredrique Löhr.	Carl Axel Magnus Lindman	Halmstad
place of birth	Petri Suvanto (born November 13, 1992) is a Finnish racing driver from Seinäjoki.	Petri Suvanto	Seinäjoki
place of birth	Jack Costanzo (born September 24, 1919, Chicago, Illinois) is an American percussionist.	Jack Costanzo	Chicago
place of birth	Mangal Singh Champia (born 9 November 1983 in Jamshedpur) is an Indian archer, who won multiple medals in several International event, including Asian Games.	Mangal Singh Champia	Jamshedpur
place of birth	Piero Braglia (born January 10, 1955 in Grosseto) is an Italian football manager and former player, currently in charge as head coach of Lecce in the Lega Pro division.	Piero Braglia	Grosseto
place of birth	Yuval Spungin (or Yuval Shpungin, Hebrew: יובל שפונגין‎; born 3 April 1987 in Ramat Gan) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League.	Yuval Spungin	Ramat Gan
place of birth	Philippe Ermenault (born 29 April 1969 in Flixecourt) is a French former track cyclist.	Philippe Ermenault	Flixecourt
place of birth	Richard Charles Guthridge (also spelt Gutteridge and Guttridge in different records) was born in Poplar, East London on 11 June 1837, the son of James Gutteridge and Ann Illingworth.	Richard Charles Guthridge	Poplar
place of birth	Lauren LaPonzina (born January 23, 1979, in Baltimore, Maryland) is reporter in the West Palm Beach, Florida area.	Lauren LaPonzina	Baltimore
place of birth	Born in Düren, Max von Schillings was brother to the photographer Carl Georg Schillings.	Max von Schillings	Düren
place of birth	Norbert Mészáros (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈnorbɛrt ˈmeːsaːroʃ); born 19 August 1980 in Pápa) is a Hungarian football player.	Norbert Mészáros	Pápa
place of birth	Béla Hamvas was born on 23 March 1897 in Eperjes (Prešov), in the Sáros County of the Kingdom of Hungary (present-day Slovakia).	Béla Hamvas	Eperjes
place of birth	Petr Altrichter (born May 24, 1951 in Frenštát pod Radhoštěm, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech conductor.	Petr Altrichter	Frenštát pod Radhoštěm
place of birth	Torin Koos (born July 19, 1980, in Minneapolis) is an American cross country skier who has competed since 1998.	Torin Koos	Minneapolis
place of birth	Jonathan Anthony Solis Lapus (or known as John Lapus or simply Sweet, born July 7, 1973 in Manila) is a Filipino actor, host and comedian.	John Lapus	Manila
place of birth	Mary Schneider AM, (25 October 1932, Rockhampton, Queensland) is an Australian singer, songwriter and performer, who is a master at the classic Swiss Alpine style, she is best known for yodelling the works of various standards by many a classic composer.	Mary Schneider	Rockhampton
place of birth	Malbim was born in Volochysk, Volhynia to Yehiel Michel Wisser and his wife.	Malbim	Volochysk
place of birth	Franko B (born Franco Bosisio in Milan in 1960) is an Italian performance artist based in London.	Franko B	Milan
place of birth	Georges Wybo was born in Paris in 1880, the son of a jeweler.	Georges Wybo	Paris
place of birth	Born in Modena, Raffaele Scapinelli di Leguigno studied at the seminary in Reggio-Emilia before being ordained to the priesthood in 1884.	Raffaele Scapinelli di Leguigno	Modena
place of birth	Born in Usurbil, Gipuzkoa, Txusta graduated from Real Sociedad's youth system, and made his debuts with the reserves in the 2003--04 season, in Segunda División B. In 2005, he signed for neighbouring SD Beasain from Tercera División.	Txusta	Usurbil
place of birth	Ognjen Sviličić (born 1971 in Split) is a Croatian screenwriter and film director noted for his critically acclaimed 2007 film Armin.	Ognjen Sviličić	Split
place of birth	Jesús Manuel Montané Juvillà (Barcelona, 1972) is a film director, writer and journalist.	Jesús Manuel Montané	Barcelona
place of birth	Benjamin Abram was born to a Jewish family on 23 September 1846 in Marseille.	Benjamin Abram	Marseille
place of birth	Daxiong was born December 25, 1975 in Jilin province, China, and developed an enjoyment for illustrating at an early age.	Daxiong	Jilin
place of birth	Paul-Joseph Delcloche, a Flemish painter of interiors and battle-pieces, was born at Namur in 1716.	Paul-Joseph Delcloche	Namur
place of birth	Walker Whiteside was born on March 16, 1869, near the confluence of the Wabash and Eel rivers at Logansport in northern Indiana.	Walker Whiteside	Logansport
place of birth	Steven Schrader is an American writer from New York City.	Steven Schrader	New York City
place of birth	Pedro Benoit was born in Buenos Aires in 1836 to María Josefa de las Mercedes Leyes and Pierre Benoit, a French émigré who had left his homeland following the Bourbon Restoration.	Pedro Benoit	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Tasia Valenza (born April 5, 1967 in New York City) is an American actress who has most recently found acclaim as a voice actress.	Tasia Valenza	New York City
place of birth	Jarvin Skeete (born August 03, 1981) is a former Saint Lucian footballer who played for the Saint Lucia national football team, and played in the National Premier League, and the Canadian Soccer League.	Jarvin Skeete	Saint Lucia
place of birth	Daniel Munduruku (Belém do Pará, February 28, 1964) is a Brazilian writer and educator.	Daniel Munduruku	Belém
place of birth	Robert Leuci (February 28, 1940 -- October 12, 2015) was a detective with the New York City Police (NYPD), US, known for his work exposing corruption in the police department and the criminal justice system.	Robert Leuci	New York City
place of birth	Hana Benešová (born 19 April 1975 in Čáslav) is a retired Czech sprinter who competed in the 200 and 400 metres.	Hana Benešová	Čáslav
place of birth	Philippe Gas (born 1964 in at Rueil-Malmaison) was the president of Euro Disney S.A.S., the management company of Euro Disney S.C.A. and Euro Disney Associés S.C.A., the operator of Disneyland Paris until September 2014.	Philippe Gas	Rueil-Malmaison
place of birth	Engelbert II of Nassau, Engelbrecht in Dutch (17 May 1451 -- 31 May 1504), was count of Nassau and Vianden and lord of Breda, Lek, Diest, Roosendaal, Nispen and Wouw.	Engelbert II of Nassau	Breda
place of birth	Manfred Wong (Chinese: 王文雋; Wong Man-Chun) (born 1 January 1957 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong radio personality, film producer, screenwriter, director and actor.	Manfred Wong	Hong Kong
place of birth	Born in La Madeleine, Nord as the seventh of nine children in a family of workers, Jeannette Vermeersch joined the workforce at the age of ten, despite the fact that at the time, children under the age of 13 were legally prohibited from working.	Jeannette Vermeersch	La Madeleine
place of birth	Sharon Morgan (born 29 August 1949 in Llandyfaelog, Carmarthenshire) is a Welsh actress of stage and screen, currently based in Cardiff.	Sharon Morgan	Llandyfaelog
place of birth	Ivar Stukolkin (born August 13, 1960 in Tallinn) is a retired Estonian swimmer.	Ivar Stukolkin	Tallinn
place of birth	Zhang Jiaxiang, astronomer, was born in Oct. 1932 in Nanjing, Jiangsu province.	Zhang Jiaxiang	Nanjing
place of birth	Vincent M. Ferrara, also known as ``The Animal'', (born 1949 North End, Boston, Massachusetts) is an Italian-American mobster from Boston, Massachusetts and former Capo of the New England based Patriarca crime family of La Cosa Nostra.	Vincent M. Ferrara	Boston
place of birth	Victoria Newton (born 9 March 1972 in Liverpool, England) is the editor of The Sun on Sunday She ran the ``Bizarre'' showbiz column of Rupert Murdoch's The Sun and then became deputy editor of the paper.	Victoria Newton	Liverpool
place of birth	Giorgi Oniani (born 7 September 1983, in Tbilisi) is a Georgian retired Association football defender.	Giorgi Oniani	Tbilisi
place of birth	Jonathan Scarth was born in Whitby, Yorkshire, England, the son of Thomas Scarth, a Quaker ship owner.	Jonathan Scarth	Whitby
place of birth	Jens Podevijn (born 18 July 1989 in Aalst) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a striker and who plays for FCV Dender EH.	Jens Podevijn	Aalst
place of birth	Paolo Di Cioccio (born 1963 in Rome) is an oboist and composer.	Paolo Di Cioccio	Rome
place of birth	Blažo Rajović (Cyrillic: Блaжo Pajoвић, born 26 March 1986 in Titograd, current Podgorica) is a Montenegrin football player.	Blažo Rajović	Podgorica
place of birth	Rolando Sá Nogueira, (Lisbon, May 19, 1921 -- November 18, 2002), was one of the most important painters of his generation; according to José Augusto França, he belongs to the third wave of 20th Century modern Portuguese painters (1).	Sá Nogueira	Lisbon
place of birth	Nader al-Masri (Arabic: نادر المصري‎; born 1980) is a Palestinian Olympic athlete from Beit Hanoun in the Gaza Strip.	Nader al-Masri	Beit Hanoun
place of birth	Robenval Benvindo dos Santos (born March 14, 1985 in Aracaju), is a Brazilian footballer, who is currently playing for Caldense.	Robenval Benvindo dos Santos	Aracaju
place of birth	André Oliveira Farias or simply André Oliveira (born February 10, 1979 in Niterói), is a Brazilian Defender.	André Oliveira Farias	Niterói
place of birth	Ansgar was the son of a noble Frankish family, born near Amiens.	Ansgar	Amiens
place of birth	Abdul Najeeb Qureshi (born February 25, 1988) is an Indian sprinter from Hyderabad.	Abdul Najeeb Qureshi	Hyderabad
place of birth	Marshall Harvey Stone (April 8, 1903, New York City -- January 9, 1989, Madras, India) was an American mathematician who contributed to real analysis, functional analysis, topology and the study of Boolean algebras.	Marshall Harvey Stone	New York City
place of birth	A native of Prague (until 1918, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian province of Bohemia), Siegfried Reginald Wolf played all of his tournaments in Vienna.	Siegfried Reginald Wolf	Prague
place of birth	Francisco Goldman was born in Boston, Massachusetts, to a Catholic Guatemalan mother and Jewish-American father.	Francisco Goldman	Boston
place of birth	Morgan Strebler (born Matthew Glenn Milligan, April 10, 1976 in Sikeston, Missouri) is an American Psychological Illusionist, Actor, Director, Writer and Producer.	Morgan Strebler	Sikeston
place of birth	Joseph Henry Pendleton was born on June 2, 1860 in Rochester, Pennsylvania which is today a suburb of Pittsburgh, to Joseph Rhodes Pendleton and Martha Jane Cross.	Joseph Henry Pendleton	Rochester
place of birth	Cristian Onțel (born 5 April 1998 in Bucharest) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as Right Midfielder for Steaua București.	Cristian Onțel	Bucharest
place of birth	Zaharije Ostojić was a Montenegrin Serb, and was born in 1907 in the village of Gluhi Do, near the Adriatic seaport of Bar in the Principality of Montenegro.	Zaharije Ostojić	Bar
place of birth	Ivan Anton Vasilj (born 5 April 1991 in Zadar) is a Croatian football player, currently playing for Slaven Belupo on loan from Hajduk Split.	Ivan Anton Vasilj	Zadar
place of birth	Stephanie Jacobsen (born Stephanie Chaves-Jacobsen; 22 June 1980) is a Hong Kong-born Australian actress.	Stephanie Jacobsen	Hong Kong
place of birth	Giuseppe Orsi (born 1945 in Piacenza) is an Italian engineer, businessman, and corporate executive.	Giuseppe Orsi	Piacenza
place of birth	Benito Gutmacher (Buenos Aires, 13 February 1950) son of Jewish Polish immigrants, is an actor, author and theatre director.	Benito Gutmacher	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Akim Monet (born February 25, 1968 in Geneva, Switzerland) is an American and Swiss photographer who lives and works in New York and Berlin, Germany.	Akim Monet	Geneva
place of birth	Raffaele De Rosa (born 25 March 1987 in Naples) is an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.	Raffaele De Rosa	Naples
place of birth	Charles Henry Bartlett (6 February 1885, Bermondsey, London -- 30 November 1968, Enfield) was a British track cyclist.	Charles Henry Bartlett	London
place of birth	Hugh Conway, the pen name of Frederick John Fargus (26 December 1847 -- 15 May 1885), was an English novelist born in Bristol, the son of an auctioneer.	Hugh Conway	Bristol
place of birth	César Povolny (born 19 July 1914 in Recklinghausen, date of death unknown); also known as Czeslaw Povolny and listed as Martin Povolny, was a German-French association footballer.	César Povolny	Recklinghausen
place of birth	Edward Sizzerhand also known as Steady Fingaz is a Brooklyn (NYC) born DJ and record producer who has won a number of renown competitions as a DJ and together with his group Square One performed in collaboration with American artists in Europe.	Edward Sizzerhand	Brooklyn
place of birth	Abdolhossein Sepanta was born in the Vagonkhaneh Avenue area in Tehran in 1907.	Abdolhossein Sepanta	Tehran
place of birth	Jussi Tuomola, pen name Juba (born November 8, 1965 in Lahti) is a Finnish cartoonist.	Jussi Tuomola	Lahti
place of birth	Jillian Michaels (born February 18, 1974) is an American personal trainer, businesswoman, author and television personality from Los Angeles, California.	Jillian Michaels	Los Angeles
place of birth	Muhammad Mahfuz was born in Pind Malikan (now renamed Mahfuzabad in his honour) in Rawalpindi district Punjab.	Muhammad Mahfuz	Rawalpindi
place of birth	Wayne MacDonald (born October 12, 1951 in Toronto, Ontario), known by his pen name Taral Wayne, is one of Canada's best known science fiction fan artists, and has been nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Fan Artist eleven times, from 1987-2012.	Taral Wayne	Toronto
place of birth	Michel Martone, (8 January 1974 in Nice) is an Italian jurist and academic.	Michel Martone	Nice
place of birth	Luc Roy (born in Quebec, Canada) is a Québécois actor.	Luc Roy	Quebec
place of birth	Quan Heng (Chinese: 权恒; born 30 September 1989 in Dalian, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Dalian Transcendence.	Quan Heng	Dalian
place of birth	Jean-Claude Passeron (born 1930 in Nice) is a French sociologist and leader of social science studies.	Jean-Claude Passeron	Nice
place of birth	Barry McArthur (born 4 May 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played as a striker in the Football League for Nottingham Forest, Barrow and York City, and in non-League football for Matlock Town.	Barry McArthur	Nottingham
place of birth	Michael Carruth (born 9 July 1967) is a southpaw Irish Olympic boxer from Dublin.	Michael Carruth	Dublin
place of birth	Karl Joseph Eberth (September 21, 1835 -- December 2, 1926) was a German pathologist and bacteriologist who was a native of Würzburg.	Karl Joseph Eberth	Würzburg
place of birth	Hans Op de Beeck (1969, Turnhout) is a Belgian visual artist who lives and works in Brussels.	Hans Op de Beeck	Turnhout
place of birth	Martin Kellerman (born 1973, Växjö) is a Swedish cartoonist, known for the comic strip Rocky.	Martin Kellerman	Växjö
place of birth	Cara Hoffman is a New York City-based writer.	Cara Hoffman	New York
place of birth	Johann Sperl was born (as Johann Spörl) in Buch (now part of Nuremberg, Middle Franconia) in 1840 as an only child of Protestant parents.	Johann Sperl	Nuremberg
place of birth	Roberto Molinelli (Ancona) is an Italian composer, conductor and violist.	Roberto Molinelli	Ancona
place of birth	Fidel Pagés was born and grew up in the Spanish city of Huesca in an upper-middle-class family.	Fidel Pagés	Huesca
place of birth	Catharina Mulder (25 March 1723, in Rotterdam -- 29 June 1798, in Rotterdam), also known as Kaat Mossel , was a Dutch orangist.	Catharina Mulder	Rotterdam
place of birth	Damaine Anthony Radcliff (born June 7, 1983), more commonly known as Damaine Radcliff, is an American film actor who was born in The Bronx, New York City.	Damaine Radcliff	The Bronx
place of birth	Omar Kossoko (born March 10, 1988 in Mantes-la-Jolie, Yvelines) is a French footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Omar Kossoko	Mantes-la-Jolie
place of birth	Pierre d'Aubusson was born in the castle of Le Monteil (today: Le Monteil-au-Vicomte, in the French department of Creuse), the fifth son of Jean d'Aubusson.	Pierre d'Aubusson	Le Monteil-au-Vicomte
place of birth	Heinrich Frauenlob (between 1250-1260 -- 29 November 1318), sometimes known as Henry of Meissen (Heinrich von Meißen), was a Middle High German poet and minnesinger.	Heinrich Frauenlob	Meissen
place of birth	Eliomar dos Santos Silva (born 12 February 1987 in Garanhuns) is a Brazilian football striker who is currently playing for Figueirense.	Eliomar dos Santos Silva	Garanhuns
place of birth	Pope Benedict IX (Latin: Benedictus IX; c. 1012 -- c. 1056), born Theophylactus of Tusculum in Rome, was Pope on three occasions between October 1032 and July 1048.	Pope Benedict IX	Rome
place of birth	Kyle Downes (born March 18, 1983 in Summertown, Tennessee) is a Canadian-American actor, best known for his recurring role as Larry Tudgeman in the Disney Channel Original Series Lizzie McGuire and his characterization of Ezra Friedken in Higher Ground.	Kyle Downes	Summertown
place of birth	According to Jerome's Chronicle, Arnobius, before his conversion, was a distinguished Numidian rhetorician at Sicca Veneria (El Kef, Tunisia), a major Christian center in Proconsular Africa, and owed his conversion to a premonitory dream.	Arnobius	El Kef
place of birth	Following his work with Prince, Fink built his own studio facility StarVu in Minneapolis and started working on many different things, from video game soundtracks to working with K-tel. Doctor Fink also released his own Sony Acid Loop Library entitled Dr. Fink's Funk Factory.	Doctor Fink	Minneapolis
place of birth	Linda Cavanaugh is an award-winning newscaster for NBC affiliate KFOR-TV (channel 4), in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	Linda Cavanaugh	Oklahoma City
place of birth	Jérémie Rhorer (Paris, 1973) is a French harpsichordist, organist and conductor.	Jérémie Rhorer	Paris
place of birth	Born in 1687 in Hangzhou, Jin Nong (金農) became popular as a painter and calligrapher while living as a childless widower in Yangzhou in his sixties.	Jin Nong	Hangzhou
place of birth	Joe Coto (born Miami, Arizona, United States) is an American educator, city councilmember, and a Democratic politician.	Joe Coto	Miami
place of birth	Lossémy Karaboué (born 18 March 1988 in Paris) is an Ivorian footballer currently playing for French side Troyes AC .	Lossémy Karaboué	Paris
place of birth	Gastón Filgueira Méndez (born 8 January 1986 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football player who plays for Náutico in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B.	Gastón Filgueira	Montevideo
place of birth	Juan Bandini was born 1800 in Lima, Peru to José Bandini, a Spanish sea captain.	Juan Bandini	Lima
place of birth	Jarvis was the son of Leonard Jarvis, Sr. and Susan (Scott) Jarvis, he was born in Boston, Massachusetts on October 19, 1781.	Leonard Jarvis	Boston
place of birth	Born in Volta Redonda, Rio de Janeiro, Pedro Castro finished his graduation in prolific Santos FC's youth setup, and was promoted to the first team in January 2012, after impressing with the U-20's.	Pedro Castro	Volta Redonda
place of birth	Eduardo Acevedo Maturana (Montevideo, 1815 - 1863) was a Uruguayan jurist and politician.	Eduardo Acevedo Maturana	Montevideo
place of birth	Laura Freixas (Barcelona, 1958) studied at the French School in her home city.	Laura Freixas	Barcelona
place of birth	Paolo Savona (born 1936, Cagliari) is an Italian economist and university professor.	Paolo Savona	Cagliari
place of birth	Johnny Kelly (born March 9, 1968) is an American drummer, best known as the former drummer for the gothic metal band Type O Negative from Brooklyn, New York.	Johnny Kelly	Brooklyn
place of birth	Gaspare Venturini (Ferrara, documented between 1576 and 1593) was an Italian painter.	Gaspare Venturini	Ferrara
place of birth	Cui Guanghao (Chinese:崔光浩 born April 22, 1979 in Huludao, Liaoning) is a Chinese football player of Korean descent who spent the majority of his career playing for Nanjing Yoyo.	Cui Guanghao	Huludao
place of birth	Tom Kåre Staurvik (born 13 February 1970 in Bodø) is a Norwegian football coach, who is working as a player developer for the women's team Grand Bodø.	Tom Kåre Staurvik	Bodø
place of birth	Neltje Blanchan De Graff was born in Chicago to Liverius De Graff, a proprietor of a men's clothing store, and his wife Alice Fair.	Neltje Blanchan	Chicago
place of birth	Ahmet Kayhan Dede (1898, Pütürge -- August 3, 1998) was a Turkish Sufi master of the 20th century and an important figure in Islamic Mysticism.	Ahmet Kayhan Dede	Pütürge
place of birth	Eduardo Larbanois (August 1 of 1953, Tacuarembó) is a guitarist, songwriter and singer Uruguayan of popular music, best known for integrating the duo Larbanois - Carrero.	Eduardo Larbanois	Tacuarembó
place of birth	Leonard Freed (October 23, 1929 in Brooklyn, New York -- November 29, 2006 in Garrison, New York) was a documentary photojournalist and longtime Magnum member.	Leonard Freed	Brooklyn
place of birth	Flavio Boltro starts playing trumpet at 9 years old and then enters the Turin school of Classical Music ``G.Verdi''.	Flavio Boltro	Turin
place of birth	Erlend Holm (born 17 May 1983 in Ålesund) is a former Norwegian football defender who played for Aalesund until 2008, when he after the season was released.	Erlend Holm	Ålesund
place of birth	John Hill Hewitt (July 11, 1801, New York City--October 7, 1890, Baltimore) was an American songwriter, playwright, and poet.	John Hill Hewitt	New York City
place of birth	Marika Kilius, the daughter of a hairdresser, was born on 24 March 1943 in Frankfurt am Main, Hessen.	Marika Kilius	Frankfurt
place of birth	Saša Kiš (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Киш; born 7 April 1989 in Vrbas) is a Serbian footballer midfielder.	Saša Kiš	Vrbas
place of birth	Gabriel Marques de Andrade Pinto (born March 4, 1988 in Pedro Leopoldo), commonly known as Gabriel Marques, is a Brazilian football player currently playing for Barcelona SC.	Gabriel Marques	Pedro Leopoldo
place of birth	Dawson Fernandes (born 27 July 1990 in Navelim, Goa) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Striker for Salgacar in the I-League.	Dawson Fernandes	Navelim
place of birth	François Debret was the son of Jacques Debret, criminal court clerk of the Parliament of Paris.	François Debret	Paris
place of birth	Corrado Ursi was born in Andria, the son of a baker.	Corrado Ursi	Andria
place of birth	Carl von Rokitansky was born in Hradec Králové (German: Königgrätz), Bohemia.	Carl von Rokitansky	Hradec Králové
place of birth	Josip Brezovec (born 12 March 1986, Varaždin) is a Croatian professional footballer, currently playing for HNK Rijeka in Prva HNL.	Josip Brezovec	Varaždin
place of birth	Jarrod Bannister (born 3 October 1984 in Townsville, Queensland) is an Australian javelin thrower.	Jarrod Bannister	Townsville
place of birth	Aymen Tahar (Arabic: أيمن طاهر‎; born October 2, 1989 in Sheffield) is an Anglo-Algerian professional footballer who plays for Boavista on loan from Steaua București.	Aymen Tahar	Sheffield
place of birth	Emrah Klimenta (born February 13, 1991 in Rožaje, Montenegro) is a Montenegrin born American soccer player currently playing for Sacramento Republic in USL Pro.	Emrah Klimenta	Rožaje
place of birth	Born in Oslo, Janne Kristiansen graduated cand.	Janne Kristiansen	Oslo
place of birth	Ueli Wiget (born in Winterthur, 1957) is a Swiss pianist, harpsichordist and harpist.	Ueli Wiget	Winterthur
place of birth	Mahmoud Namjoo (Persian: محمود نامجو ‎, born 22 Sep, 1918 Rasht - deceased 1990 Tehran) was an Iranian weightlifter and Olympic medalist.	Mahmoud Namjoo	Rasht
place of birth	Cyril Stachura (born 4 September 1965 in Stropkov) is a former football player from Slovakia and recently manager of FC Nitra.	Cyril Stachura	Stropkov
place of birth	Addy Engels (born 16 June 1977 in Emmen, Drenthe) is a former Dutch professional road bicycle racer, who competed between 2000 and 2011.	Addy Engels	Emmen
place of birth	Mauro Bellugi (born 7 February 1950 in Buonconvento) is a former Italian footballer, who played as a defender.	Mauro Bellugi	Buonconvento
place of birth	Eduardo del Río (born June 20, 1934, and better known by his pen name Rius) is a Mexican intellectual, political cartoonist, and writer born in Zamora, Michoacán.	Rius	Zamora
place of birth	Francisco Javier Gomez-Aspron (born 4 February 1985 in London, England), known professionally as Sisco Gomez, is an English dancer and choreographer.	Sisco Gomez	London
place of birth	Ulf Hielscher (born 30 November 1967 in Neubrandenburg, GDR) is a German bobsledder who competed in the 1990s.	Ulf Hielscher	Neubrandenburg
place of birth	Tony Hsieh was born in Illinois and grew up in the San Francisco Bay area of California.	Tony Hsieh	Illinois
place of birth	Emmanuel Koné (born 31 December 1986, in Abongoua) is an Ivorian footballer currently is a player of Apollon Smyrni F.C..	Emmanuel Koné	Abongoua
place of birth	Phalaikos was the ruler of Phocis in Greece before he was ousted.	Phalaikos	Phocis
place of birth	Parviz Kimiavi (Persian: پرويز کيمياوی‎‎; Born 1939, Tehran) is an Iranian (Persian) film director, screenwriter, editor and one of the most prominent figures of Persian cinema of the 20th century.	Parviz Kimiavi	Tehran
place of birth	Louis Klein was born on 25 January 1761 in Blâmont (Meurthe), in the Lorraine region.	Louis Klein	Blâmont
place of birth	Juan de Urbieta Berástegui y Lezo (Hernani, ? - died, 22 August 1553) was a Spanish infantryman who became famous when he captured king Francis I of France near the end of the Battle of Pavia on 24 February 1525.	Juan de Urbieta	Hernani
place of birth	Bernardo Carvalho (Rio de Janeiro, 1960) is a Brazilian author and journalist.	Bernardo Carvalho	Rio de Janeiro
place of birth	François Zahoui (born 21 August 1962 in Treichville) is a former footballer from Côte d'Ivoire, currently serving as the coach of the Niger national team.	François Zahoui	Treichville
place of birth	Asin was born in Cochin (now Kochi) in Kerala to a Syro-Malabar Catholic Nasrani family.	Asin	Kochi
place of birth	Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza (born 25 January 1922) is an Italian population geneticist born in Genoa, who has been a professor at Stanford University since 1970 (now emeritus).	Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza	Genoa
place of birth	A native of Rotterode, Thuringia, Hellmuth Mäder joined the Army in 1936, and by September 1939 was serving as a junior officer with the 34.	Hellmuth Mäder	Rotterode
place of birth	Yordan Letchkov (also transliterated Jordan, Iordan, Lechkov) (Bulgarian: Йордан Лечков) (born 9 July 1967 in Sliven) is a former Bulgarian footballer.	Yordan Letchkov	Sliven
place of birth	William Penn Symons was born on 17 July 1843 at Hatt, Cornwall, the eldest son of William Symons and Caroline Anne (née Southwell).	Penn Symons	Hatt, Cornwall
place of birth	Jules-Benoît Stanislas Doinel du Val-Michel (December 8, 1842, Moulins, Allier -- March 16 or 17, 1903), also simply Jules Doinel, was an archivist and the founder of the first Gnostic church in modern times.	Jules Doinel	Moulins
place of birth	Avraham Ravitz was born in Tel Aviv during the Mandate era.	Avraham Ravitz	Tel Aviv
place of birth	Melina León (born 12 July 1973 as Yamillette Aponte Yunqué in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican merengue singer and actress.	Melina León	Río Piedras
place of birth	Scott Plank was born in Washington, D.C. Plank's last feature film was the movie Holes (2003) starring Sigourney Weaver and Jon Voight, in which he had the supporting role of Trout Walker.	Scott Plank	Washington, D.C.
place of birth	Manfred Bietak (born 6 October 1940, Vienna) is an Austrian archaeologist.	Manfred Bietak	Vienna
place of birth	David Niall Wilson (born 1959 in Clay County, Illinois) is an American writer primarily known for his works of horror, science fiction, and fantasy fiction.	David Niall Wilson	Clay County
place of birth	Vladimir Landsman (born 21 December 1941 in Dushanbe) is a Soviet-Canadian violinist and teacher.	Vladimir Landsman	Dushanbe
place of birth	Brendan Clarke (born 17 September 1985 in Dublin) is an Irish football player who currently plays for St Patrick's Athletic in the League of Ireland	Brendan Clarke	Dublin
place of birth	Richard Conte was born Nicholas Peter Conte on March 24, 1910, in Jersey City, New Jersey, the son of Italian-Americans Julia (Fina), a seamstress, and Pasquale Conte, a barber.	Richard Conte	Jersey City
place of birth	Gino Lawless (born 14 January 1959 in Dublin) was an Irish soccer player during the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.	Gino Lawless	Dublin
place of birth	Wang Fengchun (Chinese: 王奉春; pinyin: Wáng Fèngchūn; born February 2, 1982 in Harbin, Heilongjiang; usually referred to in the media as Fengchun Wang) is a Chinese curler.	Wang Fengchun	Harbin
place of birth	Torsten Spanneberg (born 13 April 1975 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt) is an Olympic medal winning German swimmer.	Torsten Spanneberg	Halle
place of birth	Timur Bolat (born 14 May 1989 in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia) is a Mongolian-born Kazakhstani judoka.	Timur Bolat	Ulaanbaatar
place of birth	Joe Hutshing is an American film editor who grew up in San Diego, California and is best known for working multiple times with film director, Oliver Stone and well as with film director Cameron Crowe (who is also from San Diego, California).	Joe Hutshing	San Diego
place of birth	Denis Dyca (born 11 January 1996 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who plays as a striker for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga.	Denis Dyca	Shkodër
place of birth	Thomas Gann was born in Murrisk Abbey, County Mayo, Ireland, the son of William Gann of Whitstable, England, and Rose Garvey of Murrisk Abbey.	Thomas Gann	Murrisk
place of birth	Lin Chia-sheng (simplified Chinese: 林家圣; traditional Chinese: 林家聖; pinyin: Lín Jiāshèng; born 12 July 1980 in Tainan City) is a Taiwanese football player.	Lin Chia-sheng	Tainan
place of birth	Seaman Bainbridge was born in Providence, Rhode Island as son of the clergyman and scholar William Seaman Bainbridge, and his wife Elizabeth (Seaman) Bainbridge, a missionary and author.	William Seaman Bainbridge	Providence
place of birth	Stanislav Vladimirovich Dumin (born 7 October 1952 in Moscow, Soviet Union) - Russian historian and genealogist and social activist, member of the Heraldry Council under the President of the Russian Federation.	Stanislav Vladimirovich Dumin	Moscow
place of birth	Lu Jiajing (Chinese: 逯佳境; pinyin: Lù Jiājìng; born 18 November 1989 in Shenyang) is a Chinese tennis player.	Lu Jiajing	Shenyang
place of birth	Eilis Flynn (b. Elizabeth Myrtle Smith, on a May 12 in Tacoma, Washington, United States), is an American author of four fantasy romance novels for the publisher, Cerridwen Press.	Eilis Flynn	Tacoma
place of birth	Lieutenant Colonel Óscar Osorio was born in the town of Sonsonate, El Salvador, on December 14, 1910.	Óscar Osorio	Sonsonate, El Salvador
place of birth	Lara Wollington (born 30 March 2003) is a British child actress from Enfield, London, who was the voice of Lucy '64 Zoo Lane and played in West End theatre.	Lara Wollington	London
place of birth	Oona Hart is a model from Evanston, Illinois.	Oona Hart	Evanston
place of birth	Bruno Bizarro (born 8 October 1979 in Lisbon), is a Portuguese composer, often for film soundtracks.	Bruno Bizarro	Lisbon
place of birth	Boris Zaborov (Belarusian: Барыс Абрамавіч Забораў; born 16 October 1935 in Minsk) is a Soviet-trained artist.	Boris Zaborov	Minsk
place of birth	Muricy Ramalho (born November 30, 1955) is a Brazilian head coach and former football player born in São Paulo.	Muricy Ramalho	São Paulo
place of birth	Daniel Maze (born 16 June 1972 in Mortsel, Antwerp as Daniel F. M. H. Maze Moerenhout) is a Belgian film director, writer and producer who started his professional career as a DJ in the Belgian club scene in the '90s, eventually making the transition to music producer.	Daniel Maze	Mortsel
place of birth	Matt Molloy (born 12 January 1947, Ballaghaderreen, County Roscommon) is an Irish musician, from a region known for producing talented flautists.	Matt Molloy	Ballaghaderreen
place of birth	Tiara Thomas, born in Indianapolis, Indiana, is a singer and self-taught guitar player.	Tiara Thomas	Indianapolis
place of birth	Emily Hahn was born in St. Louis, Missouri on January 14, 1905 as one of the six children of Isaac Newton Hahn, a dry goods salesman, and Hannah Hahn, a free-spirited suffragette.	Emily Hahn	St. Louis
place of birth	Alessandro Donati (born 8 May 1979 in Atri, Abruzzo) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer, currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Acqua & Sapone.	Alessandro Donati	Atri, Abruzzo
place of birth	Harry Culverhouse (born 29 October 1990) is a British actor, born in London, England.	Harry Culverhouse	London
place of birth	Elena Kazantseva (born 5 December 1956, in Minsk) is a Belarusian poet and singer-songwriter who writes in the Russian language.	Elena Kazantseva	Minsk
place of birth	Astrid Klein was born in 1951 and trained in Cologne from 1973 to 1977.	Astrid Klein	Cologne
place of birth	Bartolomeo di Tommaso, also known as Bartolomeo da Foligno (born in Foligno, c. 1400, active by 1425, died 1453/54) was an Italian painter of the Umbro-Sienese school.	Bartolomeo di Tommaso	Foligno
place of birth	She was born as Rebecca Shelley in Sugar Valley, Pennsylvania on January 20, 1887, to William Alfred Shelly.	Rebecca Shelley	Sugar Valley, Pennsylvania
place of birth	Javier Gil Valle, aka Javivi (born June 20, 1961 in Hervás, Province of Cáceres), is a Spanish actor.	Javivi	Hervás
place of birth	P. Lion (Pietro Paolo Pelandi) (born June 29, 1959 in Alzano Lombardo) is an Italian singer and musician who achieved his greatest success in the 1980s.	P. Lion	Alzano Lombardo
place of birth	Nyamko Sabuni was born in Bujumbura in Burundi where her father, a left-wing politician from Zaire, lived in exile.	Nyamko Sabuni	Bujumbura
place of birth	Mentewab was born in Qwara province, and was rumored to have had a Portuguese grandparent; because of this, she was often suspected of harboring secret Roman Catholic sympathies.	Mentewab	Qwara
place of birth	Xalîd Reşîd (Kurdish: خالید ڕه‌شید /Xalîd Reşîd‎); was born in Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan, and currently resides in Stockholm, Sweden.	Xalîd Reşîd	Sulaymaniyah
place of birth	Hairuddin Omar (born 29 September 1979 in Setiu), is a Malaysian professional football player currently playing and serve as captain for Terengganu in the Malaysian Super League.	Hairuddin Omar	Setiu
place of birth	Zhang Leping (simplified Chinese: 张乐平; traditional Chinese: 張樂平; pinyin: Zhāng Lèpíng, November 10, 1910 - September 27, 1992) was a Chinese comic artist born in Jiaxing, Zhejiang province.	Zhang Leping	Jiaxing
place of birth	The son of Clarrie and Lesley, David Boon was born in the Northern Tasmanian city of Launceston on 29 December 1960.	David Boon	Launceston
place of birth	Severn Cullis-Suzuki (born November 30, 1979 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian environmental activist, speaker, television host and author.	Severn Cullis-Suzuki	Vancouver
place of birth	Hans Vandekerckhove (born 1957 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian painter, living and working in Ghent.	Hans Vandekerckhove	Kortrijk
place of birth	Arnoud Okken (born 20 April 1982 in Doetinchem) is a Dutch athlete specialising in the 800 metres.	Arnoud Okken	Doetinchem
place of birth	Ricardo Darín was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on January 26, 1957, to actor Ricardo Darín Sr. and actress Renée Roxana.	Ricardo Darín	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Bernie Grant was born in Georgetown, Guyana, to schoolteacher parents, who in 1963 took up the British government's offer to people from the colonies to settle in the UK.	Bernie Grant	Georgetown
place of birth	Nicholas Wapshott was born in Dursley, Gloucestershire, the second of four sons of Raymond and (Olivia) Beryl Wapshott.	Nicholas Wapshott	Dursley
place of birth	Roberto Aballay (born 22 November 1922 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine former football (soccer) player in striker role.	Roberto Aballay	Buenos Aires
place of birth	Aguilar was born José Pascual Antonio Aguilar Márquez Barraza in Villanueva, Zacatecas, the son of Jesús Aguilar Aguilar and Ángela Márquez Barraza Valle, both of Villanueva.	Antonio Aguilar	Villanueva
place of birth	Francis Petre was born in 1847 at Petone, today a suburb of Lower Hutt in the North Island, which was one of the earliest British settlements in New Zealand.	Francis Petre	Lower Hutt
place of birth	German Sterligov was born in Zagorsk (today Sergiyev Posad), Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.	German Sterligov	Sergiyev Posad
place of birth	Zack Silva (born May 9, 1980 in Orcas Island, Washington) is an American actor known for his role as Alex Thomas on Desire.	Zack Silva	Orcas Island
place of birth	Ayumu Nedefuji (born 7 April 1994 in Otaru) is a Japanese snowboarder.	Ayumu Nedefuji	Otaru
place of birth	Anette Bøe (born 5 November 1957 in Larvik) is a former Norwegian cross-country skier.	Anette Bøe	Larvik
place of birth	Buddy Landel (August 14, 1961 -- June 22, 2015), better known as ``Nature Boy'' Buddy Landel, was an American professional wrestler born in Knoxville, Tennessee.	Buddy Landel	Knoxville
place of birth	Born in Bolton, Lancashire, the son of a Welsh railway guard, Glyn Owen left school aged 14 and worked in a telegraph office.	Glyn Owen	Bolton
place of birth	Georgi Velinov Velinov (Bulgarian: Георги Велинов Велинов; born 5 October 1957 in Ruse), nicknamed Johnny, is a former Bulgarian footballer and football manager.	Georgi Velinov	Ruse
place of birth	Susan Cookson (born 20 April 1965 in Manchester) is an English television actress.	Susan Cookson	Manchester
place of birth	Nelson Ned d'Ávila Pinto (2 March 1947, Ubá -- 6 January 2014, Rio de Janeiro) was a famous Brazilian singer from Ubá, Minas Gerais.	Nelson Ned	Ubá
place of birth	Marco Simone (born 7 January 1969 in Castellanza) is an Italian former professional footballer, who played as a striker or winger, and current manager of Tours FC.	Marco Simone	Castellanza
place of birth	Charlie Chin (born Qin Xianglin, also spelled Chin Hsiang-lin, on May 19, 1948, in Nanjing, China) is a Taiwanese actor.	Charlie Chin	Nanjing
place of birth	Ali Maow Maalin (also Mao Moallim and Mao' Mo'allim) (1954 -- 22 July 2013) was a Somali hospital cook and health worker from Merca who is the last person known to be infected with naturally occurring Variola minor smallpox in the world.	Ali Maow Maalin	Merca
place of birth	Jasimuddin was born in the village of Tambulkhana in Faridpur District on 30 October 1903 in the house of his maternal uncle.	Jasimuddin	Faridpur District
place of birth	Eddie Elguera, (born November 12, 1962 in Bellflower, California) is a 2-time world champion skateboarder and Senior Pastor of The Rock Church of Coachella Valley, in the Palm Springs area of Southern California.	Eddie Elguera	Bellflower
place of birth	Griffin Boice, is an American record producer, mixer, songwriter, and composer from Rexburg, Idaho.	Griffin Boice	Rexburg
place of birth	Bruno Henrique Corsini, simply known as Bruno Henrique (born 21 October 1989 in Apucarana), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Corinthians.	Bruno Henrique Corsini	Apucarana
place of birth	Born in Budapest, Szabó is the son of Mária (née Vita) and István Szabó, the latter of whom was a doctor from a long line of doctors.	István Szabó	Budapest
place of birth	Sergei Borisovich Novikov (Russian: Серге́й Борисович Новиков; born June 13, 1961 in Moscow) is a retired Soviet and Russian professional football player.	Sergei Borisovich Novikov	Moscow
place of birth	Ivan Fuksa (born July 15, 1963, in Příbram) is a Czech local politician.	Ivan Fuksa	Příbram
place of birth	Jakub Hrůša (born 23 July 1981 in Brno), is a Czech conductor, the son of the architect Petr Hrůša.	Jakub Hrůša	Brno
place of birth	Margit Sandemo was born 23 April 1924 in a farm in Lena, Østre Toten, Valdres, Norway.	Margit Sandemo	Valdres
place of death	Luis Pardo Villalón (born Santiago, Chile, 20 September 1882--died Santiago, 21 February 1935) was the captain of the Chilean steam tug Yelcho which rescued the 22 stranded crewmen of Sir Ernest Shackleton's ship Endurance from Elephant Island, Antarctica, in August 1916.	Luis Pardo	Santiago
place of death	Achilles Statius (or Aquiles Estaço) (12 June 1524 -- 28 September 1581) was a Portuguese humanist and writer, since 1555 living in Rome, where he was a secretary of the pope.	Achilles Statius	Rome
place of death	Arnold Szyfman (23 November 1882 in Ulanów - 11 January 1967 in Warsaw) was a Polish theatre director and stage director.	Arnold Szyfman	Warsaw
place of death	Alfred Schlemm died on 24 January 1986 at Ahlten near Hannover.	Alfred Schlemm	Ahlten
place of death	General John Pershing listed George Dilboy as ``one of the ten great heroes'' who ``died in the battlefield of France with super-human heroism and valor.''	George Dilboy	France
place of death	Andrzej Kusionowicz Grodyński (22 October 1861 -- 24 July 1925), baptized as Andrzej Szymon Kusionowicz, was a Polish lawyer who worked as a Silesian circuit judge based in Cieszyn for much of his career.	Andrzej Kusionowicz Grodyński	Cieszyn
place of death	Zsigmond Czakó (Dés, June 20, 1820 -- Pest, December 14, 1847) was a Hungarian actor and playwright.	Zsigmond Czakó	Pest
place of death	Tahsin Yazıcı (1892 in Monastir, Ottoman Empire (now Macedonia) -- February 11, 1971 in Ankara, Turkey) was an Ottoman Army officer and later a Turkish Army general and politician.	Tahsin Yazıcı	Ankara
place of death	Mathias Albani (1621-1673) was a violin maker from Botzen (now Bolzano in South Tyrol).	Mathias Albani	Bolzano
place of death	John H. McAvoy was the founder of the McAvoy Brewing Company in Chicago, Illinois and was elected Alderman of the 3rd ward of Chicago in 1869.	John H. McAvoy	Chicago
place of death	Christoph Bernhard Francke, also known as Bernhard Christoph Francken (c. 1660-1670, Hanover - 18 January 1729, Braunschweig) was a German military officer and painter in the Baroque style.	Christoph Bernhard Francke	Braunschweig
place of death	In 1925, Helmy Bahgat Badawi obtained his Law License degree from the Egyptian University in Cairo, Egypt, and in the following year he joined the Paris-Sorbonne University where he commenced his research work in the field of Commercial law.	Helmy Bahgat Badawi	Cairo
place of death	Eugenio Rignano (31 May 1870 in Livorno -- 9 February 1930 in Milan) was a Jewish Italian philosopher.	Eugenio Rignano	Milan
place of death	Saint Berardo (11th century -- 19 December 1123) is an Italian saint, patron saint of the city and diocese of Teramo.	Saint Berardo	Teramo
place of death	Heinrich Johann Nepomuk von Crantz (Roodt-sur-Eisch, Luxembourg, 25 November 1722 -- 18 January 1799, Judenburg, Austria) was a botanist and a physician.	Heinrich Johann Nepomuk von Crantz	Judenburg
place of death	Claes van Beresteyn (1627 -- 1684), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter who founded a hofje in his hometown of Haarlem.	Claes van Beresteyn	Haarlem
place of death	Françoise de Foix, Comtesse de Châteaubriant (c. 1495 -- 16 October 1537) was a mistress of Francis I of France.	Françoise de Foix	Châteaubriant
place of death	Carlos Zubizarreta was a writer born in Asunción, Paraguay in 1904.	Carlos Zubizarreta	Asunción
place of death	Engelbert I of Nassau (c. 1370, in Dillenburg -- 3 May 1442, in Breda) was a son of Count Johan I of Nassau and Countess Margaretha of the Marck, daughter of Count Adolph II of the Marck.	Engelbert I of Nassau	Breda
place of death	Johanne Nathalie Krebs (born August 5, 1895 in Aarhus , died January 5, 1978 in Copenhagen) was a Danish potter.	Nathalie Krebs	Copenhagen
place of death	Hans Bendel, of Schaffhausen, in Switzerland, was an historical painter and lithographer, and attended the Academy of Munich, under Kaulbach.	Hans Bendel	Schaffhausen
place of death	Walter M. Fitch (May 21, 1929 -- March 10, 2011) was professor of molecular evolution at the University of California, Irvine, until his death, preceded by three years at the University of Southern California and 24 years at the University of Wisconsin--	Walter M. Fitch	Irvine
place of death	Joan Diener died of complications from cancer in New York City, aged 76.	Joan Diener	New York City
place of death	Evelyn Temple Emmett (1871--1970) was the first Director of the Tasmanian Government Tourist Bureau and a founder of the Hobart Walking Club.	Evelyn Temple Emmett	Hobart
place of death	Friedrich Specht (6 May 1839 Lauffen am Neckar - 12 June 1909 Stuttgart), was a German painter and natural history illustrator.	Friedrich Specht	Stuttgart
place of death	Elihu Burritt was born December 8, 1810, in the town of New Britain, Connecticut.	Elihu Burritt	New Britain, Connecticut
place of death	Anatoly Lutikov (5 February 1933 in Leningrad -- 15 October 1989 in Tiraspol) was a Russian chess player.	Anatoly Lutikov	Tiraspol
place of death	Bohdan Ihor Antonych (Ukrainian: Богдан-Ігор Антонич; 5 October 1909, Nowica -- 6 July 1937, Lviv) was a 20th-century Ukrainian poet.	Bohdan Ihor Antonych	Lviv
place of death	Adolph Friedländer (17 April 1851 -- 7 July 1904) was a famed German lithographer of posters and a publisher hailing from Hamburg.	Adolph Friedländer	Hamburg
place of death	Adolphe Ganot (born 1804 in Rochefort, Charente-Maritime, France; died 1887 in Paris) was a French author and publisher of physics textbooks.	Adolphe Ganot	Paris
place of death	Adolf Holm (Lubeck, 8 August 1830 -- Freiburg im Breisgau, 9 June 1900) was a German historian of antiquity.	Adolf Holm	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	John Absolon (London 1815 -- May 5, 1895) was a British watercolourist.	John Absolon	London
place of death	Mathieu Kessels (20 May 1784 - 4 March 1836) was a Dutch Neoclassical sculptor who mainly worked in Rome.	Mathieu Kessels	Rome
place of death	Jules Schmalzigaug (Antwerp, 1882 or 1883 (the sources have different data) -- The Hague, 13 May 1917) was a Belgian futurist painter.	Jules Schmalzigaug	The Hague
place of death	Jack Montrose (December 30, 1928 in Detroit, Michigan -- February 7, 2006 in Las Vegas, Nevada) was a jazz tenor saxophonist and arranger.	Jack Montrose	Las Vegas
place of death	Rudolf Grauer (20 August 1870, Hellbrunn, Salzburg -- 17 December 1927, Vienna) was an Austrian explorer and zoologist.	Rudolf Grauer	Vienna
place of death	Alberto Cañas Escalante (16 March 1920 -- 14 June 2014) was a politician, writer, intellectual, public servant, and journalist from San José, Costa Rica.	Alberto Cañas Escalante	San José
place of death	Christoph Friedrich Bretzner (10 December 1748 -- 31 August 1807) was a Leipzig merchant famous for writing the libretto to a singspiel Belmont und Constanze, oder Die Entführung aus dem Serail, produced in Berlin and adapted in 1782 by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Gottlieb Stephanie as Die Entführung aus dem Serail.	Christoph Friedrich Bretzner	Leipzig
place of death	Bedřich Golombek (born February 5, 1901 in Hrušov, today part of Ostrava -- March 31, 1961 in Brno) was a Czech journalist and writer.	Bedřich Golombek	Brno
place of death	Vasyl Makukh (1927-1968) was a Ukrainian who on November 5, 1968 committed suicide by self-immolation at Khreshchatyk, Kiev in protest against the Soviet occupation of Ukraine.	Vasyl Makukh	Kiev
place of death	Kasriel Hirsch Sarasohn (b. Paiser, Suwalki Province, Congress Poland, 1835 - d. New York City, Jan. 12, 1905) was a Jewish-American journalist who published several newspapers in New York.	Kasriel Hirsch Sarasohn	New York City
place of death	Auguste Maure (Marseille, 1840 - Biskra, 1907) is a French 19th-century photographer.	Auguste Maure	Biskra
place of death	Jean-Pascal Delamuraz (1 April 1936 in Vevey -- 4 October 1998 in Lausanne) was a Swiss politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council (1983--1998).	Jean-Pascal Delamuraz	Lausanne
place of death	Arne Brustad (Oslo, 14 April 1912 -- 22 August 1987) was a Norwegian footballer.	Arne Brustad	Oslo
place of death	James E. Keller (August 13, 1942 -- June 2, 2014) was an American judge born in Harlan, Kentucky, whose judicial career was centered in Lexington, Kentucky.	James E. Keller	Lexington
place of death	Jean Crasset (b. at Dieppe, France, 3 January 1618; d. at Paris, 4 January 1692) was a French Jesuit theologian, known as an ascetical writer.	Jean Crasset	Paris
place of death	Enayatollah Reza (Persian: عنایت‌الله رضا‎; born June 18, 1920 in Rasht, died July 20, 2010 in Tehran) was an Iranian historian and professor of philosophy, a former member of the Iranian Communist Party, and a former Iranian military officer.	Enayatollah Reza	Tehran
place of death	Theodor Escherich (29 November 1857 -- 15 February 1911) was a German-Austrian pediatrician and a professor at universities in Graz and Vienna.	Theodor Escherich	Vienna
place of death	Hans-Otto Meissner (4 June 1909 in Strasbourg -- 8 September 1992 in Unterwössen, Germany) was a German writer and novelist.	Hans-Otto Meissner	Unterwössen
place of death	Aymeric of Piacenza (born Piacenza, Italy; died 19 August 1327, Bologna) was an Italian Dominican scholar, who became Master of the Order of Preachers.	Aymeric of Piacenza	Bologna
place of death	Caterina Gabrielli was the daughter of a cook in the service of prince Gabrielli, in Rome.	Caterina Gabrielli	Rome
place of death	Kurt Heegner (German: (ˈheːɡnɐ); 16 December 1893 -- 2 February 1965) was a German private scholar from Berlin, who specialized in radio engineering and mathematics.	Kurt Heegner	Berlin
place of death	Cornelis Kruys (1619, Haarlem -- 1660, Schiedam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Cornelis Kruys	Schiedam
place of death	Nicéphore Niépce died of a stroke on 5 July 1833, financially ruined by the semi-delirious spending of Claude such that his grave in the cemetery of Saint-Loup de Varennes was financed by the municipality.	Nicéphore Niépce	Saint-Loup de Varennes
place of death	Giorgio Belloni (Codogno (Lodi), 1861 -- Azzano di Mezzegra (Como), 1944) was an Italian painter.	Giorgio Belloni	Mezzegra
place of death	Bennie Moten (November 13, 1894 -- April 2, 1935) was an American jazz pianist and band leader born in Kansas City, Missouri.	Bennie Moten	Kansas City
place of death	François Jacquier (born at Vitry-le-François, 7 June 1711; died at Rome, 3 July 1788) was a French Franciscan mathematician and physicist.	François Jacquier	Rome
place of death	Gaspare Ambrosini (24 October 1886 in Favara, Sicily -- 1986 in Rome) was an Italian jurist and statesman.	Gaspare Ambrosini	Rome
place of death	Eugène Vaillé (10 August 1875, Bédarieux, Hérault - 1959, Riols) was a French postal historian and the first curator of the postal museum of France, now La Poste's Museum, from 1946 to 1955.	Eugène Vaillé	Riols
place of death	Borhan Abu Samah (30 November 1964 -- 29 October 1999) was a Singaporean footballer who played for the Singapore national team in the 1990s.	Borhan Abu Samah	Singapore
place of death	Augustus Earle (c. 1793 -- 1838) was a London-born travel artist.	Augustus Earle	London
place of death	Max Rudolf Kaufmann (29 April 1886 in Basel, Switzerland - 1963 in Bonn, Germany), was a Swiss author, translator from Turkish, and journalist, who worked and published in Switzerland, Turkey, the United States and Germany.	Max Rudolf Kaufmann	Bonn
place of death	Radcliffe Killam (July 1, 1910 -- September 8, 2007) was a wealthy oilman, rancher, businessman, and philanthropist in Laredo, the seat of Webb County in south Texas.	Radcliffe Killam	Laredo
place of death	Ali-Naqi Vaziri (1887 in Tehran, Iran -- September 9, 1979) was a musicologist, composer, a celebrated player of the tar, and the founder of the Academy of Music of Iran as well of Iran's National Orchestra.	Ali-Naqi Vaziri	Tehran
place of death	Juan Bautista Azopardo (19 February 1772 in Senglea, Malta -- 23 October 1848 in Buenos Aires) was a Maltese Privateer and military man who fought under the flags of the Netherlands, Spain and Argentina.	Juan Bautista Azopardo	Buenos Aires
place of death	Antonio Mario La Pergola (13 November 1931, Catania - 19 July 2007, Rome), Italian jurist, Advocate General and later Judge of the European Court of Justice of the European Union in Luxembourg, President of the Venice Commission of the Council of Europe in Strasbourg.	Antonio Mario La Pergola	Rome
place of death	Charles de l'Écluse, L'Escluse, or Carolus Clusius (Arras, February 19, 1526 -- Leiden, April 4, 1609), seigneur de Watènes, was a Flemish doctor and pioneering botanist, perhaps the most influential of all 16th-century scientific horticulturists.	Carolus Clusius	Leiden
place of death	Johann Heinrich Strack (6 July 1805, Bückeburg - 13 June 1880, Berlin) was a German architect of the Schinkelschule.	Heinrich Strack	Berlin
place of death	Julius Reinhard Oppel (Grünberg, Hesse 1878-Leipzig, 1941) was a German composer.	Reinhard Oppel	Leipzig
place of death	Beatriz de Bobadilla y Ossorio (Medina del Campo, 1462 - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, 1501) was the daughter of Juan de Bobadilla and the niece of her namesake Beatriz de Bobadilla.	Beatriz de Bobadilla y Ossorio	Las Palmas de Gran Canaria
place of death	Alexandros Kontostavlos (1789, Chios -- 1865, Athens) was a Greek banker, magnate and politician.	Alexandros Kontostavlos	Athens
place of death	William Adam Piper (May 21, 1826, Pennsylvania -- August 5, 1899, San Francisco) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from California.	William Adam Piper	San Francisco
place of death	Eleanore Deirdre O'Connell (16 June 1939 -- 9 June 2001) was an Irish American actress, singer, and theatre director who founded the Focus Theatre in Dublin, Ireland.	Deirdre O'Connell	Dublin
place of death	Johann Sölch (16 October 1883 in Penzing, near Vienna -- 10 September 1951 in Kitzbühel) was an Austrian geographer, largely known for his geomorphological studies of the Eastern Alps.	Johann Sölch	Kitzbühel
place of death	Lorenzo Fasolo (1463--1518), called Lorenzo di Pavia, was a Lombard painter living in the early part of the 16th century, who went from Pavia to Genoa, and was one of the artists employed by Lodovico Sforza in 1490 in the decorations of the Porta Giovia Palace at Milan.	Lorenzo Fasolo	Genoa
place of death	Dorothea Viehmann was born as Katharina Dorothea Pierson in Rengershausen near Kassel as the daughter of a tavern owner.	Dorothea Viehmann	Kassel
place of death	Johannes Haarklou (May 13, 1847 in Haukedalen -- November 26, 1925 in Oslo) was a Norwegian composer, organist, conductor, and music critic.	Johannes Haarklou	Oslo
place of death	Molly Cramer came from a wealthy merchant family in Hamburg.	Molly Cramer	Hamburg
place of death	Domenico di Pace Beccafumi (1486 -- May 18, 1551) was an Italian Renaissance-Mannerist painter active predominantly in Siena.	Domenico di Pace Beccafumi	Siena
place of death	Giovanni Schmidt (c. 1775 in Livorno -- c. after 1839 in Naples) was an Italian librettist.	Giovanni Schmidt	Naples
place of death	Princess Augusta of Württemberg (4 October 1826 in Stuttgart -- 3 December 1898, ibid.)	Princess Augusta of Württemberg	Stuttgart
place of death	Lionel Pickens (December 4, 1983 -- May 17, 2015), better known by his stage name Chinx (formerly Chinx Drugz), was an American rapper from Queens, New York.	Chinx	Queens
place of death	Steven Hoogendijk (1 April 1698 -- 3 July 1788) was a Rotterdam watch and instrument maker and physicist.	Steven Hoogendijk	Rotterdam
place of death	Renato Castellani (4 September 1913 in Finale Ligure, Liguria - 28 December 1985 in Rome) was an Italian film director and screenwriter.	Renato Castellani	Rome
place of death	Thomas Allcot Guy Pocock, writing under the name Tom Pocock, (18 August 1925, London -- 7 May 2007, London) was an English biographer, war correspondent, journalist and naval historian.	Tom Pocock	London
place of death	Wilhelm Mülhens (born 25 June 1762 in Troisdorf and died 6 March 1841 in Köln) was a Cologne perfume designer and manufacturer, and the founder of the Mülhens company, famous for the fragrance ``4711''.	Wilhelm Mülhens	Cologne
place of death	Sir Kenneth MacMillan (11 December 1929 -- 29 October 1992) was a British ballet dancer and choreographer who was artistic director of the Royal Ballet in London between 1970 and 1977, and its principal choreographer from 1977 until his death.	Kenneth MacMillan	London
place of death	Jack Ritchie was born in a room behind his father's tailor shop in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on February 26, 1922.	Jack Ritchie	Milwaukee
place of death	Otto, Count of Lippe-Brake (21 December 1589 -- 18 November 1657 in Blomberg) was the first ruling Count of Lippe-Brake.	Otto, Count of Lippe-Brake	Blomberg
place of death	Jan Michiel Ruyten or Jan Ruyten (Antwerp, 9 April 1813 -- Antwerp, 12 November 1881) was a Belgian Romantic painter, draughtsman and engraver known for his genre paintings, cityscapes, landscapes with figures and history paintings.	Jan Michiel Ruyten	Antwerp
place of death	Ludwig Ruff (* 29 May 1878 in Dollnstein; † 15 August 1934 in Nuremberg) was an architect during the National Socialist regime in Germany, the father of Franz Ruff and responsible for beginning the Nuremberg Party Congress Hall before his death in 1934.	Ludwig Ruff	Nuremberg
place of death	Pieter Gallis (1633 in Enkhuizen -- 1697 in Hoorn), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Pieter Gallis	Hoorn
place of death	This award recognizes extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II. Alfred Siegling was born on 15 March 1918 at Erlau.	Alfred Siegling	Germany
place of death	Alexander Roslin (often spelled Alexandre in French; 15 July 1718 -- 5 July 1793) was a Swedish portrait painter who worked in Scania, Bayreuth, Paris, Italy, and St. Petersburg, primarily for members of aristocratic families.	Alexander Roslin	Paris
place of death	Jedediah Buxton (1707--1772) was a noted English mental calculator, born at Elmton, near Bolsover, in Derbyshire.	Jedediah Buxton	Elmton
place of death	August Kalkmann (24 March 1853, Hamburg -- 19 February 1905, Berlin) was a German classical archaeologist and art historian.	August Kalkmann	Berlin
place of death	Henry MacRae was born in Toronto, Ontario, Canada on August 29, 1876 and died in Beverly Hills, California, USA on October 2, 1944, aged 68.	Henry MacRae	Beverly Hills
place of death	Alexandre-Marie Colin, a French painter of historical and genre subjects, was born in Paris in 1798.	Alexandre-Marie Colin	Paris
place of death	Louis Svećenski (Croatian: Ljudevit ``Lujo'' Svećenski, born Ljudevit Kohn; November 7, 1862 -- June 18, 1926) was notable Croatian - American violist - violinist and rector of the Boston Academy of Music.	Louis Svećenski	Boston
place of death	Jean Guillaume Roquille's birth in Rive-de-Gier, in the industrial Gier valley between Saint-Étienne and Lyon, was recorded on 26 October 1804.	Guillaume Roquille	Rive-de-Gier
place of death	Chief Donnacona (died c. 1539 in France) was the chief of the village of Stadacona, located at the present site of Quebec City, Canada.	Donnacona	France
place of death	Carlos José Solórzano Gutiérrez (17 January 1860 in Managua -- 30 August 1936 in San José, Costa Rica) was the President of Nicaragua between 1 January 1925 and 14 March 1926.	Carlos José Solórzano	San José
place of death	Mario Guiducci (1585--1646) was an Italian astronomer and jurist, born in Florence.	Mario Guiducci	Florence
place of death	Johann Jakob Breitinger (1 March 1701 in Zürich; 14 December 1776) was a Swiss philologist and author.	Johann Jakob Breitinger	Zürich
place of death	Jüri Jaakson VR III/1 (16 January (O.S. 4 January) 1870 in Karula, Viljandi County, Livonia, Russian Empire -- 20 April 1942 in Sosva, Sverdlovsk Oblast, Soviet Union) was an Estonian businessman and politician.	Jüri Jaakson	Sverdlovsk Oblast
place of death	Edwin Le Roy Antony died in Dallas, Texas, and was buried in Oakland Cemetery.	Edwin Le Roy Antony	Dallas
place of death	Paul Peter Ewald, FRS (January 23, 1888 in Berlin, Germany -- August 22, 1985 in Ithaca, New York) was a German crystallographer and physicist, a pioneer of X-ray diffraction methods.	Paul Peter Ewald	New York
place of death	Antun Dobronić (2 April 1878, Jelsa, Croatia -- 12 December 1955, Zagreb, Croatia) was a Croatian composer and pupil of Vítězslav Novák.	Antun Dobronić	Zagreb
place of death	Tomás Burgos Sotomayor (Osorno, September 18, 1875 -- Valdivia, August 19, 1945) was a Chilean philanthropist, one of the strongest supporters of the ``mutualist movement'' and the founder of ``Villa Lo Burgos'', the present city of Purranque.	Tomás Burgos	Valdivia
place of death	Petrus Cunaeus (1586, in Vlissingen -- 2 December 1638, in Leiden) was the pen name of the Dutch Christian scholar Peter van der Kun.	Petrus Cunaeus	Leiden
place of death	Kiel Urban Mueller (July 26, 1944, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania--December 28, 1990, Rancho Mirage, California), professionally known as Kiel Martin, was an American actor best known for his role as lovable rogue Detective John ``J.D.'' La Rue on the 1980s television drama Hill Street Blues.	Kiel Martin	Rancho Mirage
place of death	Moriz Winternitz (Horn, December 23, 1863 -- Prague, January 9, 1937) was a Jewish scholar from Austria who began his Indology contributions working with Max Müller at the Oxford University.	Moriz Winternitz	Prague
place of death	Antonio María Romeu Marrero (Jibacoa, Cuba, 11 September 1876 -- Havana 18 January 1955) was a Cuban pianist, composer and bandleader.	Antonio María Romeu	Havana
place of death	Alec Talbot (13 July 1902 at Cannock, Staffs -- 13 August 1975 at Stourbridge) was a centre-half for Aston Villa during the 1920s and 1930s.	Alec Talbot	Stourbridge
place of death	François-Alfred Delobbe, (1835, Paris - 1920, Paris) was a French painter in the Naturalist style.	François-Alfred Delobbe	Paris
place of death	Francisco Boix Campo (31 August 1920, in Barcelona -- July 1951 Paris) was a photographer who presented photographs that played a role in the conviction of Nazi war criminals.	Francisco Boix	Paris
place of death	Hellmut Lange started his acting career on radio drama shows for the West-German Radio Station SFB (Sender Freies Berlin= Radio Free Berlin).	Hellmut Lange	Berlin
place of death	Yngve Brilioth (1891, Västra Ed -- 1959) was professor for church history, later for Practical theology in Uppsala, Turku and Lund, Lutheran Bishop of Växjö from 1938 to 1950 and Archbishop of Uppsala from 1950 until 1958.	Yngve Brilioth	Uppsala
place of death	Harry Randall Truman (October 30, 1896 -- May 18, 1980) was a resident of the U.S. state of Washington who lived on Mount St. Helens.	Harry Randall Truman	Washington
place of death	Otto Höfler (10 May 1901 -- 25 August 1987 in Vienna) was an Austrian scholar of German studies.	Otto Höfler	Vienna
place of death	Henri Bouchet-Doumenq (13 May 1834, Paris - 1884) (alternate spellings: Bouchet-Doumeng, Bouchet-Doumencq, Boucher-Doumencq, Boucher-Doumeng, Doumenq-Boucher) was a 19th-century French painter who specialized in portraits and landscapes.	Henri Bouchet-Doumenq	Paris
place of death	Jonathan Wild (1682 or 1683 -- 24 May 1725) was a London underworld figure notable for operating on both sides of the law, posing as a public-spirited crimefighter entitled the 'Thief-Taker General'.	Jonathan Wild	London
place of death	Nils Lorens Sjöberg (4 December 1754, Jönköping - 13 March 1822, Stockholm) was a Swedish officer and poet.	Nils Lorens Sjöberg	Stockholm
place of death	The Christians nevertheless obtained possession of them and later the body of Gorgonius was carried to Rome.	Gorgonius	Rome
place of death	Dennis T. Sullivan was the Chief of the San Francisco Fire Department in 1906.	Dennis T. Sullivan	San Francisco
place of death	William J. Collins (1896--1981) was a 20th-century Catholic priest who served as the ninth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1956 to 1963.	William J. Collins	Davenport
place of death	Count Viktor Nikitich Panin (9 April (28 March Old Style) 1801 Moscow -- 13 April (1 April Old Style) 1862 Nice) was conservative Russian Minister of Justice (1841--1862).	Viktor Nikitich Panin	Nice
place of death	Mieczysław Mümler was demobilized in 1946, settled in London where he worked as a baker.	Mieczysław Mümler	London
place of death	Antoni Gołubiew (February 25, 1907 in Vilnius -- June 27, 1979 in Kraków), nicknames Goa, Jan Karol Wayda, Jerzy Cichocki, was a Polish historian, writer and a Catholic publicist.	Antoni Gołubiew	Kraków
place of death	Bryan Mullanphy (born 1809 in Baltimore, Maryland; died June 15, 1851 in St. Louis, Missouri) was the tenth Mayor of St. Louis, serving from 1847 to 1848.	Bryan Mullanphy	St. Louis
place of death	Victor Weisz (25 April 1913 in Berlin, Germany - 22 February 1966 in London, England) was a German-British political cartoonist, drawing under the name of Vicky.	Victor Weisz	London
place of death	Ann Bilansky (born Mary Ann Evards Wright) (c. 1820 Fayetteville, North Carolina -- March 23, 1860 Saint Paul, Minnesota) was an American housewife convicted in 1859 of poisoning her husband with arsenic.	Ann Bilansky	Saint Paul
place of death	Giovanni Bordiga (Novara, 2 April 1854 -- Venice, 16 June 1933 ) was an Italian mathematician who worked on algebraic and projective geometry at the university of Padua.	Giovanni Bordiga	Venice
place of death	Matthys or Matthijs Naiveu (16 April 1647, Leiden -- 4 June 1726, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Matthijs Naiveu	Amsterdam
place of death	Friedrich Preller the Elder (25 April 1804 in Eisenach -- 23 April 1878 in Weimar) was a German landscape painter and etcher.	Friedrich Preller the Elder	Weimar
place of death	Florence Henri (28 June 1893, New York -- 24 July 1982, Laboissière-en-Thelle) was a photographer and artist.	Florence Henri	Laboissière-en-Thelle
place of death	Max Arwed Roßbach (also spelled Rossbach, 24 November 1844 in Plauen - 31 December 1902 in Leipzig) was a German historicist architect in the late 19th century.	Arwed Roßbach	Leipzig
place of death	James of Baux or James of les Baux (French: Jacques des Baux, Italian: Jacopo del Balzo; died 17 July 1383), hereditary Duke of Andria, was Prince of Taranto and the last titular Latin Emperor of Constantinople from 1374 to 1383, and Prince of Achaea from 1382 to 1383.	James of Baux	Taranto
place of death	John McCaul (March 7, 1807 -- April 16, 1887) was an Irish-born Canadian educator, theologian, and the second president of the University of Toronto from 1848 to 1853.	John McCaul	Toronto
place of death	Abiel Foster (August 8, 1735 -- February 6, 1806) was an American clergyman and statesman from Canterbury, New Hampshire.	Abiel Foster	Canterbury, New Hampshire
place of death	Justus Möser (December 14, 1720, Osnabrück -- January 8, 1794, Osnabrück) was a German jurist and social theorist, best known for his innovative history of Osnabrück which stressed social and cultural themes.	Justus Möser	Osnabrück
place of death	Theodor Dannecker (27 March 1913 in Tübingen -- 10 December 1945 in Bad Tölz) was an SS Hauptsturmführer (captain) and one of Adolf Eichmann's associates.	Theodor Dannecker	Bad Tölz
place of death	Élie Ducommun (19 February 1833, Geneva -- 7 December 1906, Bern) was a peace activist.	Élie Ducommun	Bern
place of death	Zdeněk Mlynář (Müller) (22 June 1930, Vysoké Mýto -- 15 April 1997, Vienna) was secretary of Czechoslovak communist party in the years 1968--1970 and an intellectual who went against the grain during a critical time in the development of Eastern European political history.	Zdeněk Mlynář	Vienna
place of death	David de Wied (12 January 1925 -- 21 February 2004) was a Dutch professor of pharmacology at the University of Utrecht.	David de Wied	Utrecht
place of death	Johann Heinrich Jakob Müller (30 April 1809, Kassel, Kingdom of Westphalia -- 3 October 1875, Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German physicist.	Johann Heinrich Jakob Müller	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Georges Marquet (18 September 1886, Jemeppe-sur-Meuse - 27 March 1947, Nice) was a belgian hotel manager, owner of many luxurious hotels in Europe.	Georges Marquet	Nice
place of death	Richard de Capella or Richard of the Chapel (died 1127) was a medieval Bishop of Hereford.	Richard de Capella	Hereford
place of death	Joan Martorell i Montells (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈam mərtuˈɾeʎ)) (born 1833 in Barcelona, died 5 July 1906 in Barcelona) was a Catalan architect and designer.	Joan Martorell	Barcelona
place of death	Rudolf Schottlaender (August 5, 1900 in Berlin, German Empire -- January 4, 1988 in East Berlin, East Germany) was a German philosopher, classical philologist, translator and political publicist of Jewish descent.	Rudolf Schottlaender	East Berlin
place of death	Mohammad Roem ((moˈhamad ˈrʊm); born Temanggung 16 May 1908 -- died Jakarta 24 September 1983) was a diplomat and one of Indonesia's leaders in the Indonesian war for independence.	Mohammad Roem	Jakarta
place of death	Johann Wilhelm Brücke (4 March 1800, Stralsund - 1 April 1874, Berlin) was a German landscape and architecture painter.	Wilhelm Brücke	Berlin
place of death	Although remaining committed to the cause of socialism, Earl Browder remained outside of the Communist Party until his death in Princeton, New Jersey on June 27, 1973.	Earl Browder	Princeton
place of death	From c. 1880 Alfred John West worked alongside his brothers and sisters in his father George West's photographic business 'G West and Son' at 97 High Street in Gosport Hants and later at 72 and 84 Palmerston Road Southsea.	Alfred John West	Southsea
place of death	Vasile Pârvan (Romanian pronunciation: (vaˈsile pɨrˈvan); 28 September 1882, Perchiu, Huruiești, Bacău -- 26 June 1927, Bucharest) was a Romanian historian and archaeologist.	Vasile Pârvan	Bucharest
place of death	John Bower Lewis, QC (March 18, 1817 -- January 24, 1874) was the second mayor of Bytown in 1848, the first mayor of Ottawa from 1855 to 1857, and a member of the 2nd Canadian Parliament from 1872 to 1873.	John Bower Lewis	Ottawa
place of death	Binnie Barnes died in 1998 of natural causes, aged 95, in Beverly Hills, California.	Binnie Barnes	Beverly Hills
place of death	Gonzalo Güell y Morales de los Ríos (16 February 1895 in Havana, Cuba - 2 September 1985 in Coral Gables, Miami-Dade County, Florida USA) was a Cuban lawyer and a career diplomat (1919--1959).	Gonzalo Güell	Coral Gables
place of death	Jimmy Greenhalgh (27 August 1923 -- 31 August 2013) was manager of the English football club Darlington from 1966-1968.	Jimmy Greenhalgh	Darlington
place of death	Gwilherm Berthou (10 May 1908, Paimpol -- 14 March 1951, Rennes) was a Breton nationalist and neo-Druidic bardic poet.	Gwilherm Berthou	Rennes
place of death	Giovanni Livraghi (Milan, 1819 - Bologna, 8 August 1849) was an Italian patriot, who took part in various enterprises of Giuseppe Garibaldi, being part of the Italian legion which he founded in Montevideo in 1843 and participating, as a result, the defense of the Roman Republic.	Giovanni Livraghi	Bologna
place of death	Alberto Domínguez Borrás (San Cristóbal de Las Casas, Chiapas 21 April 1913 -- Mexico City, 2 September 1975) was a Mexican songwriter.	Alberto Domínguez	Mexico City
place of death	François Bigot (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa biɡo); born Bordeaux, 30 January 1703; died Neuchâtel, Switzerland, 12 January 1778) was a French government official.	François Bigot	Neuchâtel
place of death	Teddy Buckner (July 16, 1909 in Sherman, Texas -- September 22, 1994 in Los Angeles, California) was a jazz trumpeter associated with Dixieland music.	Teddy Buckner	Los Angeles
place of death	Pedro de Padilla, (? in Talavera de la Reina -- 1599 in Granada, Spain), a prominent member of the Military Order of Santiago after 1597, captain of the Infantry in Flanders and Maestro de Campo in Naples, Italy.	Pedro de Padilla	Granada
place of death	Arrigo Pedrollo (born Montebello Vicentino, 5 December 1878 - died Vicenza, 23 December 1964) was an Italian composer.	Arrigo Pedrollo	Vicenza
place of death	Narayan Hari Apte, popularly known as Nanasaheb Apte (11 July 1889 -- 14 November 1971) was a Marathi popular novelist & writer of advice books and editor from Maharashtra, India.	Narayan Hari Apte	Maharashtra
place of death	Caffaro di Rustico da Caschifellone (c. 1080 -- c. 1164) was a statesman, diplomat, admiral and historian of the Republic of Genoa.	Caffaro di Rustico da Caschifellone	Genoa
place of death	Viacheslav Chornovil (Ukrainian: Вячесла́в Макси́мович Чорнові́л) (December 24, 1937 in Yerky, Katerynopil Raion, Kiev Oblast -- March 25, 1999, near Boryspil, Kiev Oblast) was a Ukrainian politician.	Viacheslav Chornovil	Boryspil
place of death	Félix Coquereau (28 November 1808, Laval - 9 November 1866, Paris) was chief almoner to the French Navy.	Félix Coquereau	Paris
place of death	Georges Besse (25 December 1927, in Clermont-Ferrand, France -- 17 November 1986, in Paris) was a French businessman who led several large state-controlled French companies during his lifetime.	Georges Besse	Paris
place of death	Walter Grundmann (21 October 1906, Chemnitz - 30 August 1976, Eisenach) was a German Protestant theologian and anti-Semitic Nazi and Stasi collaborateur during the Third Reich and GDR.	Walter Grundmann	Eisenach
place of death	Jerzy Kluger (5 April 1921 -- 31 December 2011) was a Polish Jewish businessman who lived in Rome.	Jerzy Kluger	Rome
place of death	Enid Blyton was born on 11 August 1897 in East Dulwich, London, the eldest of three children, to Thomas Carey Blyton (1870--1920), a cutlery salesman, and his wife Theresa Mary (née Harrison; 1874--1950).	Enid Blyton	London
place of death	West trained as an actress in London, taking the name 'Rebecca West' from the rebellious young heroine in Rosmersholm by Henrik Ibsen.	Rebecca West	London
place of death	André Pilette (6 October 1918, in Paris, France -- 27 December 1993, in Etterbeek, Belgium ), son of former Indy 500 participant Théodore Pilette, was a racing driver from Belgium.	André Pilette	Etterbeek
place of death	Thomas Dachser (13 March 1906 in Haldenwang (near Günzburg) - 11 April 1979 in Munich) was a German businessman.	Thomas Dachser	Munich
place of death	Maria Bolognesi was born in 1924 in Rovigo and received the name of her stepfather.	Maria Bolognesi	Rovigo
place of death	Edmundo O'Gorman O'Gorman (24 November 1906 in Mexico City -- 28 September 1995 in Mexico City) was a Mexican writer, historian and philosopher.	Edmundo O'Gorman	Mexico City
place of death	Dora Davidsohn was born in Berlin into a Jewish family.	Dora Davidsohn	Berlin
place of death	Jean-Paul de Saumeur (off Marseille, 1598 -- Toulon, 20 December 1667), often called Chevalier Paul was a French admiral who served in several Mediterranean campaigns.	Chevalier Paul	Toulon
place of death	The Master of Frankfurt (1460--c. 1533) was a Flemish Renaissance painter active in Antwerp between about 1480 and 1520.	Master of Frankfurt	Antwerp
place of death	Isabella Fabbrica (Milan, c. 1802 -- Turin, c. 1860) was an Italian operatic contralto.	Isabella Fabbrica	Turin
place of death	Tilemann Heshusius (also Hesshus, Heßhusen, Hess Husen, Heshusen (November 3, 1527 in Wesel--September 25, 1588 in Helmstedt) was a Gnesio-Lutheran theologian.	Tilemann Heshusius	Helmstedt
place of death	Vladimir Grigoryevich Zakharov (born on the 18th of September 1901 in Bogodukhov, today part of Donetsk, and died in 1956 on July 13 in Moscow,) was a Soviet Russian composer.	Vladimir Grigoryevich Zakharov	Moscow
place of death	John of Legnano (Italian: Giovanni da Legnano; ca. 1320 -- February 1383) was an Italian jurist, a canon lawyer at the University of Bologna and the most prominent defender of Urban VI at the outbreak of the Western Schism.	John of Legnano	Bologna
place of death	Marcel Kint (20 September 1914 in Zwevegem -- 23 March 2002 in Kortrijk) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who won 31 races between 1935 and 1951.	Marcel Kint	Kortrijk
place of death	Jan Bouman (Amsterdam, 28 August 1706 - Berlin, 6 September 1776) was a Dutch architect, mainly notable for his work as designer and general contractor on the Dutch Quarter in Potsdam.	Jan Bouman	Berlin
place of death	Philipp Albert Stapfer (Bern, 23 September 1766 -- Paris, 27 March 1840) was a Swiss politician and philosopher.	Philipp Albert Stapfer	Paris
place of death	Jean Agélou (16 October 1878--Gien, France, 1921) was a French photographer of the 1910s and 1920s, best known for his erotic and nude photographs made at the beginning of the 20th century.	Jean Agélou	Gien
place of death	In 1846 he went to the spa of Druskienniki (Druskininkai), but the treatment was unsuccessful and Jan Czeczot died on 23 August of the following year.	Jan Czeczot	Druskininkai
place of death	Roberts Rugh was born to Arthur and Gertrude (Roberts) Rugh in Springfield, Ohio on April 16, 1903 and died on 11 November 1978 in Bethesda, Maryland.	Roberts Rugh	Bethesda
place of death	Nicolas Vleughels (1668, Paris - 1737, Rome) was a French painter.	Nicolas Vleughels	Rome
place of death	Harry Farjeon was born on 6 May 1878 in Hohokus Township, New Jersey, United States, the eldest son of author Benjamin Farjeon, who was from the East End of London, and Margaret, the daughter of American actor Joseph Jefferson.	Harry Farjeon	London
place of death	Josef Skupa (16 January 1892 in Strakonice -- 8 January 1957 in Prague) was a Czech puppeteer.	Josef Skupa	Prague
place of death	When not traveling Luc Leestemaker lived and worked in Los Angeles, California.	Luc Leestemaker	Los Angeles
place of death	Pierre Johanns (1 April 1882, Heinerscheid, Luxembourg - 8 February 1955, Arlon, Belgium) was a Luxemburger Jesuit priest, missionary in India and Indologist.	Pierre Johanns	Arlon
place of death	Pierre Busée (Petrus Busaeus, Buys) (born at Nijmegen in 1540; died at Vienna in 1587) was a Dutch Jesuit theologian.	Pierre Busée	Vienna
place of death	Ramón José Castellano (15 Feb. 1903 -- 27 Jan. 1979) was the Argentine Archbishop of Córdoba, known to have ordained to the Catholic priesthood Jorge Mario Bergoglio, S.J., who later became Pope Francis.	Ramón José Castellano	Córdoba
place of death	William J. Brinkmann (1874 - 24 February 1911, Chicago), sometimes spelled Brinkman, was an architect most well known for his work designing Chicago area churches.	William J. Brinkmann	Chicago
place of death	Guillaume-Charles Faipoult de Maisoncelle, was born in Paris on 4 December 1752, son of a noble family of Champagne.	Guillaume-Charles Faipoult	Paris
place of death	Rizvan Chitigov (Amerikanets, Marine) was a prominent Chechen rebel field commander in Shalinsky District of the Chechen Republic (Russia) until his death in March 2005.	Rizvan Chitigov	Chechen Republic
place of death	Émile Boutmy (13 April 1835 -- 25 January 1906) was a French political scientist and sociologist who was a native of Paris.	Émile Boutmy	Paris
place of death	Dom Gualdim Pais (1118 -- 13 October 1195), a Portuguese crusader, Knight Templar in the service of Afonso Henriques of Portugal.He was the founder of the city of Tomar.	Gualdim Pais	Tomar
place of death	Déodat de Séverac (pronounced: (deoda də sevəʁak)) (Saint-Félix-de-Caraman, Haute-Garonne, 20 July 1872 -- Céret, Pyrénées-Orientales, Roussillon, 24 March 1921) was a French composer.	Déodat de Séverac	Céret
place of death	Henry Février was born in Paris, and studied at the Paris Conservatoire, where his teachers included Jules Massenet and Gabriel Fauré.	Henry Février	Paris
place of death	Frances Villiers, Countess of Jersey (25 February 1753, St James's -- 23 July 1821, Cheltenham) was one of the more notorious of the many mistresses of King George IV when he was Prince of Wales, ``a scintillating society woman, a heady mix of charm, beauty, and sarcasm''.	Frances Villiers, Countess of Jersey	Cheltenham
place of death	Viktor Ader (4 October 1910 in Tallinn -- 7 September 1966 in Tallinn), was an Estonian football player.	Viktor Ader	Tallinn
place of death	Ludovico I Gonzaga (1268 - 18 January 1360) was an Italian lord, the founder of the Gonzaga family who was the first capitano del popolo of Mantua and imperial vicar.	Ludovico I Gonzaga	Mantua
place of death	Manuel María Orellana Contreras (17 December 1870, El Jícaro, Guatemala - 17 June 1940, Barcelona, Spain) was a Guatemalan army officer and politician, and from 17 to 31 December 1930, de facto interim President of Guatemala, after leading a coup d'état that ended Baudilio Palma interim presidency.	Manuel María Orellana Contreras	Barcelona
place of death	Hans-Joachim Rotzsch was born in Leipzig and educated from 1940 to 1945 at the Musisches Gymnasium Frankfurt, directed by Kurt Thomas.	Hans-Joachim Rotzsch	Leipzig
place of death	Camillo Rusconi (14 July 1658 -- 8 December 1728) was an Italian sculptor of the late Baroque in Rome.	Camillo Rusconi	Rome
place of death	While in exile, Osman Fuad Efendi lived in many places including Geneva, Rome, Cairo, Paris, Nice and Cannes.	Osman Fuad	Nice
place of death	Giambattista Costaguti was born in Rome in 1636, the son of Prospero Costaguti, marquis of Sipicciano (a member of the Genoese nobility) and of his second wife Rocca Elvezia, Countess Vidman.	Giambattista Costaguti	Rome
place of death	Arthur Lutze (June 1, 1813 -- April 11, 1870), was a major figure in medicine and regimen in Germany due to his establishment of a major homeopathic clinic and spa in Köthen, Germany in the mid-1800s.	Arthur Lutze	Köthen
place of death	William Matthew Scott (born Leeds 30 September 1893; d. Herne Bay 7 May 1964), pen name Will Scott, was a British author of stories and books for adults and children, published from 1920 to 1965.	William Matthew Scott	Herne Bay
place of death	Kārlis Padegs was born on 8 October 1911 in Torņakalns, workers district of Riga.	Kārlis Padegs	Riga
place of death	Juan Manén (or Catalan: Joan Manén, 14 May 1883 -- 26 June 1971) was a Spanish violinist and composer, born in Barcelona.	Juan Manén	Barcelona
place of death	David Friedländer (sometimes spelled Friedlander; 16 December 1750, Königsberg -- 25 December 1834, Berlin) was a German Jewish banker, writer and communal leader.	David Friedländer	Berlin
place of death	Gabriel Blanchard, known as Blanchard Le Neveu, ( 1630 Paris,France- 1704) the only son of Jacques Blanchard, was born in Paris in 1630, and studied under his uncle, Jean Baptiste Blanchard.	Gabriel Blanchard	Paris
place of death	Norah Lange (October 23, 1905 -- August 5, 1972) was an Argentine author, associated with the Buenos Aires avant garde of the 1920s and 1930s.	Norah Lange	Buenos Aires
place of death	After her last diary entry, in early July 1943, Helga Deen was deported to Sobibór extermination camp and murdered.	Helga Deen	Sobibór extermination camp
place of death	Reveriano Soutullo Otero (11 July 1880 in Ponteareas, Galicia -- 29 October 1932 in Vigo) was a Spanish composer of zarzuelas and pasodobles.	Reveriano Soutullo	Vigo
place of death	In 1983, Adi Da moved with a group of about 40 followers to the Fijian island of Naitaba, purchased by a wealthy follower from the actor Raymond Burr.	Adi Da	Naitaba
place of death	Giovanni Buonconsiglio (born Montecchio Maggiore c. 1465, died 1535 or 1537; active during 1497--1514) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period, active mainly in Venice and his native Vicenza.	Giovanni Buonconsiglio	Venice
place of death	Paul Bablot (20 November 1873 Boulogne-sur-Seine -- 23 December 1932 Marseille) was a French racecar driver.	Paul Bablot	Marseille
place of death	Alex Bradford died in Newark, New Jersey in 1978 after a stroke, as the musical Your Arms Too Short to Box with God was in production.	Alex Bradford	Newark
place of death	Heise started to work as a journalist in Berlin and later became a lector at the University of Kiel Hans-Jürgen Heise died in Kiel.	Hans-Jürgen Heise	Kiel
place of death	Jean Chapeauville (b. at Liège, 5 January 1551; d. there 11 May 1617) was a Belgian theologian and historian.	Jean Chapeauville	Liège
place of death	Rafael Inchauspe Méndez, known as Rafael de Nogales Méndez (San Cristóbal, Táchira, October 14, 1879 -- Panama City, July 10, 1936) was a Venezuelan soldier, adventurer and writer who served for the Ottoman Empire during the Great War (1914--18).	Rafael de Nogales Méndez	Panama City
place of death	Willy Millowitsch (pronounced (ˈvɪliː ˈmiloˌvɪʧ), (ˈⱱɪli ˈmɪɫoˌⱱeˑʧ)) (January 8, 1909 -- September 20, 1999) was a German stage and TV actor and the director of the Volkstheater Millowitsch in Cologne.	Willy Millowitsch	Cologne
place of death	Sándor Reményik was born on 30 August 1890 in Kolozsvár, Austria-Hungary (now Cluj-Napoca, Romania) to a wealthy architect.	Sándor Reményik	Cluj-Napoca
place of death	Ludvík Daněk (Czech pronunciation: (ˈludviːk ˈdaɲɛk)) (6 January 1937 in Blansko -- 15 November 1998 in Hutisko-Solanec near Vsetín) was a Czechoslovak discus thrower, who won the gold medal at the 1972 Olympic Games with a throw of 64.40 m (211'3``).	Ludvík Daněk	Vsetín
place of death	Henri-Alexandre Junod (17 May 1863 Saint-Martin, Val-de-Ruz - 22 April 1934 Geneva) was a Swiss-born South African missionary, ethnographer, anthropologist, linguist and naturalist, stationed for much of his career at Shiluvane in Limpopo Province.	Henri-Alexandre Junod	Geneva
place of death	Marguerite Bourgeoys, C.N.D., was the French founder of the Congregation of Notre Dame of Montreal in the colony of New France, now part of Québec.	Marguerite Bourgeoys	Montreal
place of death	Paul Biva (Montmartre 19 September 1851 -- 13 June 1900, Avon, Seine-et-Marne) was a French painter.	Paul Biva	Avon, Seine-et-Marne
place of death	Brewer Phillips (November 16, 1924 -- August 30, 1999) was an American blues guitarist, chiefly associated with Juke joint blues and Chicago blues.	Brewer Phillips	Chicago
place of death	Roger Cousinet (1881, in Arcueil, France - 7 April 1973, in Paris, France) was a French teacher and a pioneer of the progressive education system in France.	Roger Cousinet	Paris
place of death	Jacques Carelman (born 1929, Marseille -- 28 March 2012, Argenteuil) was a French painter, illustrator and designer.	Jacques Carelman	Argenteuil
place of death	Pierre Bérégovoy died on 1 May 1993, in Paris after being transported by helicopter from Nevers (Nièvre), where he had been found an hour earlier, in a coma with two bullets in the head.	Pierre Bérégovoy	Paris
place of death	Emil Eitel was killed on 14 September 1944 near Riga, Latvia during the Riga Offensive (1944).	Emil Eitel	Riga
place of death	Gʻafur Gʻulomovich Gʻulomov was born to a poor family on May 10, 1903, in Tashkent.	Gʻafur Gʻulom	Tashkent
place of death	Elena Maria Catargiu-Obrenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Елена Марија Катарџи-Обреновић; 1831 Iași -- 16 July 1876 or 28 June 1879, Dresden), known in Serbia as Marija Obrenović, was a Moldavian and Romanian boyaress.	Marija Obrenović	Dresden
place of death	Roberto Forges Davanzati (23 February 1880, Naples -- 1 June 1936, Rome) was an Italian journalist, academic and politician.	Roberto Forges Davanzati	Rome
place of death	Karol Stryja (2 February 1915 in Cieszyn -- 31 January 1998 in Katowice) was a Polish conductor and teacher.	Karol Stryja	Katowice
place of death	He died on 24 March 1885 in Boston, Massachusetts, in the U.S. By the time Joe Goss arrived in America he was already thirty-eight years of age, but he was travelling in good company, having been brought over by Jem Mace and under contract to the Howe and Cushing circus.	Joe Goss	Boston
place of death	Joseph Ruttenberg retired from MGM in 1968 and died in Los Angeles on May 1, 1983.	Joseph Ruttenberg	Los Angeles
place of death	Wilhelm Fleischmann (31 December 1837 in Erlangen -- 13 January 1920 in Göttingen) was a German agriculturist and chemist.	Wilhelm Fleischmann	Göttingen
place of death	Raquel Liberman (10 July 1900 in Berdichev, Ukraine -- 7 April 1935 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) was a victim of human trafficking in Argentina.	Raquel Liberman	Buenos Aires
place of death	Norman Francis McFarland (February 21, 1922 -- April 16, 2010) was the second Roman Catholic Bishop of the Diocese of Orange.	Norman Francis McFarland	Orange
place of death	Kanuty Rusiecki, or Kanutas Ruseckas in Lithuanian (10 February 1800, Stebėkiai, near Vadokliai, Lithuania - 21 August 1860, Vilnius, Lithuania) was a famous Lithuanian painter of Polish descent.	Kanuty Rusiecki	Vilnius
place of death	Rutilio Grande García, S.J. (5 July 1928, El Paisnal -- 12 March 1977, Aguilares) was a Jesuit priest in El Salvador.	Rutilio Grande	El Paisnal
place of death	Antoine-Alfred Marche (15 February 1844, Boulogne-Billancourt -- 31 August 1898, Paris, France) was a French naturalist and explorer.	Antoine-Alfred Marche	Paris
place of death	Geoffrey Bush was born in London, became a chorister at Salisbury Cathedral at the age of 8 and studied informally with the composer John Ireland.	Geoffrey Bush	London
place of death	Costas Georgiou (Greek: Κώστας Γιώργιου, also Anglicized as Kostas Giorgiou; alias ``Colonel Callan'') (1951 -- 10 July 1976) was an ethnic Greek Cypriot, British mercenary executed following the Luanda Trial for activities during the civil war phase of the Angolan War of Independence.	Costas Georgiou	Luanda
place of death	Friedrich von Hagedorn (23 April 1708 -- 28 October 1754), German poet, was born at Hamburg, where his father, a man of scientific and literary taste, was Danish ambassador.	Friedrich von Hagedorn	Hamburg
place of death	Daniel Joseph Bradley FRS (18 January 1928 -- 7 February 2010) was an Irish physicist, and Emeritus Professor of Optical Electronics, at Trinity College, Dublin.	Daniel Joseph Bradley	Dublin
place of death	Rosalie King (born Rosa Lea Frances Stephens, August 23, 1902, Jacksonville, Florida -- died June 11, 1997, Ocala, Florida), also known as Rosalie Simpson, was an American character actress and singer.	Rosalie King	Ocala
place of death	Gazi Husrev-beg's forces struggled against a power vacuum in Montenegro after the death of Ottoman ally, islamized Montenegrin lord Skender-beg Crnojević in 1528.	Gazi Husrev-beg	Montenegro
place of death	Jessie White Mario (9 May 1832 in Hampshire, England -- 5 March 1906 in Florence, Italy) was an English (and naturalized Italian) writer and philanthropist.	Jessie White Mario	Florence
place of death	Scipione Lancelotti was born in Rome in 1527, the son of Orazio Lancellotti (personal physician of Pope Julius II and an abbreviator) and his wife Antonina Aragonia.	Scipione Lancelotti	Rome
place of death	Johan Vilhelm Snellman (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈjuːhan ˈvɪlːhɛlm ˈsnɛlːman); 12 May 1806, Stockholm -- 4 July 1881, Kirkkonummi) was an influential Fennoman philosopher and Finnish statesman, ennobled in 1866.	Johan Vilhelm Snellman	Kirkkonummi
place of death	Rudolf Charousek (Hungarian: Charousek Rezső, born September 19, 1873, Prague -- died April 18, 1900, Budapest) was a Hungarian chess player.	Rudolf Charousek	Budapest
place of death	Francesco Furini (c. 1600 (or 1603) -- August 19, 1646) was an Italian Baroque painter of Florence.	Francesco Furini	Florence
place of death	Leonard Jerome died at the age of 73 in Brighton, England.	Leonard Jerome	Brighton
place of death	Emil Andres (July 22, 1911 Tinley Park, Illinois -- July 20, 1999 South Holland, Illinois) was an American racecar driver active during the 1930s and 1940s.	Emil Andres	South Holland
place of death	Isaac Motte (December 8, 1738 -- May 8, 1795) was an American soldier and statesman from Charleston, South Carolina.	Isaac Motte	Charleston
place of death	In 2007 his work has appeared in 1000 vissen, a collection of stories about the Amsterdam's neighborhood Spaarndammerbuurt where Thé Lau had been living and working for 15 years.	Thé Lau	Amsterdam
place of death	Jacques-Noël Sané (18 February 1740, Brest -- 22 August 1831, Paris) was a French naval engineer.	Jacques-Noël Sané	Paris
place of death	Born Jeanne Roques in Paris, France and raised by a feminist mother and socialist father, Musidora began her career in the arts at an early age, writing her first novel at the age of fifteen and acting on the stage with the likes of Colette, one of her lifelong friends.	Musidora	Paris
place of death	José Barroso Chávez (1925, Mexico City -- February 5, 2008, Mexico City) was a Red Cross official.	José Barroso Chávez	Mexico City
place of death	August Kitzberg (29 December (O.S. 17 December) 1855 in Põlde Laatre Parish, Viljandi County -- 10 October 1927 in Tartu) was an Estonian writer.	August Kitzberg	Tartu
place of death	Giovanni di San Paolo (died ca. early 1215) was a Benedictine monk at San Paolo fuori le Muri in Rome.	Giovanni di San Paolo	Rome
place of death	Hans Daucher (1486, Augsburg -- 1538, Stuttgart) was a German Renaissance wood carver, sculptor and medal designer.	Hans Daucher	Stuttgart
place of death	Lars Gabriel Andersson (22 February 1868, Vagnhärad -- 13 February 1951, Lidingö) was a Swedish schoolteacher and herpetologist.	Lars Gabriel Andersson	Lidingö
place of death	Born in Pergamon (present-day Bergama, Turkey), Galen traveled extensively, exposing himself to a wide variety of medical theories and discoveries before settling in Rome, where he served prominent members of Roman society and eventually was given the position of personal physician to several emperors.	Galen	Rome
place of death	Carlo Tresoldi (born 6 October 1952 in Boltiere; died 13 July 1995 in Milan of cancer) was an Italian professional football player.	Carlo Tresoldi	Milan
place of death	Teofilo Patini (Castel di Sangro, Abruzzo May 5, 1840 -- Naples, November 16, 1906) was an Italian painter, active in a Realist style.	Teofilo Patini	Naples
place of death	Alessandro Costantini (ca. 1581--1583, Staffolo -- 20 October 1657, Rome) was an Italian baroque composer, maestro di cappella at the Collegium Germanicum.	Alessandro Costantini	Rome
place of death	Michael O'Donohue (1835--1912) was an Irish-American builder and architect from Hartford, Connecticut who designed a number of ecclesiastical buildings in New England for both Roman Catholic and Jewish clients.	Michael O'Donohue	Hartford
place of death	Domenico Brandi (1683--1736) was an Italian painter, active in his native Naples, where he painted still lifes of birds and animals, as well as pastoral landscapes (vedute).	Domenico Brandi	Naples
place of death	Truesdell Sparhawk Brown (21 March 1906, Philadelphia -- 13 January 1992, Houston) was a classical scholar, ancient historian, and co-founder of the journal California Studies in Classical Antiquity, which became the journal Classical Antiquity.	Truesdell Sparhawk Brown	Houston
place of death	Pavel Janák (12 March 1881, Karlín, nowadays district of Prague -- 1 August 1956 Prague-Dejvice) was a Czech modernist architect, furniture designer, town planner, professor and theoretician.	Pavel Janák	Dejvice
place of death	Jean Effel, real name François Lejeune (12 February 1908, Paris -- 10 October 1982) was French painter, caricaturist, illustrator and journalist.	Jean Effel	Paris
place of death	Ferdinando Fuga (1699--1782) was an Italian architect, born in Florence, known for his work in Rome and Naples.	Ferdinando Fuga	Naples
place of death	Édouard Bovet (1797--1849) was a Swiss watchmaker and founder of the Bovet Fleurier watch company.	Édouard Bovet	Fleurier
place of death	Abd ar-Rahman V (Arabic: عبد الرحمن الخامس‎) was an Umayyad Caliph of Córdoba.	Abd ar-Rahman V	Córdoba
place of death	Luigi Rizzo, Conte di Grado e di Premuda (October 8, 1887 in Milazzo -- June 27, 1951 in Rome) was an Italian naval officer.	Luigi Rizzo	Rome
place of death	Robert Edge Pine (1730, London - November 18, 1788, Philadelphia) was an English portrait and historical painter, born in London.	Robert Edge Pine	Philadelphia
place of death	János György Szilágyi (16 July 1918 -- 7 January 2016) was a Hungarian historian who was a specialist in ancient drama and Greek art. He was born in Budapest.	János György Szilágyi	Budapest
place of death	Pierre Granier-Deferre (27 July 1927, Paris -- 16 November 2007) was a French film director.	Pierre Granier-Deferre	Paris
place of death	Paul Wallot (26 June 1841 Oppenheim am Rhein - 10 August 1912 Bad Schwalbach) was a German architect of Huguenot descent, best known for designing the Reichstag building in Berlin, erected between 1884 and 1894.	Paul Wallot	Bad Schwalbach
place of death	Michael Christian Festing was born in London to parents John and Elizabeth Festing.	Michael Christian Festing	London
place of death	Werner Lamberz was killed in a helicopter accident in Libya shortly after take-off, following a meeting in a large desert encampment with the Libyan head of government, Muammar Gaddafi.	Werner Lamberz	Libya
place of death	Antoine Laurent Apollinaire Fée was a French botanist who was born in Ardentes, 7 November 1789, and died in Paris on 21 May 1874.	Antoine Laurent Apollinaire Fée	Paris
place of death	Gabriel Guevrekian (or Guévrékian) (November 21, 1892 (?) Istanbul - October 29, 1970 Antibes) was an Armenian architect, who designed buildings, interiors and gardens, and taught architecture.	Gabriel Guevrekian	Antibes
place of death	Heinrich Erfle (born April 1, 1884, in Durkheim, died April 8, 1923, in Jena) was a German optician who spent most of his career at Carl Zeiss.	Heinrich Erfle	Jena
place of death	Robert Ochsenfeld was a German physicist born on May 18, 1901 in Hilchenbach (Helberhausen quarter).	Robert Ochsenfeld	Helberhausen
place of death	Wolfgang Lukschy (born 19 October 1905 -- 10 July 1983 in Berlin) was a German actor and dubber.	Wolfgang Lukschy	Berlin
place of death	Joaquim Lúcio Cardoso Filho, known as Lúcio Cardoso (Curvelo, Minas Gerais, Brazil, August 14, 1912 - Rio de Janeiro, September 22, 1968) was a Brazilian novelist, playwright, and poet.	Lúcio Cardoso	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Lawrence K. Karlton (May 28, 1935 -- July 11, 2015) was a United States District Judge in Sacramento, California.	Lawrence K. Karlton	Sacramento
place of death	Đura Horvatović (Serbian: Ђура Хорватовић; January 17, 1835 in Nova Gradiška -- February 28, 1895 in Belgrade) was a Serbian general and military minister.	Đura Horvatović	Belgrade
place of death	Grigol Robakidze (Georgian: გრიგოლ რობაქიძე) (October 28, 1880, Sviri (West Georgia) - November 19, 1962, Geneva) was a Georgian writer, publicist, and public figure primarily known for his prose and anti-Soviet émigré activities.	Grigol Robakidze	Geneva
place of death	Placido Campolo (1693--1743) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, a native of Messina in Sicily.	Placido Campolo	Messina
place of death	Josef Jireček (9 October 1825, in Vysoké Mýto -- 25 November 1888, in Prague) was a Czech scholar.	Josef Jireček	Prague
place of death	Born in Thiruvalla as the second son of evangelist George Kakkanadan and Rosamma, George Varghese Kakkanadan spent most of his childhood at Kollam and Kottarakkara.	Kakkanadan	Kollam
place of death	Gustaf Larson died on 4 July 1968, and is buried at the family tomb in Båstad, Göteborg, Sweden.	Gustaf Larson	Båstad
place of death	Anna Maria Garthwaite (b. Harston, Leicestershire, 14 March 1688 -- October 1763) was an English textile designer known for creating vivid floral designs for silk fabrics hand-woven in Spitalfields near London in the mid-18th century.	Anna Maria Garthwaite	London
place of death	Rūdolfs Bārda (7 February 1903 in Riga - 24 January 1991 in Riga) was a Latvian footballer, brother of Edvīns Bārda, Arvīds Bārda and Oskars Bārda.	Rūdolfs Bārda	Riga
place of death	Baccio D'Agnolo (19 May 1462 -- 6 March 1543), born Bartolomeo Baglioni, was an Italian woodcarver, sculptor and architect from Florence.	Baccio D'Agnolo	Florence
place of death	Pierre-Charles Simart (born in Troyes on 27 June 1806, died in Paris on 27 May 1857) was a French sculptor.	Pierre-Charles Simart	Paris
place of death	Ellison Harvie was recognised as an expert in hospital planning and administration, working on numerous Australian projects, including Mercy Hospital in East Melbourne (1934--36) and the original four multi-storey buildings of the Royal Melbourne Hospital (1936--41).	Ellison Harvie	East Melbourne
place of death	Vadim Spiridonov born October 14, 1944 in Moscow.	Vadim Spiridonov	Moscow
place of death	Lajos Werkner (October 23, 1883 in Budapest -- November 12, 1943 in Budapest) was a Hungarian sabre fencer.	Lajos Werkner	Budapest
place of death	He died in Prestwich in 1850 and is buried in the Churchyard of St Mary's Parish Church in a tomb that calls him ``William Sturgeon ~ The Electrician''.	William Sturgeon	Prestwich
place of death	Francis I. McKenna (February 25, 1859 -- February 24, 1914) was a real estate and land developer, and architect from the 1890s to the 1920s in Portland, Oregon.	Francis I. McKenna	Portland
place of death	Carlo Pittara (1836, Turin - 25 October 1891, Rivara) was an Italian painter who specialized in animals, pastoral landscapes, rivers and peasants at work.	Carlo Pittara	Rivara
place of death	Henry Corbin (14 April 1903 -- 7 October 1978) was a philosopher, theologian and professor of Islamic Studies at the École pratique des hautes études in Paris, France.	Henry Corbin	Paris
place of death	Helen Adam (December 2, 1909 in Glasgow, Scotland -- September 19, 1993 in New York City) was a Scottish poet, collagist and photographer who was an c, a literary movement contemporaneous to the Beat Generation that occurred in San Francisco during the 1950s and 1960s.	Helen Adam	New York City
place of death	Franjo Punčec (Serbian Cyrillic: Фрањо Пунчец (fraːɲo pûːntʃěːts); Hungarian: Puncsec Ferenc (ˈpuntʃɛc ˈfɛrɛnts); 25 November 1913, Čakovec - 5 January 1985, Johannesburg) was a Yugoslav tennis player of Croatian ethnicity.	Franjo Punčec	Johannesburg
place of death	Erna Auerbach (Frankfurt am Main 1897--London 1975) was a German-born artist and art historian best known for her work on artists of the Tudor Era in England.	Erna Auerbach	London
place of death	Apollonius Cronus (Greek: Κρόνος Ἀπολλώνιος; fl. 4th century BCE) from Cyrene was a philosopher of the Megarian school.	Apollonius Cronus	Cyrene
place of death	Upon his death in Outremont, Quebec in 1952 (one day shy of his 84th birthday), Henri Bourassa was interred in Montreal's Cimetière Notre-Dame-des-Neiges.	Henri Bourassa	Outremont
place of death	Saint Willibald (born in Wessex c.700 and died c.787 in Eichstätt) was an 8th-century bishop of Eichstätt in Bavaria.	Willibald	Eichstätt
place of death	Air Commodore Nazir Latif SJ and Bar (July 10, 1927 -- June 30, 2011) was a one-star general officer in the Pakistan Air Force and a former director-general of the Operations and Plans at the Air Headquarters, Islamabad.	Nazir Latif	Islamabad
place of death	Wilhelm Malte I, Prince of Putbus (1783 -- 1854) was a German prince (Fürst) from the old Slavic-Rügen noble family of the lords of Putbus.	Wilhelm Malte I	Putbus
place of death	Étienne Pellot ``Montvieux'', aka le Renard Basque (the Basque fox), (1 September 1765, Hendaye, France -- 1856, Hendaye), was the last known French corsair, renowned for his bravery and success.	Étienne Pellot	Hendaye
place of death	Born in Athens in 1873, Konstantinos Typaldos-Alfonsatos entered the Hellenic Navy Academy on 2 September 1887 and graduated on 31 August 1891 as a Line Ensign.	Konstantinos Typaldos-Alfonsatos	Athens
place of death	Josephus Struthius (Polish: Józef Struś; 1510 in Poznań -- between 27 July 1568 and 26 January 1569 in Poznań) was a Polish professor of medicine in Padua (1535--1537) and personal doctor of Polish kings.	Josephus Struthius	Poznań
place of death	Gaspare Gorresio (Bagnasco, 18 January July 1808 -- Turin, 20 May 1891) was an Italian Orientalist and Indologist, best known for his translation of the Valmiki Ramayana, the great Hindu epic.	Gaspare Gorresio	Turin
place of death	Nikolaas van Hoy, known in Austria as Nikolaus van Hoy (alternative spellings of family name: 'van Hoey' and 'van Hoj') (b. Antwerp, 1631 - d. Vienna, 25 June 1679) was a Flemish Baroque painter, draughtsman and etcher.	Nikolaus van Hoy	Vienna
place of death	Leonardo Garzoni (Venice, Italy, 1543 -- Venice, Italy, March 10, 1592) was a Jesuit natural philosopher.	Leonardo Garzoni	Venice
place of death	Olive Rush (June 10, 1873 near Fairmount, Indiana--August 20, 1966 in Santa Fe, New Mexico) was an illustrator, muralist, and an important pioneer in Native American Art Education.	Olive Rush	Santa Fe
place of death	Il Sodoma painted in a manner that superimposed the High Renaissance style of early 16th-century Rome onto the traditions of the provincial Sienese school; he spent the bulk of his professional life in Siena, with two periods in Rome.	Il Sodoma	Siena
place of death	Karel Farský (26 July 1880, in Škodějov, Semily District, Bohemia -- 12 June 1927, in Prague) was a Czech Roman Catholic priest, and later founder and first patriarch (1920) of the Czechoslovak Hussite Church.	Karel Farský	Prague
place of death	Carl Roesner (19 June 1804, Vienna - 13 July 1869, Steyr) was an Austrian architect.	Carl Roesner	Steyr
place of death	In 1463, the Venetian Senate, seeking allies in its war against the Ottomans, sent Lazzaro Querini as its first ambassador to Tabriz, but he was unable to persuade Uzun Hassan to attack the Ottomans.	Uzun Hassan	Tabriz
place of death	Giuseppe Diana (July 4, 1958 -- March 19, 1994), also known as Father Peppino, was a writer, a scout, and a Roman Catholic parish priest in Casal di Principe.	Giuseppe Diana	Casal di Principe
place of death	Louis Bonniot de Fleurac (Louis Victor Marie Bonniot de Fleurac; 19 November 1876 in Paris -- 20 March 1965) was a French athlete.	Louis Bonniot de Fleurac	Paris
place of death	Wilfred Walter (2 March 1882 in Ripon, West Riding of Yorkshire -- 9 July 1958 in Ashtead, Surrey) was an English film and theatre actor.	Wilfred Walter	Ashtead
place of death	George Weissinger Smith was mayor of Louisville, Kentucky, the United States from 1917 to 1921.	George Weissinger Smith	Louisville
place of death	Bernhard Reichenbach (1888 in Berlin -- 1975 in London) was a member of the Executive Committee of the Communist International.	Bernhard Reichenbach	London
place of death	Merrill De Maris (February 26, 1898, New Jersey -- December 31, 1948, Escondido, California) was a writer who worked on Disney Comic Strips for King Features Syndicate.	Merrill De Maris	Escondido
place of death	Juan Luis Segundo, S.J. (March 31, 1925 in Montevideo, Uruguay -- January 17, 1996 in Montevideo) was a Jesuit priest and theologian who was an important figure in the movement known as ``Liberation theology.''	Juan Luis Segundo	Montevideo
place of death	Georg Ritter von Frauenfeld (3 June 1807, Vienna -- 8 October 1873) was an Austrian naturalist and one of the leading scientists on board the Austrian frigate Novara during its round-the-world voyage.	Georg Ritter von Frauenfeld	Vienna
place of death	Michael Landmann (16 December 1913, Basel -- 25 January 1984, Haifa) was a Jewish Swiss Philosopher.	Michael Landmann	Haifa
place of death	Harrison Allen (1841-97) was an American physician and anatomist, born in Philadelphia.	Harrison Allen	Philadelphia
place of death	The late Fernando Poe, Jr.'s low-key half-brother-actor Conrad Poe died on the morning of June 26, 2010, in his home in Meycauayan City, Bulacan.	Conrad Poe	Meycauayan
place of death	Chief Constable Henry Solomon (1794 - 14 March 1844) was a police officer who became the first Chief Constable of Brighton Borough Police in East Sussex, England.	Henry Solomon	Brighton
place of death	Louis Antoine Léon Riesener (21 January 1808 in Paris -- 25 May 1878 in Paris) was a French Romantic painter.	Léon Riesener	Paris
place of death	Yuri Golov died following a long illness on 9 January 2014, aged 77, in his hometown of Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.	Yuri Golov	Nizhny Novgorod
place of death	Ali Asllani (Vajza, Vlorë District, Ottoman Empire, 28 November 1884 -- Tirana, Albania 20 December 1966) was Albanian poet, politician and activist of the Albanian National Awakening.	Ali Asllani	Tirana
place of death	Theodor Birt (22 March 1852 in Wandsbek -- 28 January 1933 in Marburg) was a German classicist and novelist.	Theodor Birt	Marburg
place of death	Johan Rudolf Kjellén (Swedish: (ɕɛlleːn), 13 June 1864, Torsö -- 14 November 1922, Uppsala) was a Swedish political scientist and politician who first coined the term ``geopolitics''.	Rudolf Kjellén	Uppsala
place of death	Matthias Jansz van Geuns (Groningen, 15 September 1758 - Haarlem, 21 November 1839) was a Dutch Mennonite teacher and minister.	Matthias Jansz van Geuns	Haarlem
place of death	Pedro Roldán (1624--1699) was a Baroque sculptor from Seville, Andalusia, Spain.	Pedro Roldán	Seville
place of death	Manfred Börner (born 16 March 1929 in Rochlitz; died 15 January 1996 in Ulm) was a German physicist.	Manfred Börner	Ulm
place of death	Karl Seebach (June 28, 1912 in Munich -- July 18, 2007 in Munich) was a German mathematician.	Karl Seebach	Munich
place of death	Carsten Tank was born at Rød Herregård, the family estate at Halden in Østfold County, Norway.	Carsten Tank	Halden
place of death	Klaus Mollenhauer graduated from school in 1948, and then attended the College of Education in Göttingen, and working from 1950 to 1952 as an elementary school teacher in Bremen.	Klaus Mollenhauer	Göttingen
place of death	George Bagration of Mukhrani died in Madrid, Spain, in 1957.	George Bagration of Mukhrani	Madrid
place of death	François Thurot (22 July 1727 at Nuits-Saint-Georges near Dijon in eastern France -- 28 February 1760 off the Isle of Man) was a French privateer, merchant naval captain and smuggler who terrorised British shipping in the early part of the Seven Years' War.	François Thurot	Isle of Man
place of death	Joshua Boaz ben Simon Baruch (died 1557), also known as the Shiltei Giborim after a work he authored, was a prominent Talmudist who lived at Sabbioneta, and later at Savigliano.	Joshua Boaz ben Simon Baruch	Savigliano
place of death	Jean-Paul Laurens (Fourquevaux 28 March 1838 -- 23 March 1921 Paris), was a French painter and sculptor, and one of the last major exponents of the French Academic style.	Jean-Paul Laurens	Paris
place of death	His grandfather (also named Ludwig Binswanger) was founder of the ``Bellevue Sanatorium'' in Kreuzlingen, and his uncle Otto Binswanger was a professor of psychiatry at the University of Jena.	Ludwig Binswanger	Kreuzlingen
place of death	María Antonieta Rivas Mercado Castellanos (b. Mexico City, April 28, 1900 - d. Paris, February 11, 1931) was a Mexican intellectual, writer, feminist and arts patron.	Antonieta Rivas Mercado	Paris
place of death	Karl Braunsteiner (27 October 1891 -- 19 April 1916 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan) was an Austrian football (soccer) player.	Karl Braunsteiner	Tashkent
place of death	Muhammad Ibn Sirin (Arabic محمد بن سيرين) (born in Basra) was a Muslim interpreter of dreams who lived in the 8th century.	Ibn Sirin	Basra
place of death	Adolf Schlatter (16 August 1852 -- 19 May 1938) was a world-leading Protestant theologian and professor specialising in the New Testament and systematics at Greifswald, Berlin and Tübingen.	Adolf Schlatter	Tübingen
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Martenot (Saint-Seine-l'Abbaye Côte-d’Or 26 July 1828 - 30 March 1906 Rennes), was a French architect, born in Bourgogne, in the city of Rennes.	Jean-Baptiste Martenot	Rennes
place of death	Only one year later, he was captured and sent to Copenhagen on the orders of the Danish treasurer and statholder, Christofer Walkendorf who was ruling Denmark after the sudden death of Frederick II. Magnus Heinason was tried, and was beheaded 18th.	Magnus Heinason	Copenhagen
place of death	Ester Rachel Kamińska (Yiddish: אסתר רחל קאַמינסקאַ) née Halpern (Porozow, 10 March 1870 - Warsaw, 25 December 1925) was a Polish Jewish actress, known as the mother of Yiddish theatre.	Ester Rachel Kamińska	Warsaw
place of death	Ralph Keeler (also Keiler) (1613 -- September 10, 1672) was a founding settler of both Hartford, and Norwalk, Connecticut.	Ralph Keeler	Norwalk
place of death	Auguste François-Marie de Colbert-Chabanais (18 October 1777, Paris -- 3 January 1809, Cacabelos, Spain), Comte de l'Empire joined the French army during the French Revolutionary Wars.	Auguste François-Marie de Colbert-Chabanais	Cacabelos
place of death	John Marie Durst died in Galveston on February 9, 1851 and is buried in the family cemetery in Leon County.	John Marie Durst	Galveston
place of death	James Alfred Ernest Corea grew up in the west coast town of Chilaw, with his older brother and his three younger siblings, They lived with their mother, who was of the Seneviratne family of Sri Lanka.	James Alfred Ernest Corea	Chilaw
place of death	Willard MacGregor (born October 15, 1901 in Boston; died July 30, 1993 in New York City) was an American classical pianist.	Willard MacGregor	New York City
place of death	Johannes de Sacrobosco, also written Ioannis de Sacro Bosco (c. 1195 -- c. 1256), was a scholar, monk, and astronomer who was a teacher at the University of Paris.	Johannes de Sacrobosco	Paris
place of death	Gaius Gracchus was born into a family who had a strong tradition in the politics of ancient Rome.	Gaius Gracchus	Rome
place of death	Adolf Pabst (30 November 1899, Chicago -- 3 April 1990, Berkeley, California) was an American mineralogist and geologist.	Adolf Pabst	Berkeley, California
place of death	Francesco Beccaruzzi (c. 1492--1562) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance era, active near his hometown of Conegliano and in the neighborhood of Treviso.	Francesco Beccaruzzi	Treviso
place of death	William Hannon (1879--1950) was a Catholic priest from the United States who served as the fourth president of St. Ambrose College in Davenport, Iowa from 1915 to 1926.	William Hannon	Davenport
place of death	Eleonore Charlotte of Württemberg-Montbéliard (20 November 1656 in Horburg -- April 1743 in Wrocław), was by marriage Duchess of Oels-Württemberg.	Eleonore Charlotte of Württemberg-Montbéliard	Wrocław
place of death	Antoine Zacharie Adrien d'Épinay (6 February 1794 in Isle de France (presently Mauritius) -- 9 December 1839) in Paris.	Adrien d'Épinay	Paris
place of death	Erich Everth (born 3 July 187? in Berlin; died 22 June 1934 in Leipzig) was a German art historian, journalist and scientist of newspaper and cultivation.	Erich Everth	Leipzig
place of death	Hal Robson (August 16, 1911 Mount Dennis, Ontario -- July 2, 1996 San Bernardino, California) was a Canadian racecar driver active in the 1940s.	Hal Robson	San Bernardino
place of death	Dimitar Milanov Stoyanov (18 October 1928 -- 1995) was a Bulgarian international footballer who played as a striker for CSKA Sofia.	Dimitar Milanov	Sofia
place of death	Hippolyte Mège-Mouriès (Draguignan 24 October 1817 - Paris 31 May 1880) was a French chemist and the inventor of margarine.	Hippolyte Mège-Mouriès	Paris
place of death	Friedrich von Hollmann (January 19, 1842 -- January 21, 1913) was an Admiral of the German Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) and Secretary of the German Imperial Naval Office under Emperor Wilhelm II. Hollmann was born in Berlin, Germany.	Friedrich von Hollmann	Berlin
place of death	Marcus Morton (1784 -- February 6, 1864) was an American lawyer, jurist, and politician from Taunton, Massachusetts.	Marcus Morton	Taunton
place of death	She was born in Lille, France, and died in Port Hueneme, California as Yola d'Avril Montiague.	Yola d'Avril	Port Hueneme
place of death	Leopoldine von Sternberg (Maria Leopoldine Walburga Eva; 11 December 1733, Vienna -- 1 March 1809, Valtice) was the princess consort of Liechtenstein as the wife of Prince Franz Joseph I, whom she married on 6 July 1750.	Leopoldine von Sternberg	Valtice
place of death	Bernardo de Balbuena (c. Valdepeñas (Spain) 1561 -- San Juan, Puerto Rico, October 1627) was a Spanish poet.	Bernardo de Balbuena	Puerto Rico
place of death	David José Kohon (18 October 1919 -- 30 October 2004 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film director and screenwriter.	David José Kohon	Buenos Aires
place of death	Armin Jordan died in Zürich five days after he collapsed while conducting Prokofiev's opera The Love for Three Oranges at the opera house in Basel.	Armin Jordan	Zürich
place of death	Johann Tobias Beck (22 February 1804 in Balingen, Württemberg -- 28 December 1878 in Tübingen) was a German theologian.	Johann Tobias Beck	Tübingen
place of death	Traian Trestioreanu (June 9, 1919, Ploieşti--August 28, 1972, Doicești) was a Romanian painter, sketcher, and muralist.	Traian Trestioreanu	Doicești
place of death	Krzysztof Michalski (8 June 1948 -- 10 February 2013) was a Polish philosopher and the rector of Institut für die Wissenschaften vom Menschen (IWM) founded by him in Vienna in 1982.	Krzysztof Michalski	Vienna
place of death	Louis Fischer taught about the Soviet Union at Princeton University until his death on January 15, 1970.	Louis Fischer	Princeton
place of death	Bruno Corra is the pseudonym of Bruno Ginanni Corradini (Ravenna, 9 June 1892 -- died in Varese, 20 November 1976), an Italian writer and screenwriter.	Bruno Corra	Varese
place of death	Vincenzo Lancia (24 August 1881 in Fobello, Piedmont -- 15 February 1937 in Turin) was an Italian pilot, engineer and founder of Lancia.	Vincenzo Lancia	Turin
place of death	Karl Heilbronner (21 November 1869 Nürnberg -- 8 September 1914 Utrecht) was a German psychiatrist.	Karl Heilbronner	Utrecht
place of death	Walther Kranz (German: (kʀants); November 23, 1884 in Georgsmarienhütte -- September 18, 1960 in Bonn) was a German classical philologist and historian of philosophy.	Walther Kranz	Bonn
place of death	Massimo Brancaccio, also known by the stage names Max Coveri and Billy More (February 3, 1965 -- August 14, 2005), was an Italian drag queen and music artist based in Milan.	Billy More	Milan
place of death	Piri Mehmed Pasha (died 1533, Silivri) was an Ottoman Turk statesman.	Piri Mehmed Pasha	Silivri
place of death	Lucio Piccolo di Calanovella (October 27, 1901 in Palermo -- May 26, 1969 in Capo d'Orlando), was an Italian poet.	Lucio Piccolo	Capo d'Orlando
place of death	Mauro Soderini (1704 - after 1739/1751) was an Italian painter of the late Baroque period, mainly painting sacred subjects and active in his native Florence.	Mauro Soderini	Florence
place of death	Wilhelm Emelé (30 May 1830 Buchen, Odenwald - 11 October 1905 Freiburg im Breisgau) was a German painter of horses, military scenes and hunting scenes.	Wilhelm Emelé	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Born in Norwich, Connecticut, the son of Eliza (née Coit) and mill owner William Charles Gilman, a descendant of Edward Gilman, one of the first settlers of Exeter, New Hampshire, Daniel Coit Gilman graduated from Yale College in 1852 with a degree in geography.	Daniel Coit Gilman	Norwich, Connecticut
place of death	Roger Rondeaux (April 15, 1920 in Mareuil-le-Port, France -- January 24, 1999 in La Rochelle, France) is a former cyclo-cross racer from France who was a professional from 1947 to 1958.	Roger Rondeaux	La Rochelle
place of death	Henry Zdík (in Czech: Jindřich Zdík) (about 1083 - 1150 Prague) was bishop of Olomouc from 1126 to 1150.	Jindřich Zdík	Olomouc
place of death	Giambettino Cignaroli (Verona, July 4, 1706 -- Verona, December 1, 1770) was an Italian painter of the Rococo and early Neoclassic period.	Giambettino Cignaroli	Verona
place of death	Alleyn was born in Bishopsgate, London, a younger son of Edward Alleyn, an innkeeper and porter to the queen, and Margaret Townley.	Edward Alleyn	London
place of death	Nicolaes Grisz Grauwert (1582 -- 1658), was a Dutch Golden Age member of the Haarlem schutterij.	Nicolaes Grisz Grauwert	Haarlem
place of death	Antonín Machek (31 October 1775, Podlažice -- 18 November 1844, Prague) was a Czech painter in the Classical and Biedermeier styles.	Antonín Machek	Prague
place of death	Guillaume Delisle, also spelled Guillaume de l'Isle, (28 February 1675, Paris -- 25 January 1726, Paris) was a French cartographer known for his popular and accurate maps of Europe and the newly explored Americas and Africa.	Guillaume Delisle	Paris
place of death	Bartolomeo Cavarozzi (Viterbo, 15 February 1587 - Rome, 21 September 1625) was an Italian caravaggisti painter of the Baroque period active in Spain, alongside his master Giovanni Battista Crescenzi.	Bartolomeo Cavarozzi	Rome
place of death	Antonín Reichenauer (also known as Johann Anton Reichenauer, born c. 1694 Prague; died 17 March 1730 in Jindřichův Hradec) was a baroque composer.	Antonín Reichenauer	Jindřichův Hradec
place of death	Edward MacDowell was born in New York City to Thomas MacDowell, a Manhattan milk dealer, and Frances (Fanny) Mary Knapp.	Edward MacDowell	New York City
place of death	Adolph Eduard Grube (born 18 May 1812 in Königsberg - died 23 June 1880 in Wrocław) was a German zoologist.	Adolph Eduard Grube	Wrocław
place of death	Robert Casadesus was born and died in Paris, and studied there at the Conservatoire with Louis Diémer, taking a Premier Prix (First Prize) in 1913 and the Prix Diémer in 1920.	Robert Casadesus	Paris
place of death	Anna-Lisa Frykman born Anna Elisabet Frykman on 4 January 1889 in Stockholm, Sweden, dead 14 June 1960 in Stockholm, Sweden was a Swedish composer, song lyricist and teacher.	Anna-Lisa Frykman	Stockholm
place of death	Augustin Meinrad Bächtiger (May 12, 1888, Mörschwil -- May 4, 1971, Gossau) was a Swiss painter.	Augustin Meinrad Bächtiger	Gossau
place of death	José Aguiar or José Aguiar García (born 1895 (Santa Clara, Cuba), died 1976 (Madrid)) was a painter and muralist from La Gomera.	José Aguiar	Madrid
place of death	Benjamin Dale was born in Upper Holloway, Islington, London, to Charles James Dale, a pottery manufacturer from Staffordshire, and his wife, Frances Anne Hallett, daughter of a furniture manufacturer from Clerkenwell.	Benjamin Dale	London
place of death	Liberale Cozza (20 July 1768 -- 26 May 1821) was an Italian painter, active mainly in his native Venice, but also in Brescia in a Neoclassical style.	Liberale Cozza	Venice
place of death	Semyon L'vovich Ferdman PAR, better known by his stage name Semyon Farada (Russian: Семён Львович Фердман, Семён Фарада, born December 31, 1933, Nikolskoye village of Moscow Oblast, USSR - died August 20, 2009 in Moscow) was a Soviet and Russian stage and film actor.	Semyon Farada	Moscow
place of death	Curt von Bardeleben (4 March 1861 in Berlin -- 31 January 1924 (aged 62) in Berlin) was a German chess master, journalist, and member of the German nobility.	Curt von Bardeleben	Berlin
place of death	Philippe Alegambe (22 January 1592, Brussels, Belgium - 6 September 1652, Rome, Italy) was a Belgian Jesuit priest and bibliographer.	Philippe Alegambe	Rome
place of death	Valentin Eduard Becker (20 November 1814 in Würzburg - 25 January 1890 also in Würzburg) was a German composer.	Valentin Eduard Becker	Würzburg
place of death	Georges Adda (Arabic: جورج عدة‎) (September 22, 1916 in Tunis -- September 28, 2008 in Tunis), was a Tunisian politician and trade unionist, and a former leader of the Tunisian Communist Party.	Georges Adda	Tunis
place of death	Julius Buckler (28 March 1894 Mainz-Mombach -- 23 May 1960 Bonn) was a German First World War fighter ace credited with 36 victories during the war.	Julius Buckler	Bonn
place of death	Filippo Mariotti (Apiro, September 6, 1833 - Rome, June 25, 1911) was an Italian politician and lawyer.	Filippo Mariotti	Rome
place of death	His father was a magistrate, and Jaishankar was educated at PS High School and The New College, Chennai, where he was awarded an honours degree.	Jaishankar	Chennai
place of death	Giuseppe Mosca (1772 in Naples -- 1839 in Messina) was an Italian opera composer, the older brother of Luigi Mosca, also an opera composer.	Giuseppe Mosca	Messina
place of death	On February 9, 1991, James Cleveland died in Culver City, California.	James Cleveland	Culver City
place of death	Joshua Tetley (20 July 1778 -- 26 August 1859) was the founder of the Tetley's Brewery in Leeds, England.	Joshua Tetley	Leeds
place of death	Narcís Vinyoles, also Narciso Viñoles (between 1442 and 1447 -- 1517) was a poet, lawyer and politician from Valencia, Spain.	Narcís Vinyoles	Valencia
place of death	Guido Alberto Fano (18 May 1875 in Padua -- 14 August 1961 at Tauriano di Spilimbergo) was an Italian pianist and composer.	Guido Alberto Fano	Spilimbergo
place of death	Herman Zanstra (November 3, 1894, Schoterland -- October 2, 1972, Haarlem) was a Frisian/Dutch astronomer.	Herman Zanstra	Haarlem
place of death	Jules Romains was born in Saint-Julien-Chapteuil in the Haute-Loire but went to Paris to attend first the lycée Condorcet and then the prestigious École normale supérieure.	Jules Romains	Paris
place of death	Walter Süß was listed as missing in action as of March 1945 in the Courland Pocket.	Walter Süß	Courland Pocket
place of death	Jindřich Fügner (born Heinrich Fügner, 12 September 1822, Prague -- 15 November 1865, Prague) was co-founder (together with Miroslav Tyrš) and the first starosta (leader) of the Czech sport organization Sokol.	Jindřich Fügner	Prague
place of death	Fabio Maniscalco (Naples 1 August 1965 - 1 February 2008) was an Italian archaeologist, specialist about the protection of cultural property and essayist.	Fabio Maniscalco	Naples
place of death	Frank Farrington (8 July 1873, London, England - 27 May 1924, Los Angeles, California) was an American silent film actor.	Frank Farrington	Los Angeles
place of death	Ludwig Minkus was born Aloysius Bernhard Philipp Minkus on 23 March 1826, in the Innere Stadt district of Vienna, the capital of the Austrian Empire.	Ludwig Minkus	Vienna
place of death	Jean Jules Bousson (13 March 1834 in Vincennes -- 3 September 1926 in Paris) was a French officer of the Cent-gardes Squadron.	Jean Jules Bousson	Paris
place of death	Avicenna had access to the great libraries of Balkh, Khwarezm, Gorgan, Rey, Isfahan and Hamadan.	Avicenna	Hamadan
place of death	Hipolit Cegielski (6 January 1813, Ławki -- 30 November 1868, Posen (Poznań), Kingdom of Prussia) was a Polish businessman and social and cultural activist.	Hipolit Cegielski	Poznań
place of death	Giovanni Lorenzo Gregori (1663 in Lucca, Italy -- January 1745 in Lucca) was an Italian violinist and composer.	Giovanni Lorenzo Gregori	Lucca
place of death	Karl Benz, Bertha Benz, and their son, Eugen, moved 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Mannheim to live in nearby Ladenburg, and solely with their own capital, founded the private company, C. Benz Sons (German: Benz Söhne) in 1906, producing automobiles and gas engines.	Karl Benz	Ladenburg
place of death	Angelino Fons was born on 6 March 1936 in Madrid, just months before the beginning of the Spanish Civil War.	Angelino Fons	Madrid
place of death	Alessandro Milesi (Venice, 1856--1945) was an Italian painter, mainly depicting genre subjects.	Alessandro Milesi	Venice
place of death	José Barnabé de Mesquita (March 10, 1892, Cuiabá -- June 22, 1961, Cuiabá), generally known as José de Mesquita, was a Brazilian poet parnassian, romance and short story writer, historiographer, journalist, essayist, genealogist and jurist.	José de Mesquita	Cuiabá
place of death	Nanna Ditzel (October 6, 1923 in Copenhagen - June 17, 2005 in Copenhagen) was a Danish furniture designer.	Nanna Ditzel	Copenhagen
place of death	Paul Cornu died in 1944 in Lisieux -France, when his home was destroyed during the bombardment that accompanied the Landings of WW2.	Paul Cornu	Lisieux
place of death	Christian Gottfried Körner (2 July 1756, Leipzig -- 13 May 1831, Berlin) was a German jurist.	Christian Gottfried Körner	Berlin
place of death	Eliza Carpenter (1851-December 16, 1924) was a race horse owner and jockey who was born an enslaved person and achieved success as the only African-American horse racer in early Oklahoma.	Eliza Carpenter	Oklahoma
place of death	Giuseppe Besozzi (born 1686 in Milan -- d. 2 December 1760 in Naples) was an Italian oboist.	Giuseppe Besozzi	Naples
place of death	Lucio Colletti (December 8, 1924, Rome -- November 3, 2001, Venturina, Campiglia Marittima, Province of Livorno) was an Italian philosopher.	Lucio Colletti	Province of Livorno
place of death	Norberto Díaz (March 18, 1952 Buenos Aires - December 18, 2010), who was called Gallego by others in the entertainment industry, was an Argentine actor.	Norberto Díaz	Buenos Aires
place of death	Aleksander Zelwerowicz (14 August 1877 in Lublin -- 18 June 1955 in Warsaw) was a Polish actor, director, theatre president and a teacher.	Aleksander Zelwerowicz	Warsaw
place of death	Paavo Hukkinen (27 October 1911 in Hanover, Germany -- 7 June 1988 in Helsinki) was a German-Finnish actor.	Paavo Hukkinen	Helsinki
place of death	In 1979, she and her husband founded the Pearl Primus ``Dance Language Institute'' in New Rochelle, New York, where they offered classes that blended African-American, Caribbean, and African dance forms with modern dance and ballet techniques.	Pearl Primus	New Rochelle
place of death	Karl Peter Wilhelm Maurenbrecher (21 December 1838 -- 6 November 1892, Leipzig) was a German historian.	Wilhelm Maurenbrecher	Leipzig
place of death	Levi Yitzchok of Berditchev (1740--1809 in Berdychiv), also known as the Berdichever, was a Hasidic leader.	Levi Yitzchok of Berditchev	Berdychiv
place of death	Tony Anholt died in London of a brain tumour in 2002, aged 61.	Tony Anholt	London
place of death	Edmond Adolphe Maurice Jules Jacques de Rothschild, usually known as Baron Edmond Adolphe de Rothschild (September 30, 1926 -- November 2, 1997) was born in Paris, France and died in Geneva, Switzerland.	Edmond Adolphe de Rothschild	Paris
place of death	Hugo Botstiber (born 21 April 1875, Vienna -- 15 January 1941, Shrewsbury, UK), was an Austrian Jewish musicologist, who studied under Robert Fuchs and Guido Adler.	Hugo Botstiber	Shrewsbury
place of death	Johann Theodor Jablonski (December 15, 1654 - April 28, 1731, Berlin) was a German educator and lexicographer who also wrote under the name Pierre Rondeau.	Johann Theodor Jablonski	Berlin
place of death	Born in London, Killigrew is perhaps best known as the subject of a famous elegy by the poet John Dryden entitled To The Pious Memory of the Accomplish'd Young Lady Mrs. Anne Killigrew (1686).	Anne Killigrew	London
place of death	Charles Stetson (November 2, 1801 -- March 27, 1863) was a United States Representative from Maine, and the eldest member of a powerful Bangor political family.	Charles Stetson	Bangor
place of death	Nicholas Liverpool died on 1 June 2015 in Miami, Florida, where he was receiving medical treatment.	Nicholas Liverpool	Miami
place of death	After spending his childhood in Luxembourg, Auguste Trémont moved to Paris where he enrolled at the Ecole des Arts décoratifs in 1909.	Auguste Trémont	Luxembourg
place of death	Niccolò di Segna (died around 1348) was an Italian painter from Siena.	Niccolò di Segna	Siena
place of death	Leonhard Merzin (10 February 1934 in Aruküla, Kudina Parish (now Maardla, Saare Parish) -- 2 January 1990 in Tartu) was an Estonian theatre and film actor, one of the Estonian actors active in the Soviet Union and abroad.	Leonhard Merzin	Tartu
place of death	Pierre Chébly (born on 19 December 1870 in Defoun, Lebanon - died on 30 May 1917) was an archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut.	Pierre Chébly	Beirut
place of death	Duan Qirui exiled himself to Tianjin and later moved to Shanghai where he died on November 2, 1936.	Duan Qirui	Shanghai
place of death	Kefee Obareki Don Momoh died of lung failure at a hospital in Los Angeles, California on June 12, 2014.	Kefee	Los Angeles
place of death	Simone Boccanegra (Ligurian: Scimon Boccaneigra, Italian: Simone Boccanegra; died 1363) was the first Doge of Genoa.	Simone Boccanegra	Genoa
place of death	Alexander Preinfalk was shot down on 12 December 1944 by an American P-47 over Bruchsal, Germany and died after he bailed out.	Alexander Preinfalk	Bruchsal
place of death	Artur Carlos de Barros Basto (Hebrew name: Abraham Israel Ben-Rosh) was born December 18, 1887 in Amarante, Portugal, and died in Porto on March 8, 1961.	Artur Carlos de Barros Basto	Porto
place of death	Robert Adams II (December 24, 1832 -- May 12, 1882) was a cotton planter from Lower Richland County, South Carolina, and Captain in the Army of The Confederate States of America.	Robert Adams II	Richland County
place of death	Émile Maupas (born 2 July 1842 in Vaudry, died 18 October 1916 in Algiers) was a French librarian, zoologist and botanist.	Émile Maupas	Algiers
place of death	Lalla Romano (November 11, 1906 in Demonte -- June 26, 2001 in Milan) was an Italian novelist, poet, and journalist.	Lalla Romano	Milan
place of death	Alois Vojtěch Šembera (March 21, 1807 in Vysoké Mýto, Bohemia, Austrian Empire -- March 23, 1882 in Vienna, Austria-Hungary) was a Czech linguist, historian of literature, writer, journalist and patriot.	Alois Vojtěch Šembera	Vienna
place of death	Amory N. Hardy or A.N. Hardy (1835-1911) was a photographer in Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th century.	Amory N. Hardy	Massachusetts
place of death	Alexander Julius Klünder (Russian: Александр Иванович Клюндер; 20 February 1802, Tallinn - 8 January 1875, Tallinn) was a Baltic-German painter and lithographer, known primarily for his portraits.	Alexander Julius Klünder	Tallinn
place of death	In 1937 Karl Wien was chosen to lead a German expedition to Nanga Parbat, the first since ten climbers had died on the mountain in 1934.	Karl Wien	Nanga Parbat
place of death	John III, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard (1389 -- after 11 November 1438) was from 1416 to 1438 Duke of Mecklenburg, Lord of Stargard, Sternberg, Friedland, Fürstenberg, and Lychen.	John III, Duke of Mecklenburg-Stargard	Sternberg
place of death	Joan Salvat-Papasseit (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈan səɫˈβat pəpəˈsɛjt)) (Barcelona, 16 May 1894 - 7 August 1924) was a Catalan poet, though he also wrote articles, manifestos and other prose of a political and social nature.	Joan Salvat-Papasseit	Barcelona
place of death	He was born in Newbury, Berkshire in 1886 as Wernham Ryott Gifford but took the stage name of Stewart Rome, which was later unsuccessfully contested by Cecil Hepworth, who also used the name.	Stewart Rome	Newbury
place of death	Johanna Niese, known as Hansi Niese (10 November 1875 in Vienna -- April 4, 1934) was an Austrian actress.	Hansi Niese	Vienna
place of death	Johann Kasimir Kolbe von Wartenberg (6 February 1643, Wetterau -- 4 July 1712, Frankfurt am Main) was the first ever Minister-President (effectively Prime Minister) of the kingdom of Prussia, and the head of the ``Cabinet of Three Counts''.	Johann Kasimir Kolbe von Wartenberg	Frankfurt
place of death	Georg Prochaska (April 10, 1749 in Blížkovice near Mahrisch Budwitz -- July 17, 1820 in Vienna) (first name sometimes referred to as Juri, Jiří or Georgius) (Czech: Jiří Procháska) was a leading Czech-Austrian anatomist, ophthalmologist, physiologist, writer and university professor.	Georg Prochaska	Vienna
place of death	Siegfried Oberndorfer (24 June 1876 in Munich - 1944 in Istanbul) was a German physician and pathologist.	Siegfried Oberndorfer	Istanbul
place of death	Friedrich Christian Hermann Uber (April 22, 1781 -- March 2, 1822) was a German composer, who also served as the cantor of the Kreuzkirche in Dresden.	Friedrich Christian Hermann Uber	Dresden
place of death	Gloria Emerson (May 19, 1929, New York City -- August 3, 2004, New York City) was an American author, journalist and New York Times war correspondent.	Gloria Emerson	New York City
place of death	Maïna Kataki, née Juliette Pierre-Marie and nicknamed Nishtatai (1923 -- 20 November 2011; Pune, India) was a French born, feminist author based in Pune, India.	Maïna Kataki	Pune
place of death	Narciso Soldan (11 December 1927, Nervesa della Battaglia, Veneto - 30 July 1987, Conegliano, Veneto) was an Italian professional football player.	Narciso Soldan	Conegliano
place of death	Teddy Sampson died in Los Angeles more than 30 years later on November 24, 1970.	Teddy Sampson	Los Angeles
place of death	Mario Puccini (28 June 1869, Livorno - 18 June 1920, Florence) was an Italian Post-impressionist painter who specialized in landscapes and village scenes.	Mario Puccini	Florence
place of death	Bernard Sarrette (November 27, 1765 -- April 1858), founded what would become the Paris Conservatoire.	Bernard Sarrette	Paris
place of death	Carlos Padrós Rubió, also known as Carles Padrós Rubió (9 November 1870, in Barcelona - 30 December 1950, in Madrid) was a Spanish football pioneer and club President of Real Madrid.	Carlos Padrós	Madrid
place of death	Andrzej Dobrowolski (September 9, 1921 in Lwów, Poland (now Lviv. Ukraine) -- August 8, 1990 in Graz, Austria) was a Polish composer and teacher.	Andrzej Dobrowolski	Graz
place of death	Henrik Sillem (12 August 1866, Amsterdam -- 13 July 1907, Courmayeur, Italy) was a Dutch jurist, mountaineer and sports shooter.	Henrik Sillem	Courmayeur
place of death	Arthur Ruysschaert (born 21 February 1910 in Bruges - died 10 January 1995 in Bruges) was a Belgian footballer.	Arthur Ruysschaert	Bruges
place of death	João Álvares Fagundes (born c. 1460, Kingdom of Portugal, died 1522, Kingdom of Portugal), an explorer and ship owner from Viana do Castelo in Northern Portugal, organized several expeditions to Newfoundland and Nova Scotia around 1520-1521.	João Álvares Fagundes	Kingdom of Portugal
place of death	On 28 January 1946 Princess Marie Vassiltchikov married U.S. Army Captain Peter Graham Harnden of Military Intelligence (born in London on 9 April 1913).	Marie Vassiltchikov	London
place of death	Svetislav Stančić (7 July 1895 in Zagreb -- 7 January 1970 in Zagreb) was a Croatian pianist and music pedagogue.	Svetislav Stančić	Zagreb
place of death	(Cristoforo Maria) Luigi Canonica (Tesserete, Canton Ticino, 9 March 1762 -- Milan, 7 February 1844) was a Swiss architect and urban planner whose prominent career as an exponent of neoclassicism was spent largely in Milan and Lombardy.	Luigi Canonica	Milan
place of death	Philipp Ernst, 8th Prince of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst (b. Schillingsfürst, 5 June 1853 - d. Bad Reichenhall, 26 December 1915).	Philipp Ernst, 8th Prince of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst	Bad Reichenhall
place of death	John (Don Juan) Forster (1814 -- February 20, 1882) was born in England; became a Mexican citizen of early California, and was one of the largest landowners in California.	John (Don Juan) Forster	California
place of death	Hakon Ahlberg (June 10, 1891, Harplinge -- March 12, 1984, Stockholm) was a Swedish architect, editor and author, best known as the official architect for the repair and restoration of Gripsholm Castle near the town of Mariefred in central Sweden.	Hakon Ahlberg	Stockholm
place of death	Antón Losada Diéguez (Moldes, (Boborás), Spain on December 22, 1884 - Pontevedra, Spain, in October 15, 1929) was a writer, Spanish politician, member of the Irmandades da Fala of Ourense, impulsor of the magazine Nós and correspondent of the Royal Galician Academy.	Antón Losada Diéguez	Pontevedra
place of death	François de Bonal (b. 1734 at the castle of Bonal, near Agen; d. in Munich, 1800) was Bishop of Clermont.	François de Bonal	Munich
place of death	Laudomia Bonanni was born in 1907 in L’Aquila, the capital city of the mountainous Abruzzo region of Central Italy, located about 60 miles northeast of Rome.	Laudomia Bonanni	Rome
place of death	Sigmund Exner (also Sigmund Exner, Siegmund Exner-Ewarten, Siegmund Exner Ritter von Ewarten; 5 April 1846 -- 5 February 1926) was an Austrian physiologist born in Vienna.	Sigmund Exner	Vienna
place of death	José María Iglesias was born into a wealthy family in Mexico City, but when he was 12 his father died.	José María Iglesias	Mexico City
place of death	Ulrich K. Goldsmith (1910--2000) was an American scholar of literature and emeritus professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder.	Ulrich K. Goldsmith	Boulder
place of death	Lothar Baier (Born Karlsruhe 16 May 1942: died Montreal 11 July 2004) was a German author, publisher, translator and co-founder of the Literary periodical text + kritik.	Lothar Baier	Montreal
place of death	Samuel Alfred Mitchell (April 29, 1874 in Kingston, Ontario, Canada -- February 22, 1960 in Bloomington, Indiana) was an astronomer who studied solar eclipses and set up a program to use photographic techniques to determine the distance to stars at McCormick Observatory, where he served as the director.	Samuel Alfred Mitchell	Bloomington
place of death	Marcel Raymond (December 20, 1897 in Geneva -- November 28, 1981 in Geneva) was a Swiss literary critic who specialized in French literature.	Marcel Raymond	Geneva
place of death	Georg Friedrich Daumer (Nuremberg, March 5, 1800 - Würzburg, December 14, 1875) was a German poet and philosopher.	Georg Friedrich Daumer	Würzburg
place of death	Werner of Oberwesel (also known as Werner of Bacharach or Werner of Womrath; b. 1271 in Womrath, Hunsrück; d. 1287) was a 16-year-old boy whose unexplained death was blamed on Jews, leading to revenge killings of Jews across Europe.	Werner of Oberwesel	Bacharach
place of death	Charlie Holmes (January 27, 1910 near Boston, Massachusetts -- September 19, 1985 in Stoughton, Massachusetts) was an alto jazz saxophonist of the swing era.	Charlie Holmes	Massachusetts
place of death	Major Teseo Tesei (1909 in Elba -- July 26, 1941 in Malta) was an Italian naval officer, who invented the human torpedo (called ``Maiale'', the Italian for ``pig'') used by the Regia Marina during World War II.	Teseo Tesei	Malta
place of death	Baccio Baldini (1436 -- c. 1487) was an Italian engraver of the Renaissance, active in his native Florence.	Baccio Baldini	Florence
place of death	Pieter Lastman was born in Amsterdam, the son of a town-beadle, who was dismissed in 1578 for being a Catholic.	Pieter Lastman	Amsterdam
place of death	Since 2008, Brendan Coogan has been a regular and ad hoc presenter on BBC Radio Manchester, notably filling in on The Eamonn O'Neal and Jimmy Wagg Show.	Brendan Coogan	Manchester
place of death	Anthony Günther, Count of Oldenburg (aka Anton Günther, 10 November 1583 in Oldenburg -- 19 June 1667 in Rastede) was an Imperial Count and a member of the House of Oldenburg.	Anthony Günther, Count of Oldenburg	Rastede
place of death	Václav Černý, PhD., (March 26, 1905 Jizbice u Náchoda -- July 2, 1987 Prague) was a Czech literary scientist, writer and philosopher.	Václav Černý	Prague
place of death	At the Los Angeles Olympics, Emmett Toppino from New Orleans ran the second leg in the American 4x100 m relay team, which won the gold medal with a new world record of 40.0.	Emmett Toppino	New Orleans
place of death	Fernand Deschamps (July 13, 1868 in Châtelineau -- March 15, 1957 in Brussels) was a Belgian intellectual who participated in the great socio-economic and ethical debates in the first half of the twentieth century.	Fernand Deschamps	Brussels
place of death	Wolfgang Foerster (born 4 August 1875 in Breslau; died 14 October 1963 in Icking) was a German officer and military historian.	Wolfgang Foerster	Icking
place of death	Clementina Arderiu (Barcelona, 1889--1976) was a Spanish poet who wrote in the Catalan language.	Clementina Arderiu	Barcelona
place of death	Pedro Max Fernando Frontin (Petrópolis, 8 February 1867 -- Rio de Janeiro, 7 April 1939) was an Admiral from the Brazilian Navy.	Pedro Max Fernando Frontin	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Lydia Cabrera (May 20, 1899 in Havana, Cuba -- September 19, 1991 in Miami, Florida) was a Cuban anthropologist and poet.	Lydia Cabrera	Miami
place of death	Michael Furter (died 1516 or 1517) was a printer of incunabula in Basel.	Michael Furter	Basel
place of death	Alfonso de Castro (1495 in Zamora, Spain -- February 11, 1558 in Brussels, Belgium), known also as Alphonsus a Castro, was a Franciscan theologian and jurist.	Alfonso de Castro	Brussels
place of death	Iain McColl died in his sleep from complications of cancer at 9 p.m. on 4 July 2013, at the Beatson Clinic in Glasgow, Scotland, at the age of 59.	Iain McColl	Glasgow
place of death	Jerzy Jan Lerski (nom de guerre: Jur; also known as George Jan Lerski; was a Polish lawyer, soldier, historian, political scientist and politician. After World War II he emigrated to the United States, where he became a full professor at the University of San Francisco.	Jerzy Jan Lerski	San Francisco
place of death	Paulo do Rio Branco da Silva Paranhos (Paris, 10 July 1876 - Paris, February 1927) was a French-born Brazilian rugby union player.	Paulo do Rio Branco	Paris
place of death	Florbela Espanca (Portuguese pronunciation: (floɾˈbɛlɐ (ɨ)ʃˈpɐ̃kɐ); birth name Flor Bela de Alma da Conceição)(Vila Viçosa, December 8, 1894 -- Matosinhos, December 8, 1930) was a Portuguese poet.	Florbela Espanca	Matosinhos
place of death	Martin Wegelius (10 November 1846 -- 22 March 1906) was a Finnish composer and musicologist, primarily remembered as the founder, in 1882, of the Helsinki Music Institute, now known as the Sibelius Academy.	Martin Wegelius	Helsinki
place of death	Hans Clemer was a French painter of Flemish origin who worked most of his career at Piedmont.	Hans Clemer	Piedmont
place of death	Chantal Chaudé de Silans (9 March 1919, Versailles -- 5 September 2001, Grasse) was a French chess player and a pioneer of women's chess.	Chantal Chaudé de Silans	Grasse
place of death	Dr. Rufus Henry Gilbert (1832-1885) was an American surgeon and inventor, who worked on rapid transit in New York City.	Rufus Henry Gilbert	New York City
place of death	Hermann Föttinger (9 February 1877 in Nuremberg -- 28 April 1945 in Berlin) was a German engineer and inventor.	Hermann Föttinger	Berlin
place of death	Henrietta Maria de la Luz Boisier Gatica, known as Malú Gatica (January 15, 1922, Purén -- August 10, 1997, Santiago) was a Chilean actress and singer.	Malú Gatica	Santiago
place of death	Tan Sri Dato' Dr Lee Kong Chian (18 October 1893 -- 2 June 1967), also known by his alias Lee Geok Kun, was a prominent Chinese businessman and philanthropist active in Malaya and Singapore from the 1930s to the 1960s.	Lee Kong Chian	Singapore
place of death	Bartolomeo Bellano, also known as Bartolomeo Vellano, was an Italian renaissance sculptor and architect who was born in Padua in 1437 or 1438.	Bartolomeo Bellano	Padua
place of death	Benedict Waldeck (1802--1870) in Berlin) was a left-leaning deputy in the Prussian National Assembly, and later in the Second Chamber.	Benedict Waldeck	Berlin
place of death	Degener Buggenhagen, also spelled Degner Buggenhagen (died: 16 July 1420 in Garbodenhagen, near Stralsund) was a German nobleman and Hereditary Lord Marshal of the Duchy of Pomerania-Wolgast.	Degener Buggenhagen	Stralsund
place of death	Pierre Bruno Hugo Fontana otherwise known as Hugo del Carril (30 November 1912 -- 13 August 1989 in Buenos Aires) was an Argentine film actor, film director and tango singer of the classic era.	Hugo del Carril	Buenos Aires
place of death	Wilhelm August Golicke (Russian: Вильгельм-Август Голике, also Василий Александрович Голике. 1802, Tallinn or Saint Petersburg - 5 July 1848, Saint Petersburg) was a Baltic German painter.	Wilhelm August Golicke	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Madeleine de Bourbon-Busset (23 March 1898 -- 1 September 1984 in Paris) was the titular Duchess of Parma (from 1974) and was also Carlist queen of Spain (from 1952) as the consort of Xavier of Bourbon, the Carlist pretender to the Spanish throne.	Madeleine de Bourbon-Busset	Paris
place of death	Father Armand David (27 September 1826 Ezpeleta --10 November 1900 in Paris), also known in common names by the French Père David, was a Lazarist missionary Catholic priest as well as a zoologist and a botanist.	Armand David	Paris
place of death	Donald Adam Hartman (August 3, 1929 -- July 5, 1996) was the 33rd Mayor of Calgary from March 21, 1989 to October 23, 1989.	Donald Adam Hartman	Calgary
place of death	Bernhardt Jungmann (1671 Ronneburg - 1747 Mexico) was a German botanist who was a professor in Germany and visited America.	Bernhardt Jungmann	Mexico
place of death	Barbara Castle died in Chiltern, Buckinghamshire, on 3 May 2002, of pneumonia and chronic lung disease.	Barbara Castle	Chiltern
place of death	Walter Dexel (born 7 February 1890 in Munich, died 8 June 1973 in Braunschweig) was a German painter, commercial graphic designer, and transportation planner.	Walter Dexel	Braunschweig
place of death	Heinrich Wolfgang Ludwig Dohrn (16 June 1838, Braunschweig - 1 October 1913, Florence) was a German zoologist, entomologist and malacologist.	Heinrich Wolfgang Ludwig Dohrn	Florence
place of death	Francis Lyman Worden (October 15, 1830- February 5, 1887) was a founder and prominent businessman of Missoula, Montana.	Francis Lyman Worden	Missoula
place of death	Sofia Sergeyevna Trubetskaya or Sophie Troubetskoy (25 March 1836, Moscow -- 8 August 1898, Madrid) was a Russian princess.	Sofia Sergeyevna Trubetskaya	Madrid
place of death	Mukhayriq was a rabbi who lived in Medina and fought together with Muhammad in the Battle of Uhud on March 19, 625 (3 Shawwal 3 AH in the Islamic calendar) at the valley located in front of Mount Uhud, in what is now northwestern Arabia.	Mukhayriq	Mount Uhud
place of death	Baron Zsigmond Forgách de Ghymes et Gács, sometimes Sigismund Forgách (Slovak: Zigmund Forgáč; 1559 -- 23 June 1621, Nagyszombat, today Trnava in Slovakia) was a Hungarian nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary, who served as Palatine from 11 May 1618 to 23 June 1621.	Zsigmond Forgách	Trnava
place of death	Johann Gottfried Brügelmann (baptized 6 July 1750 in Elberfeld, now a district of Wuppertal - 27 December 1802, Ratingen) was a German industrialist, most notable as founded of the first factory on mainland Europe, one of the forerunners of the Industrial Revolution.	Johann Gottfried Brügelmann	Ratingen
place of death	Salomon Adler (before 3 March 1630 -- 1709 in Milan) was a German painter of the Baroque period, active in Milan and Bergamo as a portrait painter.	Salomon Adler	Milan
place of death	Amerigo Bartoli Natinguerra (Terni, 1890 - Rome, 1971) was an Italian painter, caricaturist, and writer.	Amerigo Bartoli Natinguerra	Rome
place of death	Adolf Rambold (born 5 October 1900 in Stuttgart; died 14 May 1996 in Meerbusch) was a German inventor and engineer.	Adolf Rambold	Meerbusch
place of death	Henry Schoenfeld, also spelled Henry Schoenefeld, (October 4, 1857 in Milwaukee -- August 4, 1936 in Los Angeles) was an American composer.	Henry Schoenfeld	Los Angeles
place of death	Sep Ruf (full name Franz Joseph Ruf; born 9 March 1908 in Munich; died 29 July 1982 in Munich) was a German architect and designer, belonging to the Bauhaus group.	Sep Ruf	Munich
place of death	Johann Heinrich Bartholomäus Walter or Johann Heinrich Bartholomäus Walther (1734 -- 1802) was a German - Estonian master builder who moved to Tartu and built several significant buildings including Tartu Town Hall.	Johann Heinrich Bartholomäus Walter	Tartu
place of death	Emanuel van Meteren or Meteeren (6 September 1535 -- 11 April 1612) was a Flemish historian and Consul for ``the Traders of the Low Countries'' in London.	Emanuel van Meteren	London
place of death	Eugène Bethmont was born in Paris on 12 March 1804, son of a baker in the rue du Pont aux choux, in Le Marais.	Eugène Bethmont	Paris
place of death	Manuel de Sarratea, (Buenos Aires, August 11, 1774 -- Limoges, France, 21 September 1849), was an Argentine diplomat, politician and soldier.	Manuel de Sarratea	Limoges
place of death	Pedro de Garibay (1729, Alcalá de Henares, Spain -- July 7, 1815, Mexico City) was a Spanish military officer and, from September 16, 1808 to July 19, 1809, viceroy of New Spain.	Pedro de Garibay	Mexico City
place of death	Aleksa Simić (March 18, 1800, Boljevci -- March 17, 1872, Belgrade) was a Serbian politician and one of strongest of the Ustavobranioci (Defenders of the Constitution).	Aleksa Simić	Belgrade
place of death	May Gorslin Preston Slosson (10 September 1858, Ilion, New York -- 26 November 1943, Ann Arbor, Michigan) was an American educator and suffragist.	May Gorslin Preston Slosson	Ann Arbor
place of death	Pierre de Lagarde Boal (September 29, 1895, Thonon-les-Bains, Haute-Savoie, France -- May 24, 1966, Neuilly-sur-Seine, France) was an American diplomat and aviator.	Pierre de Lagarde Boal	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	Nichita Stănescu finished high school in Ploieşti, then went on to study Romanian language and literature in Bucharest, graduating in 1957.	Nichita Stănescu	Bucharest
place of death	Harry Hardt (born Hermann Karl Viktor Klimbacher Edler von Reichswahr, Pula, 4 August 1899 -- Vienna, 14 November 1980) was an Austrian actor.	Harry Hardt	Vienna
place of death	Christopher Slaughterford of London was executed in Guildford July 9, 1709, for the murder of Jane Young, his fiancée.	Christopher Slaughterford	Guildford
place of death	Born into a Protestant family in Paris, Louis Bouyer, after a receiving a degree from the Sorbonne, studied theology with the Protestant faculties of Paris and then Strasbourg.	Louis Bouyer	Paris
place of death	Vivianna Torun Bülow-Hübe (born December 4, 1927 in Malmö -- died July 3, 2004 in Copenhagen), often known simply as Torun, was one of Sweden's most important 20th century silversmiths and a master jeweller.	Vivianna Torun Bülow-Hübe	Copenhagen
place of death	Giuseppe Cilento (July 21, 1923 in Sorrento, Italy -- October 31, 1994 in São Paulo) was a Brazilian chemist who was born in Italy.	Giuseppe Cilento	São Paulo
place of death	Malcolm Stuart Boylan was born in Chicago, Illinois, lived in Los Angeles, California during his writing career, and died in Hollywood, California.	Malcolm Stuart Boylan	Hollywood
place of death	Franz Schulz (born 22 March 1897 in Prague, Austria-Hungary, died 4 May 1971, in Muralto, Tessin, Switzerland) was a playwright and screenwriter who worked from 1920 through 1956.	Franz Schulz	Muralto
place of death	Erich Pernice (19 December 1864, Greifswald -- 1 August 1945, Freest) was a German classical archaeologist.	Erich Pernice	Freest
place of death	Tilman Riemenschneider (c. 1460 -- 7 July 1531) was a German sculptor and woodcarver active in Würzburg from 1483.	Tilman Riemenschneider	Würzburg
place of death	Ferdinand Simoneit (June 14, 1925; Duisburg -- April 3, 2010; Löffingen) was a German journalist, author, professor and World War II veteran.	Ferdinand Simoneit	Löffingen
place of death	Walther von Wartburg (-Boos) (18 May 1888; Riedholz -- 15 August 1971; Basel) was a Swiss philologist and lexicographer.	Walther von Wartburg	Basel
place of death	Enrique de Borja y Aragón (born December 19, 1518, Gandía - d. September 16, 1540, Viterbo), was a Spanish noble of the House of Borgia.	Enrique de Borja y Aragón	Viterbo
place of death	Mehmet Atıf Ateşdağlı (1876; Crete - December 3, 1947; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and of the Turkish Army.	Mehmet Atıf Ateşdağlı	Istanbul
place of death	Charles Devendeville (8 March 1882 in Lesquin -- 19 September 1914 in Reims) was a French swimmer and Olympic champion.	Charles Devendeville	Reims
place of death	Diego Vigil Cocaña (1799, Tegucigalpa, Honduras -- 10 January 1845, Granada, Nicaragua) was a Central American politician.	Diego Vigil Cocaña	Granada
place of death	Alfred-Marie Liénard (April 2, 1869 in Amiens -- April 29, 1958 in Paris), was a French physicist and engineer.	Alfred-Marie Liénard	Paris
place of death	Jameson Clark (1907, Kirriemuir, Angus, Scotland -- 4 January 1984, Kilbirnie, Ayrshire, Scotland) was a Scottish character actor who appeared in 22 films and made many appearances on television.	Jameson Clark	Kilbirnie
place of death	Guy of Thouars died in 1213 in Chemillé in the county of Maine, and was buried with Constance at Villeneuve Abbey in Les Sorinières outside of Nantes.	Guy of Thouars	Chemillé
place of death	Carl Georg Brunius (23 March 1793 -- 12 November 1869) was a classical scholar, art historian, archaeologist and architect working in the university town of Lund in southern Sweden.	Carl Georg Brunius	Lund
place of death	James Edward Carpenter died suddenly while visiting his daughter Mrs. Helen Mosley on August 16, 1901 in Newburyport, Massachusetts.	James Edward Carpenter	Newburyport
place of death	Cezar Lăzărescu (born October 3, 1923 in Bucharest, Romania - died on November 27, 1986 in Bucharest, Romania) was a Romanian architect and urban planner.	Cezar Lăzărescu	Bucharest
place of death	Ranbir Singh,(Urdu; رنبیر سنگھ) CIE (August 1830 -- 12 September 1885) was the son of Maharaja Gulab Singh, Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir and head of the Jamwal Rajput clan.	Ranbir Singh	Jammu
place of death	Syvert Nicolaas Bastert (1854, Maarssen -- 1939, Loenen aan de Vecht), was a 19th-century Dutch landscape painter, best known for his scenes along the river Vecht.	Nicolaas Bastert	Loenen aan de Vecht
place of death	August Borms (14 April 1878 in Sint-Niklaas -- 12 April 1946 in Etterbeek) was a Flemish nationalist politician active in Belgium during the first half of the twentieth century.	August Borms	Etterbeek
place of death	Petras Ciunis (June 26, 1898 in Perloja -- December 29, 1979 in Vilnius) was a Lithuanian army officer, educator.	Petras Ciunis	Vilnius
place of death	Johann Friedrich Thilo Irmisch (14 January 1816 in Sondershausen -- 28 April 1879 in Sondershausen) was a 19th-century German botanist.	Thilo Irmisch	Sondershausen
place of death	Simeon Solomon (9 October 1840, No. 3 Sandys Street, Bishopsgate, London -- 14 August 1905, St. Giles's Workhouse, Endell Street, London) was an English Pre-Raphaelite painter.	Simeon Solomon	London
place of death	Karl Jelinek (23 April 1822, Brünn -- 19 October 1876, Vienna) was an Austrian physicist and meteorologist.	Karl Jelinek	Vienna
place of death	Wilhelm Franz Karl Ludwig Dill (2 February 1848, Gernsbach - 24 October 1940, Karlsruhe) was a German ship and landscape painter who was a founding member of the Munich Secession.	Ludwig Dill	Karlsruhe
place of death	Marquis Dino Perrone Compagni (born 22 October 1879 in Florence - died 5 January 1950 in Florence) was a leading figure in the early years of Italian fascism.	Dino Perrone Compagni	Florence
place of death	Lillie Hayward (September 12, 1891 -- June 29, 1977) was an American screenwriter whose Hollywood career began during the silent era and continued well into the age of television.	Lillie Hayward	Hollywood
place of death	Enrico Reycend (Turin, November 3, 1855 -- Turin, February 21, 1928) was an Italian painter, mainly of landscapes and vedute.	Enrico Reycend	Turin
place of death	Hanns Heinz Ewers (3 November 1871 in Düsseldorf -- 12 June 1943 in Berlin) was a German actor, poet, philosopher, and writer of short stories and novels.	Hanns Heinz Ewers	Berlin
place of death	Arnold Scholz (December 24, 1904 in Berlin -- February 1, 1942 in Flensburg) was a German mathematician who proved Scholz's reciprocity law and introduced the Scholz conjecture.	Arnold Scholz	Flensburg
place of death	Maurice Fernez (30 August 1885 - 31 January 1952, Alfortville, Paris, France) was a French inventor and pioneer in the field of underwater breathing apparatus, respirators and gas masks.	Maurice Fernez	Alfortville
place of death	Amadeo Bordiga remained with the International Communist Party until his death at Formia in 1970.	Amadeo Bordiga	Formia
place of death	Francesco Saverio Salfi or Franco Salfi (Cosenza, 24 January 1759 -- Paris, 1832) was an Italian writer, politician and librettist.	Francesco Saverio Salfi	Paris
place of death	Emmanuel Carasso or Emanuel Karasu (1862 in Salonica -- 1934 in Trieste) was a lawyer and a member of the prominent Sephardic Jewish Carasso family of Ottoman Salonica (now Thessaloniki, Greece).	Emmanuel Carasso	Trieste
place of death	Ferry de Clugny, Cardinal and Bishop of Tournai (Autun ca. 1430 -- Rome 7 October 1483) was a highly placed statesman and ecclesiastic in the service of the Dukes of Burgundy.	Ferry de Clugny	Rome
place of death	Conrad Marca-Relli (born Corrado Marcarelli; June 5, 1913 Boston -- August 29, 2000 Parma) was an American artist who belonged to the early generation of New York School Abstract Expressionist artists whose artistic innovation by the 1950s had been recognized across the Atlantic, including Paris.	Conrad Marca-Relli	Parma
place of death	Roberto Gavaldón (born June 7, 1909 in Jiménez, Chihuahua -- died September 4, 1986 in Mexico City) was a Mexican film director.	Roberto Gavaldón	Mexico City
place of death	Pierre Nolf (Ypres, 26 July 1873-Brussels, 14 September 1953) was a Belgian scientist and politician.	Pierre Nolf	Brussels
place of death	Adolfo Targioni Tozzetti (13 February 1823, Florence -- 18 September 1902) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Sternorrhyncha.	Adolfo Targioni Tozzetti	Florence
place of death	Louis Dega (born 1890, Marseilles, France -- died 1945, French Guiana) was a prisoner in the French Guiana penitentiary of Devil's Island.	Louis Dega	French Guiana
place of death	Matija Vuković (Platičevo, 26 July 1925 -- Belgrade, 21 June 1985) was a Serbian sculptor.	Matija Vuković	Belgrade
place of death	Penelope Delta (Greek: Πηνελόπη Δέλτα; 1874, Alexandria, Khedivate of Egypt -- 2 May 1941, Athens) was a Greek author of teenage literature.	Penelope Delta	Athens
place of death	Robert Edeson (June 3, 1868, in New Orleans, Louisiana -- March 24, 1931, in Hollywood, California) was an American movie and stage actor of the silent era.	Robert Edeson	Hollywood
place of death	Juriaen van Streeck or Juriaan van Streek (Amsterdam, 29 February 1632 -- buried 12 June 1687, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes.	Juriaen van Streeck	Amsterdam
place of death	Albert Tafel (born 6 November 1876 in Stuttgart, died 19 April 1935 in Heidelberg) was a German geographer, doctor and explorer.	Albert Tafel	Heidelberg
place of death	Gérard Edelinck (20 October 1640 (baptized) -- 2 April 1707) was a copper-plate engraver and print publisher of Flemish origin, who worked in Paris from 1666 and became a naturalized French citizen in 1675.	Gérard Edelinck	Paris
place of death	Alfrēds Hartmanis (November 1, 1881, Riga, Latvia - July 27, 1927, Riga, Latvia) was a Latvian chess player who won the Baltic Chess Congress in 1913.	Alfrēds Hartmanis	Riga
place of death	He was an uncle of the national councilor and mayor of Solothurn Wilhelm Vigier (1839-1908).	Wilhelm Vigier	Solothurn
place of death	Ferdinand Johann Wiedemann (30 March (O.S. 18 March) 1805 in Hapsal (now Haapsalu) -- 29 December (O.S. 17 December) 1887 in Saint Petersburg) was an Estonian linguist who researched Uralic languages, mostly Estonian.	Ferdinand Johann Wiedemann	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Eugen Habermann (October 19, 1884 in Tallinn, Estonia - September 17, 1944 in Gdańsk Bay, Poland) was an Estonian architect.	Eugen Habermann	Gdańsk Bay
place of death	Gustav von Rohden (22 April 1855, Barmen -- 9 May 1942, Ballenstedt) was a German clergyman and the author of books on various social issues (the welfare of former prisoners, sexual ethics, etc.).	Gustav von Rohden	Ballenstedt
place of death	Patrick Van Antwerpen is a Belgian author-filmmaker born on 17 May 1944 in Ixelles (Brussels) and deceased in this commune on 3 December 1990.	Patrick Van Antwerpen	Ixelles
place of death	Johann Nordmann (born Rumpelmayer, also published as Johannes Nordmann and under the pseudonym H. Naudh, March 13, 1820 in Landersdorf, now Krems an der Donau -- August 20, 1887 in Vienna) was an Austrian journalist and travel writer.	Johann Nordmann	Vienna
place of death	Fazıl Küçük (Turkish pronunciation: (faˈzɯl cyˈt͡ʃyc); 14 March 1906 in Nicosia -- 15 January 1984 in London) was the first Vice President of the Republic of Cyprus.	Fazıl Küçük	London
position played on team / speciality	Valentin Yoskov (Bulgarian: Валентин Йосков; born 5 June 1998) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a forward for Cherno More Varna.	Valentin Yoskov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tal Makhlouf (Hebrew: טל מכלוף‎; born 31 August 1991) is an Israeli football center defender.	Tal Makhlouf	defender
position played on team / speciality	Josep Seguer Sans (6 May 1923 -- 1 January 2014) was a Spanish football defender and manager.	Josep Seguer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Vasilogiannis (Greek: Ανδρέας Βασιλόγιαννης; born 21 February 1991) is a Greek football player currently playing for Cypriot First Division side Ermis Aradippou as a Right midfielder.	Andreas Vasilogiannis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marc Laniel (born January 16, 1968 in Oshawa, Ontario and raised in Scarborough, Ontario) is a retired professional ice hockey defenceman.	Marc Laniel	defenceman
present in work	Peter Schibetta is a fictional character on the HBO series Oz, portrayed by Eddie Malavarca.	Peter Schibetta	Oz
present in work	Count Dooku is a fictional character from the Star Wars franchise, appearing as the primary antagonist in Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones and a supporting antagonist in Star Wars Episode III:	Count Dooku	Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones
present in work	Croc Master is a character from the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero toyline and comic book series.	Croc Master	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
present in work	Janet Dillon (maiden name Marlowe, previously Green, and often referred to as Janet from Another Planet) is a fictional character on the daytime soap opera All My Children.	Janet Dillon	All My Children
present in work	Tia Dalma, played by Naomie Harris, is a fictional character from the movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest and a primary character in the movie Pirates of the Caribbean:	Tia Dalma	Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
present in work	Heber the Kenite (Hebrew: חבר הקיני‎) was, according to the Book of Judges in the Tanakh and the Bible, a descendant of Reuel the Midianite, the father-in-law of Moses.	Heber the Kenite	Bible
present in work	Catherine Tramell is a fictional character in the 1992 film Basic Instinct and its sequel, Basic Instinct 2.	Catherine Tramell	Basic Instinct	Basic Instinct 2
present in work	Lord Alex Oakwell is a fictional character from the British soap opera Emmerdale, played by Rupam Maxwell.	Lord Alex Oakwell	Emmerdale
present in work	Jesse McGregor is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away, played by actor Ben Unwin.	Jesse McGregor	Home and Away
present in work	Chloe Sullivan is a fictional character in the television series Smallville, which is based on the Superman and Superboy comics published by DC Comics.	Chloe Sullivan	Smallville
present in work	Kobol is a planet in the fictional Battlestar Galactica universe.	Kobol	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Count von Count, often known simply as ``the Count'' or ``Count Count'', is one of the Muppet characters on Sesame Street.	Count von Count	Sesame Street
present in work	Grace Van Pelt is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama The Mentalist, portrayed by Amanda Righetti.	Grace Van Pelt	The Mentalist
present in work	Rebecca von Lahnstein is a character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Rebecca von Lahnstein	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	Lucinda Walsh (born Mary Ellen Walters; formerly Guest, Esteban, Dixon, Stenbeck and Wheatley) is a fictional character on the CBS soap opera As the World Turns.	Lucinda Walsh	As the World Turns
present in work	Tama Hudson is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street who was portrayed by David Wikaira-Paul from 2001 to 2006.	Tama Hudson	Shortland Street
present in work	Nicola King (née Blackstock; previously De Souza) is a fictional character in the ITV soap opera, Emmerdale.	Nicola King	Emmerdale
present in work	The story of Dushyanta's encounter, marriage, separation and reunion with his queen, Shakuntala, has been immortalized in the Mahabharata and in The Recognition of Shakuntala by the great Sanskrit poet Kalidas.	Dushyanta	Mahabharata
present in work	In For Your Eyes Only, Bill Tanner (now played by James Villiers due to Michael Goodliffe's death in 1976) is given a bigger role, as Bernard Lee, who played M, had died.	Bill Tanner	For Your Eyes Only
present in work	Théodred is a fictional character in The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien.	Théodred	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Bradley Foster was a fictional character in UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Harry Capehorn from 2004 to 2005.	Bradley Foster	Family Affairs
present in work	Jorah Mormont, nicknamed Jorah the Andal is a fictional character in the A Song of Ice and Fire series of fantasy novels by American author George R. R. Martin, and its television adaptation Game of Thrones.	Jorah Mormont	Game of Thrones
present in work	Clark Green is a fictional character on the U.S. comedy television series The Office.	Clark Green	The Office
present in work	Sofia Curtis is a fictional character on the CBS crime drama, CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, portrayed by British actress Louise Lombard.	Sofia Curtis	CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
present in work	Jeffrey Sinclair is a character in the fictional universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5, played by actor Michael O'Hare.	Jeffrey Sinclair	Babylon 5
present in work	Iago is a fictional character in Shakespeare's Othello (c. 1601--1604).	Iago	Othello
present in work	Chronologically, Skywarp made his first appearance in The Transformers:	Skywarp	The Transformers
present in work	Revolver Ocelot is a recurring character in Konami's Metal Gear series.	Revolver Ocelot	Metal Gear
present in work	Actor Brent Stait played Kent Nelson/Doctor Fate in the Smallville two-part episode ``Absolute Justice'', with Erica Carroll as Inza Nelson.	Doctor Fate	Smallville
present in work	Petruchio (an anglicisation of the Italian name Petruccio; Italian pronunciation: (peˈtruttʃo)) is the male romantic lead in Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew (c. 1590--1594).	Petruchio	The Taming of the Shrew
present in work	Hua Xiren (simplified Chinese: 花袭人; traditional Chinese: 花襲人; pinyin: Huā Xírén) is a major fictional character from the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Hua Xiren	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Boaz (/ˈboʊ.æz/; Modern Hebrew: בועז Bốʿaz; Massoretical Hebrew: בֹּ֫עַז Bṓʿaz; Hebrew pronunciation: (ˈboːʕaz)) is a major figure in the Book of Ruth in the Bible.	Boaz	Bible
present in work	Ellen Crozier is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street, who was portrayed by Robyn Malcolm for nearly 6 years in the mid to late nineties.	Ellen Crozier	Shortland Street
present in work	Alexandra Spaulding (formerly von Halkein, Thorpe and Foley), affectionately known by family and friends as Alex, is a fictional character on CBS's daytime drama Guiding Light.	Alexandra Spaulding	Guiding Light
present in work	Paul Ryan and Meg Snyder are fictional characters and a popular couple on the American soap opera As the World Turns.	Paul Ryan and Meg Snyder	As the World Turns
present in work	Elliot Stabler is a fictional character portrayed by Christopher Meloni and one of the lead characters on the NBC police procedural series Law & Order: Special Victims Unit during the first twelve seasons.	Elliot Stabler	Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
present in work	Bhurishravas (Sanskrit: भूरिश्रवस् / भूरिश्र्वा) was a prince of a minor kingdom in the kingdom of Bahlika and played a role in the Mahabharata epic.	Bhurishravas	Mahabharata
present in work	Sheng Long is a character hoax related to the Street Fighter series, created by Electronic Gaming Monthly (EGM) as an April Fool's gag in 1992 (in an issue published mid-February).	Sheng Long	Street Fighter
present in work	Quintus Valerius Pompey is a fictional character in the HBO/BBC2 original television series, Rome, played by Rick Warden.	Quintus Valerius Pompey	Rome
publication date	A Moral Conjugal is a 2012 Portuguese drama film directed by Artur Serra Araújo and starring Dinarte Branco, São José Correia and José Wallenstein.	A Moral Conjugal	2012
publication date	Amor de otoño (English language:Love of Autumn) is a 1996 Argentine romantic drama film directed and written by José Conrado Castelli.	Amor de otoño	1996
publication date	Con Safos is the second and last album by Ruben and the Jets, recorded in 1974 as a follow-up to their 1973 debut For Real!, which was produced by Frank Zappa (whose 1968 album Cruising with Ruben & the Jets was the source for the band's name).	Con Safos	1974
publication date	The Simpsons Movie is a 2007 American animated adventure comedy film based on the Fox television series The Simpsons.	The Simpsons Movie	2007
publication date	Rest on Your Shoulder (Chinese: 肩上蝶) is a 2011 Chinese fantasy film created by Ning Bei Dao Cao Jia Cou Television Planning Co.LTD and released by EDKO Film Ltd..	Rest on Your Shoulder	2011
publisher	Ledfeather is a 2008 novel by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones, published by FC2 (Fiction Collective Two).	Ledfeather	Fiction Collective Two
publisher	Dragon Oath, also known as Tian Long Ba Bu (abbreviation: TLBB) in China, is a free-to-play MMORPG developed and published by Changyou.com and Sohu and launched in May 2007.	Dragon Oath	Sohu
publisher	The Journal of Web Semantics is an interdisciplinary peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier.	Journal of Web Semantics	Elsevier
publisher	After Burner II is an arcade-style flight game released by Sega in 1987.	After Burner II	Sega
publisher	KAtomic is a simple educational puzzle game that is part of the game package which ships with the KDE desktop environment.	KAtomic	KDE
record label	Glitter in the Gutter is singer-songwriter Jesse Malin's third studio album, released on Adeline Records on March 20, 2007.	Glitter in the Gutter	Adeline Records
record label	``I'm on a Roll'' is Stefano's first single after being signed to Hollywood Records.	I'm on a Roll	Hollywood Records
record label	``Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got'' is a 1967 Soul song, originally recorded and made a hit by Jimmy Ruffin on Motown Records' ``Soul'' Label imprint.	Gonna Give Her All the Love I've Got	Motown
record label	Night of the Furies is The Rosebuds' third album, released April 10, 2007 on Merge Records.	Night of the Furies	Merge Records
record label	Under the Red Sky is the twenty-seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan, released on September 10, 1990 by Columbia Records.	Under the Red Sky	Columbia Records
screenwriter	Your Highness is a 2011 American fantasy stoner comedy film directed by David Gordon Green, and stars Danny McBride, James Franco, Natalie Portman, Zooey Deschanel and Justin Theroux.	Your Highness	Danny McBride
screenwriter	Dialogue with the Carmelites (French: Le dialogue des Carmélites, Italian: I dialoghi delle Carmelitane, also known as The Carmelites) is a 1960 French-Italian historical drama film written and directed by Raymond Léopold Bruckberger and Philippe Agostini.	Dialogue with the Carmelites	Philippe Agostini
screenwriter	Den nye lægen (English: The new doctor) is a 1943 Norwegian drama film directed by Rasmus Breistein, starring Jon Lennart Mjøen.	Den nye lægen	Rasmus Breistein
screenwriter	Wicked Stepmother is a 1989 American comedy film written, produced, and directed by Larry Cohen.	Wicked Stepmother	Larry Cohen
screenwriter	Dash Akol (in Persian: داش آکُل) is a 1971 Iranian drama film directed by Masoud Kimiai.	Dash Akol	Masoud Kimiai
screenwriter	Days of Inspector Ambrosio (Italian: I giorni del commissario Ambrosio) is a 1988 Italian crime film directed by Sergio Corbucci.	Days of Inspector Ambrosio	Sergio Corbucci
screenwriter	Typhon sur Nagasaki (English: Typhoon Over Nagasaki) is a French drama romance film from 1957, directed by Yves Ciampi, written by Jean-Charles Tacchella, starring Jean Marais.	Typhon sur Nagasaki	Yves Ciampi	Jean-Charles Tacchella
screenwriter	Sugar Cane Alley (French title: La Rue Cases-Nègres) is a 1983 film directed by Euzhan Palcy.	Sugar Cane Alley	Euzhan Palcy
screenwriter	Moscow Elegy (Russian: Московская элегия) is a 1988 documentary film directed by Alexander Sokurov, about the later life and death of Soviet Russian filmmaker Andrei Tarkovsky.	Moscow Elegy	Alexander Sokurov
screenwriter	The Final Game is a German thriller film directed by Sigi Rothemund, it was written by Timo Berndt and Borris Brandt.	The Final Game	Timo Berndt
screenwriter	When the Day Breaks is a Canadian animated short co-directed by Wendy Tilby and Amanda Forbis.	When the Day Breaks	Wendy Tilby
screenwriter	Hobo with a Shotgun is a 2011 Canadian exploitation action dark comedy-thriller film directed by Jason Eisener and written by John Davies, starring Rutger Hauer.	Hobo with a Shotgun	John Davies
screenwriter	Katanga Business is a 2009 film by Belgian director Thierry Michel that explores the mining industry in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Katanga Business	Thierry Michel
screenwriter	Larry Semon - The Head Waiter Oliver Hardy - A Cop (as Babe Hardy) Lucille Carlisle - Cashier (as Lucille Zintheo)	The Head Waiter	Larry Semon
screenwriter	Fireworks, Should We See It from the Side or the Bottom? (打ち上げ花火、下から見るか? 横から見るか?), usually called Fireworks, is a 1993 Japanese film by writer/director Shunji Iwai.	Fireworks, Should We See It from the Side or the Bottom?	Shunji Iwai
screenwriter	I Killed My Mother (French: J'ai tué ma mère) is a 2009 Quebec biographical drama film written and directed by Xavier Dolan.	I Killed My Mother	Xavier Dolan
screenwriter	Johnny Suede is a 1991 American film the directorial debut of Tom DiCillo, and stars Brad Pitt and Catherine Keener, with early appearances of Samuel L. Jackson and Nick Cave.	Johnny Suede	Tom DiCillo
screenwriter	Woman Between Wolf and Dog (Dutch: Een vrouw tussen hond en wolf, French: Femme entre chien et loup) is a 1979 Belgian-French drama film directed by André Delvaux.	Woman Between Wolf and Dog	André Delvaux
screenwriter	Cara sposa (Dear Wife) is a 1977 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.	Cara sposa	Pasquale Festa Campanile
screenwriter	Cabezas cortadas (Portuguese: Cabeças Cortadas) is a 1970 Spanish-Brazilian drama film directed by Glauber Rocha.	Cabezas cortadas	Glauber Rocha
screenwriter	S.O.S. Eisberg (S.O.S. Iceberg) is a 1933 German-US drama film directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Gustav Diessl, Leni Riefenstahl, Sepp Rist, Gibson Gowland, Rod La Roque, and Ernst Udet.	S.O.S. Eisberg	Arnold Fanck
screenwriter	Robert Chiappetta and Glen Whitman co-wrote ``And Those We've Left Behind'', while Brad Anderson directed.	And Those We've Left Behind	Robert Chiappetta	Glen Whitman
screenwriter	Nina's Journey (Swedish: Ninas resa, Polish: Podróż Niny) is a 2005 Polish-Swedish drama film written and directed by Lena Einhorn.	Nina's Journey	Lena Einhorn
screenwriter	An Episode in the Life of an Iron Picker (Bosnian: Epizoda u životu berača željeza) is 2013 Bosnian drama film directed by Danis Tanović.	An Episode in the Life of an Iron Picker	Danis Tanović
screenwriter	The Man Who Quit Smoking (Swedish: Mannen som slutade röka) is a 1972 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson, starring Gösta Ekman, Grynet Molvig, Carl-Gustaf Lindstedt and Gunn Wållgren.	The Man Who Quit Smoking	Tage Danielsson
screenwriter	Underworld U.S.A. (also known as Underworld USA) is a 1961 American neo-noir film produced, written and directed by Samuel Fuller.	Underworld U.S.A.	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	Poverty and Nobility (Italian: Miseria e nobiltà) is a 1954 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Totò.	Poverty and Nobility	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	Thirty Seconds of Love (Italian:Trenta secondi d'amore) is a 1936 Italian romantic comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Nino Besozzi, Elsa Merlini and Enrico Viarisio.	Thirty Seconds of Love	Mario Bonnard
screenwriter	Return to Ithaca (French: Retour à Ithaque) is a 2014 comedy-drama film directed by Laurent Cantet.	Return to Ithaca	Laurent Cantet
screenwriter	Kärlekens decimaler (English: Love decimals) is a 1960 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Kärlekens decimaler	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	A Short Film About Love (Polish: Krótki film o miłości) is a Polish romantic drama film directed by Krzysztof Kieślowski and starring Grażyna Szapołowska and Olaf Lubaszenko.	A Short Film About Love	Krzysztof Kieślowski
screenwriter	The Isle is a 2000 South Korean film written and directed by Kim Ki-duk.	The Isle	Kim Ki-duk
screenwriter	The Girl from Monday is a 2005 American film directed by Hal Hartley.	The Girl from Monday	Hal Hartley
screenwriter	Curse of the Golden Flower (Chinese: 滿城盡帶黃金甲; pinyin: Mǎnchéngjìndàihuángjīnjiǎ) is a 2006 Chinese epic drama film written and directed by Zhang Yimou.	Curse of the Golden Flower	Zhang Yimou
screenwriter	Cry-Baby is a 1990 American teen musical romantic comedy film written and directed by John Waters.	Cry-Baby	John Waters
screenwriter	Lola Colt (also known as Black Tigress and Lola Baby) is a 1967 Spaghetti Western film directed by Siro Marcellini.	Lola Colt	Siro Marcellini
screenwriter	The Lady of Monza (Italian: La monaca di Monza, also known as The Awful Story of the Nun of Monza and The Nun of Monza) is a 1969 Italian historical drama film directed by Eriprando Visconti.	The Lady of Monza	Eriprando Visconti
screenwriter	Love Me Not (Hangul: 사랑따윈 필요없어; RR: Sarang ddawin piryo eopseo; literally ``Love and Such Is Not Necessary'') is a 2006 South Korean romance film directed by Lee Cheol-ha and starring Moon Geun-young and Kim Joo-hyuk.	Love Me Not	Lee Cheol-ha
screenwriter	Grandpa's Journey (Swedish: Morfars resa) is a 1993 Swedish drama film directed by Staffan Lamm.	Grandpa's Journey	Staffan Lamm
screenwriter	The Monuments Men is a 2014 American-German war film directed by George Clooney, written and produced by Clooney and Grant Heslov.	The Monuments Men	George Clooney
screenwriter	The Auntie from Chicago (Greek: Η θεία από το Σικάγο; also known Aunt from Chicago) is a 1957 Greek theatrical comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios and produced by Finos Films.	The Auntie from Chicago	Alekos Sakellarios
screenwriter	All About Eve is a 1950 American drama film written and directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz, and produced by Darryl F. Zanuck.	All About Eve	Joseph L. Mankiewicz
screenwriter	Bubba Ho-Tep is a 2002 American comedy horror film written, co-produced and directed by Don Coscarelli.	Bubba Ho-Tep	Don Coscarelli
screenwriter	Poor Cow is a 1967 British drama film, directed by Ken Loach and based on Nell Dunn's novel of the same name.	Poor Cow	Ken Loach	Nell Dunn
screenwriter	Elskere (English: Lovers) is a 1963 Norwegian drama film directed by Nils R. Müller, starring Ingerid Vardund and Wenche Myhre.	Elskere	Nils R. Müller
screenwriter	Sex Quartet (Italian: Le fate, 'the fairies') is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli, Mauro Bolognini, Antonio Pietrangeli and Luciano Salce.	Sex Quartet	Luciano Salce
screenwriter	Things to Come (also known in promotional material as H. G. Wells' Things to Come) is a 1936 British black-and-white science fiction film from United Artists, produced by Alexander Korda, directed by William Cameron Menzies, and written by H. G. Wells.	Things to Come	H. G. Wells
screenwriter	Häxan (Danish title: Heksen; English title: The Witches or Witchcraft Through the Ages) is a 1922 Swedish-Danish silent film written and directed by Benjamin Christensen.	Häxan	Benjamin Christensen
screenwriter	The Queen of Navarre (Italian:La regina di Navarra) is a 1942 Italian historical film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Elsa Merlini, Gino Cervi and Renato Cialente.	The Queen of Navarre	Carmine Gallone
screenwriter	The Eagleman Stag is a 9-minute long stop motion animated film by Michael Please.	The Eagleman Stag	Michael Please
screenwriter	Dove vai tutta nuda?, internationally released as Where Are You Going All Naked?, is a 1969 Italian comedy film directed by Pasquale Festa Campanile.	Where Are You Going All Naked?	Pasquale Festa Campanile
screenwriter	Keep Your Powder Dry is a 1945 drama film starring Lana Turner, Susan Peters, and Laraine Day as women who join the Women's Army Corps during World War II. The film was directed by Edward Buzzell and written by George Bruce and Mary C. McCall, Jr.	Keep Your Powder Dry	George Bruce	Mary C. McCall, Jr.
screenwriter	Fred Olen Ray was the producer for all three of Steve Latshaw's films, and Patrick Moran, who played Jack-O, had writing credits on all three as well.	Jack-O	Fred Olen Ray
screenwriter	Karin Daughter of Ingmar (Swedish: Karin Ingmarsdotter) is a 1920 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	Karin Daughter of Ingmar	Victor Sjöström
screenwriter	The Birch Wood (Polish: Brzezina) is a 1970 Polish drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda based on a novel by Jarosław Iwaszkiewicz.	The Birch Wood	Andrzej Wajda
screenwriter	Dangerous Number is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Richard Thorpe and written by Carey Wilson.	Dangerous Number	Carey Wilson
screenwriter	Luna e l'altra is a 1996 Italian fantasy film directed, written and starred by Maurizio Nichetti.	Luna e l'altra	Maurizio Nichetti
screenwriter	Guilty as Sin is a 1993 courtroom drama thriller film written by Larry Cohen, directed by Sidney Lumet and produced by Martin Ransohoff.	Guilty as Sin	Larry Cohen
screenwriter	Time Bandits is a 1981 British fantasy film co-written, produced, and directed by Terry Gilliam, and starring Sean Connery, John Cleese, Shelley Duvall, Ralph Richardson, Katherine Helmond, Ian Holm, Michael Palin, David Warner, and Craig Warnock.	Time Bandits	Terry Gilliam	Michael Palin
screenwriter	Tiny Times 3 (Chinese: 小时代:刺金时代) is a 2014 Chinese film written and directed by Guo Jingming and a sequel to 2013's film Tiny Times 2.	Tiny Times 3	Guo Jingming
screenwriter	Summer Lovers is a 1982 romance film written and directed by Randal Kleiser, starring Peter Gallagher, Daryl Hannah and Valerie Quennessen.	Summer Lovers	Randal Kleiser
screenwriter	It was written and directed by Gregory Widen, and is the first motion picture of The Prophecy series including four sequels.	The Prophecy	Gregory Widen
screenwriter	Reign Over Me is a 2007 American drama film written and directed by Mike Binder, and produced by his brother Jack Binder.	Reign Over Me	Mike Binder
screenwriter	Humain, trop humain is a French documentary film by Louis Malle about the operations of a Citroën car production plant.	Humain, trop humain	Louis Malle
screenwriter	Les Amants du Pont-Neuf (French pronunciation: ​(lez‿amɑ̃ dy pɔ̃ nœf)) is a 1991 French film directed by Leos Carax, starring Juliette Binoche and Denis Lavant.	Les Amants du Pont-Neuf	Leos Carax
screenwriter	In My Skin (French: Dans ma peau) is a 2002 New French Extremity film written by, directed by, and starring Marina de Van.	In My Skin	Marina de Van
screenwriter	Secret Agent Super Dragon (also known as New York chiama Superdrago, which translates as New York calls Superdragon) is a 1966 French, Spanish and Italian international co-production Eurospy film, directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Ray Danton as the titular secret agent.	Secret Agent Super Dragon	Giorgio Ferroni
screenwriter	Flight of Fury is a 2007 American action film directed by Michael Keusch, and written by Joe Halpin and Steven Seagal, who also starred in the lead role.	Flight of Fury	Steven Seagal
screenwriter	Side Street Story (Italian: Napoli milionaria (ˈnaːpoli miljoˈnaːrja), meaning ``Millionaire Naples'') is a 1950 Italian comedy film directed by Eduardo De Filippo.	Side Street Story	Eduardo De Filippo
screenwriter	Set Fire to the Stars is a 2014 British semi-biographical drama film directed by Andy Goddard in his directorial debut.	Set Fire to the Stars	Andy Goddard
screenwriter	``The Year of the Fin'' was written by creator Mitch Glazer and directed by Carl Franklin.	The Year of the Fin	Mitch Glazer
screenwriter	Cléo from 5 to 7 (French: Cléo de 5 à 7) is a 1962 Left Bank film by Agnès Varda.	Cléo from 5 to 7	Agnès Varda
screenwriter	The Iron Crown (Italian: La corona di ferro) is a 1941 Italian adventure written and directed by Alessandro Blasetti, starring Massimo Girotti and Gino Cervi.	The Iron Crown	Alessandro Blasetti
screenwriter	Christopher's House (Swedish: Kristoffers hus) is a 1979 Swedish drama film directed by Lars Lennart Forsberg.	Christopher's House	Lars Lennart Forsberg
screenwriter	Manhandled is a 1949 film noir directed by Lewis R. Foster, and starring Dorothy Lamour, Dan Duryea, and Sterling Hayden, and based on the 1945 novel The Man Who Stole a Dream by L. S. Goldsmith.	Manhandled	Lewis R. Foster
screenwriter	Son cartas de amor (Spanish: Novios para las muchachas) is a 1943 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Amelia Bence.	Son cartas de amor	Luis César Amadori
screenwriter	The Man Who Loves (Italian: L'uomo che ama) is a 2008 Italian romance-drama film directed by Maria Sole Tognazzi.	The Man Who Loves	Maria Sole Tognazzi
screenwriter	Thalapathi (English: Commander) is a 1991 Indian Tamil crime-drama film written and directed by Mani Ratnam and produced by G. Venkateswaran.	Thalapathi	Mani Ratnam
screenwriter	Jazzgossen (``The jazz boy'') is a 1958 Swedish musical film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Jazzgossen	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	The Elusive Pimpernel is a 1950 British period adventure film by the British-based director-writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, based on the novel The Scarlet Pimpernel (1905) by Baroness Emmuska Orczy.	The Elusive Pimpernel	Michael Powell
screenwriter	Last Known Address (French: Dernier domicile connu) is a 1970 French-Italian film directed by José Giovanni.	Last Known Address	José Giovanni
screenwriter	A Mysterious Portrait (French: Le Portrait mystérieux), also known as The Mysterious Portrait, is an 1899 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	A Mysterious Portrait	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Facing Windows (Italian: La finestra di fronte) is a 2003 Italian movie directed by Ferzan Özpetek.	Facing Windows	Ferzan Özpetek
screenwriter	Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life is a 2010 live-action/animated short film about the fictional adventures of Maurice Sendak's pet dog Jennie, based on his 1967 children's book of the same name.	Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life	Maurice Sendak
screenwriter	The inspiration of Sia, le rêve du python is a seventh-century myth of the Wagadu people of Western Africa, which was adapted into the play La légende du Wagudu vue par Sia Yatabéré by Mauritanian writer Moussa Diagana.	Sia, le rêve du python	Moussa Diagana
screenwriter	Looking for Fidel is a documentary film by Oliver Stone, released in 2004.	Looking for Fidel	Oliver Stone
screenwriter	Multiple Maniacs is a 1970 American comedy film by American cult filmmaker John Waters; his second feature film.	Multiple Maniacs	John Waters
screenwriter	Sue Lost in Manhattan, also known as Sue, is a 1998 American drama film directed by Amos Kollek.	Sue Lost in Manhattan	Amos Kollek
screenwriter	Drôle de Félix (named The Adventures of Felix in English; the title literally means Comedy of Félix or Amazing Félix) is a 2000 French film, a road movie written and directed by Olivier Ducastel and Jacques Martineau.	Drôle de Félix	Olivier Ducastel	Jacques Martineau
screenwriter	Hail the Artist (French: Salut l'artiste, Italian: L'idolo della città) is a 1973 French-Italian comedy film directed by Yves Robert.	Hail the Artist	Yves Robert
screenwriter	The Cable Guy is a 1996 American satirical black comedy film directed by Ben Stiller, who also co-stars in the film.	The Cable Guy	Ben Stiller
screenwriter	The Man Who Understood Women is a 1959 American drama film written and directed by Nunnally Johnson from a novel by Romain Gary, and starring Henry Fonda, Leslie Caron, Renate Hoy and Cesare Danova.	The Man Who Understood Women	Nunnally Johnson
screenwriter	The Battle of the Villa Fiorita is a 1965 British-American drama film, based on the novel by Rumer Godden, directed by Delmer Daves.	The Battle of the Villa Fiorita	Delmer Daves
screenwriter	The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant (German: Die bitteren Tränen der Petra von Kant) is a 1972 German film directed by Rainer Werner Fassbinder, based on his own play.	The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant	Rainer Werner Fassbinder
screenwriter	Brotherhood of Blades (Chinese: 绣春刀; pinyin: Xiùchūndāo) is a 2014 Chinese wuxia film directed by Lu Yang.	Brotherhood of Blades	Lu Yang
screenwriter	Stop Making Sense is a 1984 concert movie featuring a live performance by Talking Heads.	Stop Making Sense	Talking Heads
screenwriter	On May 10, 2012, two weeks after Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation announced production of The Smurfs 2, Variety reported that writers Karey Kirkpatrick and Chris Poche were developing a script for The Smurfs 3, which was set for release on July 24, 2015, and later rescheduled for August 14, 2015.	The Smurfs 2	Karey Kirkpatrick
screenwriter	Friends with Money is a 2006 comedy-drama film written and directed by Nicole Holofcener.	Friends with Money	Nicole Holofcener
screenwriter	The Inbetweeners Movie is a 2011 British coming-of-age comedy film based on the E4 sitcom The Inbetweeners, written by series creators Damon Beesley and Iain Morris and directed by Ben Palmer.	The Inbetweeners Movie	Damon Beesley	Iain Morris
screenwriter	The Miracle of Morgan's Creek is a 1944 screwball comedy film written and directed by Preston Sturges, starring Eddie Bracken and Betty Hutton, and featuring Diana Lynn, William Demarest and Porter Hall.	The Miracle of Morgan's Creek	Preston Sturges
screenwriter	Esther Kahn is the first English-language film by the French director Arnaud Desplechin.	Esther Kahn	Arnaud Desplechin
screenwriter	Kull the Conqueror is a 1997 fantasy film about the Robert E. Howard character Kull starring Kevin Sorbo.	Kull the Conqueror	Robert E. Howard
screenwriter	Brancaleone at the Crusades (Italian: Brancaleone alle Crociate) is an Italian comedy film directed by Mario Monicelli in 1970, the sequel of the famous L'armata Brancaleone.	Brancaleone at the Crusades	Mario Monicelli
screenwriter	Me, Me, Me... and the Others (Italian: Io, io, io... e gli altri) is a 1966 Italian comedy film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.	Me, Me, Me... and the Others	Alessandro Blasetti
screenwriter	Maryam and Mitil (Persian: مریم و میتیل‎) is a 1993 Iranian written and directed by Fathali Oveisi, starring Afsaneh Bayegan, Hamid Jebeli, Hamideh Kheirabadi, Niyaz Taremi, Parviz Shafi'Zadeh and Mohammad Varshochi.	Maryam and Mitil	Fathali Oveisi
screenwriter	The film was adapted by Harry Carr, Forrest Halsey, Agnes Christine Johnston, and Edwin Justus Mayer from the novel The Divine Lady: a Romance of Nelson and Emma Hamilton by E. Barrington.	The Divine Lady	Forrest Halsey
screenwriter	Ma petite entreprise (English: My Little Business) is a 1999 French film directed by Pierre Jolivet and written by Jolivet and Simon Michaël.	My Little Business	Pierre Jolivet
screenwriter	OceanWorld 3D is a 2009 documentary by Jean-Jacques Mantello.	OceanWorld 3D	Jean-Jacques Mantello
screenwriter	Body Heat is a 1981 American neo-noir erotic thriller film written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan.	Body Heat	Lawrence Kasdan
screenwriter	The Sucker (French: Le Corniaud, French pronunciation: ​(lə kɔʁˈnjo)) is a French, Italian and Spanish comedy film by Gérard Oury starring Louis de Funès and Bourvil.	The Sucker	Gérard Oury
screenwriter	The Homestretch is a 1947 American drama film directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and written by Wanda Tuchock.	The Homestretch	Wanda Tuchock
screenwriter	Tarzan Escapes is a 1936 Tarzan film based on the character created by Edgar Rice Burroughs.	Tarzan Escapes	Edgar Rice Burroughs
screenwriter	Flickan från tredje raden (English: The Girl from the Third Row) is a 1949 Swedish comedy film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Flickan från tredje raden	Hasse Ekman
screenwriter	How I Won the War is a black comedy film directed and produced by Richard Lester, released in 1967, based on a novel of the same name by Patrick Ryan.	How I Won the War	Patrick Ryan
screenwriter	Geri's Game is a 1997 computer animated short film made by Pixar, written and directed by Jan Pinkava.	Geri's Game	Jan Pinkava
screenwriter	Death Carries a Cane (Italian title: Passi di danza su una lama di rasoio; UK title: Maniac At Large) is a 1973 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux.	Death Carries a Cane	Maurizio Pradeaux
screenwriter	The Nines (stylized as The NIN9S) is a 2007 science fantasy film written and directed by John August and starring Ryan Reynolds, Hope Davis, Melissa McCarthy, and Elle Fanning.	The Nines	John August
screenwriter	The Invisible War is a 2012 documentary film written and directed by Kirby Dick and produced by Amy Ziering and Tanner King Barklow about sexual assault in the United States military.	The Invisible War	Kirby Dick
screenwriter	One Night at McCool's is a 2001 American crime comedy film written by Stan Seidel, directed by Harald Zwart, and starring Liv Tyler, Matt Dillon, Paul Reiser, John Goodman, Michael Douglas, and Andrew Silverstein.	One Night at McCool's	Stan Seidel
screenwriter	Tetro is a 2009 American-Argentine drama film written, directed and produced by Francis Ford Coppola and starring Vincent Gallo, Alden Ehrenreich and Maribel Verdú.	Tetro	Francis Ford Coppola
screenwriter	Office Romance (Russian: Служебный роман, translit. Sluzhebnyy roman) is a Soviet comedy film directed by Eldar Ryazanov.	Office Romance	Eldar Ryazanov
screenwriter	Fellow Citizen (Persian: همشهری, Hamshahri‎) is a 1983 Iranian documentary film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	Fellow Citizen	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Shopgirl is a 2005 American romantic drama film directed by Anand Tucker and starring Steve Martin, Claire Danes, and Jason Schwartzman.	Shopgirl	Steve Martin
screenwriter	The Beautiful Person (French: La belle personne) is a 2008 French drama television film directed by Christophe Honoré.	The Beautiful Person	Christophe Honoré
screenwriter	Daddy's Little Girls is a 2007 romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Tyler Perry and produced by Perry and Reuben Cannon.	Daddy's Little Girls	Tyler Perry
screenwriter	I camionisti (The Truckers) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Flavio Mogherini and starred by the comedy duo Gigi e Andrea.	I camionisti	Flavio Mogherini
screenwriter	Milana (Rendezvous) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language drama film co-written and directed by Prakash, starring Puneeth Rajkumar, Pooja gandhi and Parvathy in the lead roles.	Milana	Prakash
screenwriter	The Music According to Antonio Carlos Jobim (Portuguese: A Música Segundo Tom Jobim) is a 2012 Brazilian documentary film, directed by Nelson Pereira dos Santos and Dora Jobim that tells the history of the singer and songwriter Tom Jobim.	The Music According to Antonio Carlos Jobim	Nelson Pereira dos Santos
screenwriter	Kings of the Road (German: Im Lauf der Zeit) is a 1976 German road movie directed by Wim Wenders.	Kings of the Road	Wim Wenders
screenwriter	Teesri Manzil (English: ``Third Floor'') is a 1966 Bollywood musical thriller directed by Vijay Anand and produced by Nasir Hussain.	Teesri Manzil	Nasir Hussain
screenwriter	Brice de Nice is a 2005 French comedy film directed by James Huth, written by Huth, Jean Dujardin, and Karine Angeli, and starring Dujardin.	Brice de Nice	James Huth	Jean Dujardin
screenwriter	The Master of Disguise is a 2002 Australian/British/American comedy fantasy film directed by Perry Andelin Blake in his directorial debut and written by Dana Carvey and Harris Goldberg.	The Master of Disguise	Dana Carvey
screenwriter	Lui è peggio di me (He is worse than me) is a 1984 Italian comedy film directed by Enrico Oldoini.	Lui è peggio di me	Enrico Oldoini
screenwriter	The Princess of Montpensier (French: La princesse de Montpensier) is a 2010 French period romance film directed by Bertrand Tavernier, inspired by a short story anonymously published by Madame de La Fayette.	The Princess of Montpensier	Bertrand Tavernier
screenwriter	10:30 P.M. Summer is a 1966 American drama film directed by Jules Dassin, husband of star Melina Mercouri.	10:30 P.M. Summer	Jules Dassin
screenwriter	Under the Roofs of Paris (French: Sous les toits de Paris) is a 1930 French film directed by René Clair.	Under the Roofs of Paris	René Clair
screenwriter	Natura contro (English: Against Nature), also known in English as The Green Inferno and Cannibal Holocaust II, is a 1988 Italian cannibal film directed by mondo director Antonio Climati.	Natura contro	Antonio Climati
screenwriter	The Avenger of Venice (Italian: Il ponte dei sospiri, Spanish: El puente de los suspiros, French: Le pont des soupirs) is a 1964 Italian-French-Spanish adventure film written and directed by Carlo Campogalliani and starring Brett Halsey and Gianna Maria Canale.	The Avenger of Venice	Carlo Campogalliani
screenwriter	Robot Stories is a 2003 American independent anthology science fiction comedy-drama film written and directed by Greg Pak.	Robot Stories	Greg Pak
screenwriter	The Criminal Life of Archibaldo de la Cruz (original Spanish title: Ensayo de un Crimen) is a 1955 Mexican film by Spanish-born writer-director Luis Buñuel.	The Criminal Life of Archibaldo de la Cruz	Luis Buñuel
screenwriter	A Dangerous Toy (originally titled Il giocattolo) is a 1979 Italian crime drama film written and directed by Giuliano Montaldo.	A Dangerous Toy	Giuliano Montaldo
screenwriter	The Last Step (Persian :پله آخر) is Ali Mosaffa's second feature film following Portrait of a Lady Far Away (2005) featuring Leila Hatami, Ali Mosaffa, and Alireza Aghakhani.	The Last Step	Ali Mosaffa
screenwriter	For One Thousand Dollars Per Day (Italian: Per mille dollari al giorno, Spanish: Por mil dólares al día, also known as Renegade Gunfighter) is a 1966 Italian-Spanish Spaghetti Western film directed by Silvio Amadio.	For One Thousand Dollars Per Day	Silvio Amadio
screenwriter	Watering the Flowers (French: L'Arroseur) was an 1896 French short comedy film directed by Georges Méliès.	Watering the Flowers	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Delamu (simplified Chinese: 茶马古道:德拉姆; traditional Chinese: 茶馬古道:德拉姆; pinyin: Cha ma gudao: de la mu) is an award winning 2004 documentary film directed by the acclaimed Fifth Generation Chinese filmmaker, Tian Zhuangzhuang.	Delamu	Tian Zhuangzhuang
screenwriter	Winter Holidays (Italian: Vacanze d'inverno) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Camillo Mastrocinque and Giuliano Carnimeo (collaborating director), based on story by Oreste Biancoli.	Winter Holidays	Oreste Biancoli
screenwriter	Addams Family Reunion is a 1998 film based on The Addams Family television series (which was in turn based on the cartoons of Charles Addams).	Addams Family Reunion	Charles Addams
screenwriter	Glumov's Diary (Дневник Глумова), a 1923 Soviet short silent film, is the first film directed by Sergei Eisenstein.	Glumov's Diary	Sergei Eisenstein
screenwriter	Bryllupsfesten (English: The wedding party) is a 1989 Norwegian comedy film written by Petter Vennerød, and directed by Vennerød and Svend Wam, starring Knut Husebø and Eli Anne Linnestad.	Bryllupsfesten	Petter Vennerød	Svend Wam
screenwriter	Poojai (English: Veneration) is a 2014 Indian Tamil masala film directed by Hari and produced by Vishal, who himself plays the lead role alongside an ensemble cast featuring Shruti Haasan, Sathyaraj, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Mukesh Tiwari.	Poojai	Hari
screenwriter	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion is a 2001 crime comedy film written by, directed by, and starring Woody Allen.	The Curse of the Jade Scorpion	Woody Allen
screenwriter	Crime at the Chinese Restaurant (Italian: Delitto al ristorante cinese) is a 1981 Italian ``poliziottesco''-comedy film directed by Bruno Corbucci.	Crime at the Chinese Restaurant	Bruno Corbucci
screenwriter	I Vitelloni (Italian pronunciation: (i vitelˈloːni)) is a 1953 Italian comedy-drama directed by Federico Fellini from a screenplay by Fellini, Ennio Flaiano and Tullio Pinelli.	I Vitelloni	Federico Fellini	Ennio Flaiano	Tullio Pinelli
screenwriter	Made in Britain is a 1983 British television play written by David Leland, and directed by Alan Clarke, about a 16-year-old racist skinhead named Trevor, and his constant confrontations with authority figures.	Made in Britain	David Leland
screenwriter	The Seven Year Itch is a 1955 American romantic comedy film based on a three-act play with the same name by George Axelrod.	The Seven Year Itch	George Axelrod
screenwriter	The Inheritance or Fuckoffguysgoodday (Czech: Dědictví aneb Kurvahošigutntag) is a 1992 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Věra Chytilová.	The Inheritance or Fuckoffguysgoodday	Věra Chytilová
screenwriter	The Dark House (Polish: Dom zły) is a 2009 Polish horror/drama film directed by Wojciech Smarzowski.	The Dark House	Wojciech Smarzowski
screenwriter	Your Face is a 1987 animated short film by Bill Plympton.	Your Face	Bill Plympton
screenwriter	Bank Shot is a 1974 film directed by Gower Champion and written by Wendell Mayes.	Bank Shot	Wendell Mayes
screenwriter	La sbandata is a 1974 commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Alfredo Malfatti (supervised by Salvatore Samperi).	La sbandata	Salvatore Samperi
screenwriter	Tiny Furniture is a 2010 American independent comedy-drama written by, directed by, and starring Lena Dunham.	Tiny Furniture	Lena Dunham
screenwriter	London River is a 2009 British drama film, written and produced by Franco-Algerian film director Rachid Bouchareb.	London River	Rachid Bouchareb
screenwriter	All These Women (Swedish: För att inte tala om alla dessa kvinnor), originally released as Now About These Women in the UK, is a 1964 Swedish comedy film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	All These Women	Ingmar Bergman
screenwriter	A Flat for Three, originally known as Posti in piedi in paradiso, is a 2012 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Verdone.	A Flat for Three	Carlo Verdone
screenwriter	Innocence Unprotected is a compilation film by Yugoslavian director Dušan Makavejev.	Innocence Unprotected	Dušan Makavejev
screenwriter	Desmond's Trashed Apple Tree (Swedish: Desmonds trashade äppelträd) is a 2004 Swedish animated short film directed by Magnus Carlsson.	Desmond's Trashed Apple Tree	Magnus Carlsson
screenwriter	For Love and Honor (Turkish: Kabadayı) is a 2007 Turkish drama film, written by Yavuz Turgul and directed by Ömer Vargı, starring Şener Şen as a retired gangster who learns that he has a son in need of protection.	For Love and Honor	Yavuz Turgul
screenwriter	Blood Feast is a 1963 American splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis.	Blood Feast	Herschell Gordon Lewis
screenwriter	My New Partner is a 1984 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi, starring Philippe Noiret and Thierry Lhermitte.	My New Partner	Claude Zidi
screenwriter	The Opium Den (Italian:La fumeria d'oppio) is a 1947 Italian crime film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Emilio Ghione Jr., Mariella Lotti and Emilio Cigoli.	The Opium Den	Raffaello Matarazzo
sex or gender	Aguelmis Rojas de Armas also Aquelmis Rojas (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈɣelmis ˈroxas); born March 28, 1978) is a male long-distance runner from Cuba.	Aguelmis Rojas	male
sex or gender	María del Rosario Sánchez Guerrero (born October 26, 1973 in Ciudad de México, Distrito Federal) is a female track and field athlete from Mexico, who competed in race walking.	Rosario Sánchez	female
sex or gender	Lior Narkis (Hebrew: ליאור נרקיס‎; born November 8, 1976 in Holon, Israel) is a male Israeli singer.	Lior Narkis	male
sex or gender	Martin Monrad (born 1977) is a male table tennis player from Denmark.	Martin Monrad	male
sex or gender	István Batházi (born 16 December 1978 in Budapest) is a male medley swimmer from Hungary, who competed three times for his native country at the Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000.	István Batházi	male
sex or gender	Wanda Young (born August 9, 1943) is an American singer, famous for being a member and co-lead singer of the popular Motown all-female singing group the Marvelettes.	Wanda Young	female
sex or gender	Suzanne Miller (September 10, 1950 -- December 20, 2013), better known by her ring name Vivian St. John, was an American female professional wrestler.	Vivian St. John	female
sex or gender	Adrienne A. Jones (born November 20, 1954) is the current Speaker Pro Tem of the Maryland House of Delegates, the first African-American female to serve in that position in Maryland.	Adrienne A. Jones	female
sex or gender	Laura duPont (May 4, 1949 -- February 20, 2002) was a female American tennis player.	Laura duPont	female
sex or gender	Jeong Gyeong-mi (Hangul: 정경미; born July 26, 1985 in Gunsan, Jeollabuk-do, South Korea) is a South Korean female judoka.	Jeong Gyeong-mi	female
sex or gender	Anne Abernathy (born April 12, 1953) is a luge athlete from the United States Virgin Islands and is the oldest female athlete to compete in the Winter Olympics.	Anne Abernathy	female
sex or gender	Barbara Birungi (born 7 August 1986) is a female technologist and the founding manager of HiveColab in Kampala, Uganda.	Barbara Birungi	female
sex or gender	Yoshiko Inoue (born April 26, 1988, in Yamaguchi) is a female wrestler from Japan.	Yoshiko Inoue	female
sex or gender	Rosita Quinto Stecza (1925 -- November 28, 2006), known by her screen name Rosa Mia, was an award-winning actress and one of the few female directors in the Philippines.	Rosa Mia	female
sex or gender	Doctor Manhattan's body is humanoid and its composition is similar to that of a normal human, with a build similar to a tall muscular male in great physical shape.	Doctor Manhattan	male
sex or gender	Hiroaki Asano (born 6 October 1990) is a Japanese male volleyball player.	Hiroaki Asano	male
sex or gender	Karen Penglase (born 10 August 1982) is a Scottish female international football defender.	Karen Penglase	female
sex or gender	Cao Ngọc Hùng (10 March 1990) is a Vietnamese male paralympic javelin thrower.	Cao Ngọc Hùng	male
sex or gender	These films endeared Jaya Prada to the traditional conservative section of film goers and she amassed a huge female fan following as well.	Jaya Prada	female
sex or gender	Aleksey Akatyev (born 7 August 1974) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Russia, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Aleksey Akatyev	male
sex or gender	Deepak Bista (born July 2, 1976) is a male Nepalese taekwondo practitioner.	Deepak Bista	male
sex or gender	Jiang Huachen (born February 3, 1982 in Shandong) is a male Chinese Greco-Roman wrestler who competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Jiang Huachen	male
sex or gender	Massimo Quiriconi (born January 8, 1963 in Ponte Buggianese, Pistoia) is a retired male race walker from Italy.	Massimo Quiriconi	male
sex or gender	Kim So-yeong (born 9 July 1992) is a female South Korean badminton player.	Kim So-yeong	female
sex or gender	Celinda Pink (born 1957 in Birmingham, Alabama) is a female country music singer.	Celinda Pink	female
sex or gender	Lucyna Krawcewicz (born 14 March 1938) is a retired female javelin thrower and chess player from Poland.	Lucyna Krawcewicz	female
sex or gender	Lina Sarmiento (born 1959) is the first female third-level official of the Philippine National Police to receive and hold the rank of director, a rank equivalent to that of a major general in the Philippine military.	Lina Sarmiento	female
sex or gender	Lee Jeong-myung (Korean: 이정명, born September 8, 1967) is a retired female tennis player from South Korea, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Lee Jeong-myung	female
sex or gender	Katrin Krabbe (born 22 November 1969, in Neubrandenburg, Germany) is a female athlete who competed for the German Democratic Republic (before 1990) and Germany thereafter.	Katrin Krabbe	female
sex or gender	Eekwol (born Lindsay Knight) is a Muskoday First Nation, Saskatchewan, Canadian singer who is ``Canada's first solo female aboriginal hip hop artist.''	Eekwol	female
sex or gender	Sevgi Soysal, born Sevgi Yenen, (September 30, 1936 -- November 22, 1976) was a Turkish female writer.	Sevgi Soysal	female
sex or gender	Eighteen years old at the time, Erika Jo is both the youngest person to win the competition and the first female winner.	Erika Jo	female
sex or gender	``A female quintet which includes Margret RoadKnight and Jeannie Lewis provides an aural chorus drawing upon a history of music ranging from Hildegard Von Bingen to Cambodian folk songs''.	Jeannie Lewis	female
sex or gender	Seo Hyun-deok (born 9 May 1991) is a South Korean male table tennis player.	Seo Hyun-deok	male
sex or gender	Stefani Stoeva (Bulgarian: Стефани Стоева) is a female Bulgarian badminton player specializing in doubles.	Stefani Stoeva	female
sex or gender	Brian Kehoe (born January 23, 1982) is an American male fashion model and former reality television show participant on Oxygen's program The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency.	Brian Kehoe	male
sex or gender	Igor Samoilenco (born April 17, 1977 in Tiraspol, Moldavian SSR) is a retired male boxer from Moldova.	Igor Samoilenco	male
sex or gender	Zhu Yanmei (born 16 October 1986 in Shanxi) is a female Chinese athletics long-distance runner.	Zhu Yanmei	female
sex or gender	Fatma Özlem Tursun (born March 29, 1988) is a Turkish female football referee and former women's footballer.	Fatma Özlem Tursun	female
sex or gender	As Art critic Sarah Valdez described it, ``a bewigged Ann Magnuson consecutively inhabits, at a rate faster than any channel surfer could keep up with, an outlandish, uproariously unfortunate range of female stereotypes''.	Ann Magnuson	female
sex or gender	It made B.o.B the thirteenth solo male artist to have a debut album arrive at No. 1 in its first week.	B.o.B	male
sex or gender	Julia Hartwig (born August 14, 1921) is a Polish writer and translator, considered to be one of Poland's most important female poets.	Julia Hartwig	female
sex or gender	Barbara Graham and the Politics of Executing Women in America, takes the viewpoint that Graham was the female dupe of the male victimizers of the murdered Monahan.	Barbara Graham	female
sex or gender	Ilir Kerni (born 18 May 1959) is an Albanian male dancer.	Ilir Kerni	male
sex or gender	Xu Huaiwen (simplified Chinese: 徐怀雯; traditional Chinese: 徐懷雯; pinyin: Xú Huáiwén; born August 2, 1975 in Guiyang, Guizhou) is a female badminton player from Germany.	Xu Huaiwen	female
sex or gender	Jiang Lin (Chinese: 姜林; pinyin: Jiāng Lín; born 23 October 1981 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a male archer from the People's Republic of China.	Jiang Lin	male
sex or gender	Serhat Balcı (pronounced (ˈseɾhat ˈbaɫdʒɯ); born March 15, 1982 in Üsküdar, Istanbul) is a male sport wrestler from Turkey competing in the 96 kg division of freestyle wrestling.	Serhat Balcı	male
sex or gender	Qin Xuejing (simplified Chinese: 秦学静; traditional Chinese: 秦學靜; pinyin: Qín Xuéjìng; born August 14, 1972) is a female Chinese softball player.	Qin Xuejing	female
sex or gender	Valerdina Manhonga (born December 26, 1980) is a Mozambican female professional basketball player.	Valerdina Manhonga	female
sex or gender	Martha Tenorio Pancar (born August 6, 1966) is an Ecuadorian retired female long-distance runner.	Martha Tenorio	female
sex or gender	Zhao Nannan (simplified Chinese: 赵楠楠; traditional Chinese: 趙楠楠; pinyin: Zhào Nánnán; born March 18, 1990 in Changchun, Jilin) is a Chinese female short track speed skater.	Zhao Nannan	female
sex or gender	Shen Ye (traditional Chinese: 沈燁; simplified Chinese: 沈烨; born 11 March 1987) is a male Chinese badminton player.	Shen Ye	male
sex or gender	Sébastien Maillard (born May 2, 1981 in Migennes) is a male hurdler from France.	Sébastien Maillard	male
sex or gender	Gwenllwyfo was a female Christian recognised as a saint.	Gwenllwyfo	female
sex or gender	Jessica Susan Tow-Arnett (née Jones, born November 15, 1986) is an American female volleyball player.	Jessica Susan Tow-Arnett	female
sex or gender	Liu Shoubin (Chinese: 刘寿斌) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Liu Shoubin	male
sex or gender	Miosotis Heredia (born 1972-01-12) is a female weightlifter from the Dominican Republic.	Miosotis Heredia	female
sex or gender	Stefano Carozzo (born 17 January 1979 in Savona) is a male Italian fencer.	Stefano Carozzo	male
sex or gender	Allan Ayala Acevedo (born July 7, 1986 in Guatemala City) is a male track and field athlete from Guatemala, specialized in the 400m intermediate hurdles event.	Allan Ayala	male
sex or gender	Dixon is commemorated by the Margaret Dixon Award given annually to a senior female student majoring in mass communication at LSU.	Margaret Dixon	female
sex or gender	Yasemin Begüm Dalgalar (born June 8, 1988) is a Turkish female basketball player for Adana ASKİ in the Power forward position.	Yasemin Begüm Dalgalar	female
sex or gender	Dr. Laurie Leshin is the 16th President of Worcester Polytechnic Institute, and is the first female president in the Institution's 150-year history.	Laurie Leshin	female
sex or gender	Joël Jeannot is a male French Olympic wheelchair racer and handisport activist.	Joël Jeannot	male
sex or gender	Glaucus was reported to have had male lovers as well:	Glaucus	male
sex or gender	Johan Peter Broust Fahlstrøm (30 August 1867--28 July 1938) was one of Norway's leading male actor before World War I. Johan Fahlstrøm was born in Trondheim, Norway.	Johan Fahlstrøm	male
sex or gender	Belawan, female Bindong, male Dingnat, male Lana, male Lapidan, female Latam, youth Pandong, male Rumoh, youth Sambing, male Sindon, female Sumboh, Antakin's wife Tadauh, female Telukhan, male Tuangud, youth Umok, female	Antakin	male
sex or gender	Leonardo Rangel Moura Gonçalves (born 17 February 1992) is a Brazilian/Qatari male volleyball player.	Leonardo Rangel	male
sex or gender	Fatemeh Amini is a female religious leader of Iran, who has directed and opened a number of women's seminaries in Qom and Tehran.	Fatemeh Amini	female
sex or gender	Jin Jing (Chinese: 金晶; Pinyin: Jīn Jīng; born 1981 in Hefei, Anhui, China) is a Chinese female Paralympic fencer.	Jin Jing	female
sex or gender	Sze Hang Yu (Chinese: 施幸余; Jyutping: si1 hang6 jyu4) is a female Olympics swimmer from Hong Kong.	Sze Hang Yu	female
sex or gender	In January 2014, Tracy Grammer joined 21 other female singer-songwriters in a project headed by Cary Cooper called ``RealWomenRealSongs.''	Tracy Grammer	female
sex or gender	Marta Szczygielska (born 28 September 1981 in Słupsk) is a Polish born Belgian female former volleyball player, playing as a libero.	Marta Szczygielska	female
sex or gender	Mia Hagman (born August 18, 1979 in Helsinki, Finland) is a retired female breaststroke swimmer from Finland.	Mia Hagman	female
sex or gender	The Horned God represents the male part of the religion's duotheistic theological system, the other part being the female Triple Goddess or other Mother Goddess.	Horned God	male
sex or gender	The name of the Swedish microsatellite Astrid 1, launched on 24 January 1995, was originally selected only as a common Swedish female name, but within a short time it was decided to name the instruments after characters in Astrid Lindgren's books:	Astrid Lindgren	female
sex or gender	Moriah van Norman (born May 30, 1984) is an American water polo player for the University of Southern California, who won the Peter J. Cutino Award in 2004, recognized as the best female collegiate player in the nation.	Moriah van Norman	female
sex or gender	Tesana Panvisvas (เทศนา พันธ์วิศวาส; born 14 March 1978) is a male badminton player from Thailand.	Tesana Panvisvas	male
sex or gender	Svetoslav Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Светослав Стоянов) (born 10 July 1976) is a male badminton player originally from Bulgaria, but later competed for France.	Svetoslav Stoyanov	male
sex or gender	Zhao Rong (simplified Chinese: 赵容; traditional Chinese: 趙容; pinyin: Zhào Róng; born 2 August 1991) is a female Chinese football player who is a forward.	Zhao Rong	female
sex or gender	Mandy Leach (born 20 August 1979) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Zimbabwe.	Mandy Leach	female
sex or gender	Park Sam-ryong (Hangul: 박삼룡; born 7 June 1968) is a former South Korean male volleyball player.	Park Sam-ryong	male
sex or gender	Yang Zhou (simplified Chinese: 杨舟; traditional Chinese: 楊舟; pinyin: Yáng Zhōu; born 21 April 1992, in Zhejiang) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Yang Zhou	female
sex or gender	Yu Dawei (born 1984-06-21 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a male Chinese volleyball player.	Yu Dawei	male
sex or gender	Raúl Mesa (born April 16, 1982 in Zaragoza) is a male beach volleyball player from Spain, who won the gold medal at the 2005 European Championships in Moscow, Russia, partnering Pablo Herrera.	Raúl Mesa	male
sex or gender	It was presumably that no male descendant of Huo Qubing nor Huo Guang survived, as during the reign of Emperor Ping of Han, it was Huo Yang, a great-grandson of Huo Qubing's paternal cousin, chosen to inherit Huo Guang as Marquess of Bolu.	Huo Qubing	male
sex or gender	Liset Castillo Iglesias (born January 21, 1973 in Pinar del Río) is a retired female basketball player from Cuba.	Liset Castillo	female
sex or gender	Zhong Qianxin (Chinese: 钟倩欣; born May 8, 1990 in Guangzhou) is a Chinese female badminton player who won the Girls Doubles event at the 2007 BWF World Junior Championships at Waitakere City, New Zealand with Xie Jing.	Zhong Qianxin	female
sex or gender	Tang Bin (simplified Chinese: 唐宾; traditional Chinese: 唐賓; pinyin: Táng Bīn, born April 25, 1986 in Fengcheng, Dandong, Liaoning) is a female Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Tang Bin	female
sex or gender	Esther Figueiredo Ferraz (February 6, 1916 -- September 23, 2008) was the first female Minister to serve in the government of Brazil.	Esther Figueiredo Ferraz	female
sex or gender	Elsie Goldsack Pittman (21 January 1904 -- 28 March 1975) was an English female tennis player who competed during the second half of the 1920s and the 1930s.	Elsie Goldsack Pittman	female
sex or gender	Juan Mónaco (born 29 March 1984), nicknamed ``Pico'', is a male tennis player from Argentina.	Juan Mónaco	male
sex or gender	Lillian May Armfield ISM (3rd December, 1884 -- 26th August, 1971) was an Australian nurse and pioneering Sydney female police detective, one of the first women to serve in that role.	Lillian May Armfield	female
sex or gender	Burcu Sallakoğlu (born August 13, 1987) is a Turkish female taekwondo practitioner competing in the heavyweight (72 kg) class.	Burcu Sallakoğlu	female
sex or gender	Ashleigh Hewson (b. December 18, 1979) is a female rugby union player that plays for Australia.	Ashleigh Hewson	female
sex or gender	Julie Bradbury (born 12 February 1967) is a former English female badminton player.	Julie Bradbury	female
sex or gender	María José Orellana Aragon (born April 8, 1981) is a female beach volleyball player from Guatemala, who played in the 2003 and 2007 Pan American Games playing with Sylvana Gómez and Anna Ramírez, finishing 5th and 9th.	María José Orellana	female
sex or gender	Irma Goldberg (born 1871) was one of the first female organic chemists to have and sustain a successful career, her work even being quoted in her own name in standard textbooks.	Irma Goldberg	female
sex or gender	Carolin Babcock Stark (May 26, 1912 -- March 25, 1987) was a female tennis player from the United States.	Carolin Babcock	female
sex or gender	She has been described by Canadian news as ``the controversial female Islamic scholar Farhat Hashmi'', whose ``ultra-conservative teachings in lectures and online have faced criticism for promoting an extreme wifely subservience to a husband.''	Farhat Hashmi	female
sex or gender	Maggie Cogan is a resident of New York City who became a minor celebrity in the early 1960s when she was the first female horse and carriage driver in Central Park, working for the Plaza Hotel.	Maggie Cogan	female
sex or gender	José Echenique (born November 28, 1965 in Caracas) is a retired male basketball player from Venezuela, who played as a power forward during his career.	José Echenique	male
sex or gender	He Jianping (simplified Chinese: 何剑平; traditional Chinese: 何劍平; pinyin: Hé Jiànpíng; born May 5, 1963) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	He Jianping	female
sex or gender	Beth Coleman (also known as M. Singe, DJ M. Singe, and DJ Singe) is an American female electronic music composer and academic in the field of new media studies.	Beth Coleman	female
sex or gender	Andrea Alföldi (born September 22, 1964 in Komló, Baranya) is a retired female race walker from Hungary, who competed for her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Andrea Alföldi	female
sex or gender	Xie Jianhua (simplified Chinese: 谢建华; traditional Chinese: 謝建華; pinyin: Xiè Jiànhuá; born June 24, 1976 in Beijing) is a male Chinese judoka who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Xie Jianhua	male
sex or gender	Paul Blagg (born 23 January 1960 in Guildford, Surrey) is a retired male race walker from England, who twice competed for Great Britain at the Summer Olympics (1988 and 1992).	Paul Blagg	male
sex or gender	Zdenka Predná (31 March 1984) is a Slovak female singer.	Zdenka Predná	female
sex or gender	Dinko Jukić (born January 9, 1989 in Dubrovnik) is a retired male medley and butterfly swimmer from Austria of Croatian origin.	Dinko Jukić	male
sex or gender	Ann Cole continued to record for Baton, with little success, until 1958, and is also believed to be the uncredited female singer on Fats Domino's record ``When I See You''.	Ann Cole	female
sex or gender	Paula Abdul has referred to Demers as ``the greatest male vocalist in the world'' and hosted An evening with Jimmy Demers in Los Angeles.	Jimmy Demers	male
sex or gender	Sapsiree Taerattanachai (Thai: ทรัพย์สิรี แต้รัตนชัย; rtgs: Sapsiri Tae-rattanachai) is a female Thai badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series and 2014 Asian Games.	Sapsiree Taerattanachai	female
sex or gender	Andrea Fitting, Ph.D., is the first female director of Parkvale Bank, the sixth-largest bank headquartered in the Pittsburgh region and the 26th-largest public company in Pennsylvania.	Andrea Fitting	female
sex or gender	Tochukwu Oluehi (born 2 May 1987) is a Nigerian female goalkeeper with Bayelsa Queens and the Nigeria women's national football team.	Tochukwu Oluehi	female
sex or gender	Izak van der Merwe (born 26 January 1984) is a male South African tennis player.	Izak van der Merwe	male
sex or gender	Various media organizations in India reported the RTI in different ways, including emphasizing Jashodaben's fear, the financial implications of her complaint, the guards' demands to be treated as guests, or the case as an example of female independence.	Jashodaben	female
sex or gender	Damla Deniz Duz (born 22 August 1995) is a Turkish female water polo player, playing at the wing position.	Damla Deniz Duz	female
sex or gender	Cosiri Rodríguez Andino de Dionicio (born August 30, 1977, in San Cristóbal) is a female volleyball player from the Dominican Republic, who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, wearing the number #15 jersey.	Cosiri Rodríguez	female
sex or gender	Mette Grøtteland (born 1969) became the first female fighter pilot in the Royal Norwegian Air Force after qualifying to fly jet fighter aircraft in 1992.	Mette Grøtteland	female
sex or gender	According to Patrick Lucien Price, author of the ``Bertrem's essay on numerology'' section published in Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home (1987), Goldmoon was designed to be a kind and understanding female barbarian, who loved to travel, advise, and take care of others.	Goldmoon	female
sex or gender	Chris Kermode (born 13 January 1965) is a retired English male tennis player, a former tournament director and the current executive chairman & president of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP).	Chris Kermode	male
sex or gender	Anand Pawar (आनंद पवार) (born 18 July 1986) is a male Indian badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series.	Anand Pawar	male
sex or gender	Jackie Landry Jackson (May 22, 1941 -- December 23, 1997) was a member of The Chantels, the first nationally-successful black female pop music group.	Jackie Landry Jackson	female
sex or gender	Gregor Högler (born June 27, 1972) is a male javelin thrower from Austria.	Gregor Högler	male
sex or gender	Dr. Romesh Buragohain wrote about the reason for the first interregnum as Sukhrangpha died with leaving a male heir to succeed him, the nobles took advantage of it and instead of inviting Sutuphaa to the throne, they went for an interregnum.	Sukhrangpha	male
sex or gender	His family was originally from Ru'nan (汝南, in modern Zhumadian, Henan), and claimed ancestry from the royal family of Zhou Dynasty, although the traceable part of Zhou Chi's male-line ancestry only went back to the Liang Dynasty official Zhou Lingchao (周靈超).	Zhou Chi	male
sex or gender	Patrick Matt (born 4 April 1969) is a retired male track cyclist from Liechtenstein, who competed for his native country in two events at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Patrick Matt	male
sex or gender	Louie Dingwall (née Louisa Foott) (1893--1982) was one of the first English female racehorse trainers.	Louie Dingwall	female
sex or gender	Hu Binyuan (simplified Chinese: 胡斌渊; traditional Chinese: 胡斌淵; pinyin: Hú Bīnyuān; born November 7, 1977 in Shanghai) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Hu Binyuan	male
sex or gender	Nimet Karakuş, (born January 23, 1993 in Korkuteli, Antalya Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female sprinter competing in the 100 m and 200 m events.	Nimet Karakuş	female
sex or gender	Melinda Czink (born 22 October 1982) is a Hungarian professional female tennis player.	Melinda Czink	female
sex or gender	Saralyn Smith (born March 23, 1978 in Key West, Florida) is a female beach volleyball player from the United States who won the silver medal at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Guatemala playing with Beth Van Fleet.	Saralyn Smith	female
sex or gender	Hristo Dimitrov is a Bulgarian male acrobatic gymnast.	Hristo Dimitrov	male
sex or gender	As his father-in-law had no male descent, Antoine Pugliesi became Antoine Pugliesi-Conti by adding Conti to his name by décret impérial (imperial decree) of 25 January 1867.	Antoine Pugliesi-Conti	male
sex or gender	Talida Tolnai (born 21 August 1979 in Zalău) is a Romanian female handballer.	Talida Tolnai	female
sex or gender	Stefani Hidajat (born August 12, 1985 in Surabaya, East Java) is a female Indonesian writer.	Stefani Hid	female
sex or gender	Adlene Harrison (born November 19, 1923) was acting mayor of Dallas in 1976, its first Jewish mayor, and its first female mayor.	Adlene Harrison	female
sex or gender	Huen Su Yin (born 12 September 1985 in Ipoh, Malaysia) is a female blogger.	Huen Su Yin	female
sex or gender	Loan His (born 10 April 1999) is a French female artistic gymnast and part of the national team.	Loan His	female
sex or gender	Katy McLean MBE (born 19 December 1985) is an English female rugby player, who is currently (2014) captain of England Women and captained them to victory against Canada in the 2014 France Rugby World Cup.	Katy McLean	female
sex or gender	Bazar Bazarguruev (born January 9, 1985 in Chelutay, Agin-Buryat Okrug, Zabaykalsky Krai, Russian SFSR) is a male freestyle wrestler of Buryat descent from Kyrgyzstan.	Bazar Bazarguruev	male
sex or gender	Chunli Li (born February 28, 1962 in Guiping, Guigang, Guangxi) was a Chinese-born New Zealand female professional table tennis player.	Chunli Li	female
sex or gender	Javier Gaspar (born 15 September 1966) is a former American male volleyball player and coach.	Javier Gaspar	male
sex or gender	Megan Franich is a New Zealand actress most known for playing the vampire alpha female Iris in 30 Days of Night.	Megan Franich	female
sex or gender	Sandra Kochmann is the first female rabbi to serve in Brazil, although she was born in Paraguay.	Sandra Kochmann	female
sex or gender	Babita Kumari (born November 20, 1989) is an Indian female wrestler, who won a silver medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.	Babita Kumari	female
sex or gender	Debbie McLeod (born 20 October 1972 in Dundee) is a female field hockey goalkeeper from Scotland.	Debbie McLeod	female
sex or gender	Oliver Cheshire (born 3 June 1988) is an English male fashion model.	Oliver Cheshire	male
sex or gender	Kristin Klein Keefe (born March 20, 1970 in Santa Monica, California) is a retired female volleyball player from the United States, who played as an outside hitter.	Kristin Klein	female
sex or gender	As a male member of the royal Dowuona House, one of the two Osu royal houses (the other being the Owuo House), Nii Okwei Kinka Dowuona VI was in line to be enstooled king during the protracted chieftaincy dispute that had wracked the Osu state for decades.	Nii Okwei Kinka Dowuona VI	male
sex or gender	Tudor Sanon (born January 14, 1984) is a male Haitian taekwondo athlete.	Tudor Sanon	male
sex or gender	Suzanne Mulvey (née Malone; born 4 October 1984) is a Scottish female international football forward who plays for English FA WSL club Sunderland and has represented Scotland at senior international level.	Suzanne Mulvey	female
sex or gender	Tan Zongliang (simplified Chinese: 谭宗亮; traditional Chinese: 譚宗亮; pinyin: Tán Zōngliàng; born November 29, 1971) is a male Chinese sports shooter who competed at five consecutive Olympics from 1996 to 2012.	Tan Zongliang	male
sex or gender	Kalpana Saroj is a female Indian entrepreneur born in Roperkheda village in Maharashtra, India.	Kalpana Saroj	female
sex or gender	Porntip Buranaprasertsuk (Thai: พรทิพย์ บูรณะประเสริฐสุข; born 24 October 1991) is a female badminton player from Thailand.	Porntip Buranaprasertsuk	female
sex or gender	Javeria Khan Wadood (Urdu: جاویریہ خان‎) (born 14 May 1988) is a female Pakistani cricketer from Karachi, Sindh.	Javeria Khan	female
sex or gender	June Holst-Roness was the first female mayor of Freetown, and because of her hard work in office, the city was twinned with Hull, England.	June Holst-Roness	female
sex or gender	Brandon Jung (born April 28, 1986, in Surrey, British Columbia) is a male water polo player from Canada.	Brandon Jung	male
sex or gender	In Romania itself, where she was among the few female comics artists, Lívia Rusz has come to be described as a leading contributor to the genres she covered in her work.	Lívia Rusz	female
sex or gender	Farhad Mosaffa (Persian: فرهاد مصفی, born: September 25, 1988) is an Iranian model he is the first Iranian Contestant crowned as Mr Iran, he competed in Manhunt International 2012, the world's first and oldest male modeling competition.	Farhad Mosaffa	male
sex or gender	Emmanuel Dungia is the son of François Zoambe Kuku Dungia, a male nurse and Wivine Yumbe Mbisala, a housewife who had given birth to him in Bondaki, an area around Gemena in the region of Sud-Ubangi District in the province of the Équateur in the Democratic Republic of Congo.	Emmanuel Dungia	male
sex or gender	revised Bio Carol Ann Severance, 2/15/1944- 2/19/2015 Carol Severance was a Hawaii-based Science Fiction and Fantasy writer known for her strong female characters.	Carol Severance	female
sex or gender	Şükran Albayrak (born 12 May 1982 in Kartal, İstanbul) is a Turkish TV presenter and sport hostess and retired professional female basketball player.	Şükran Albayrak	female
sex or gender	Jacki Zehner (born October 8, 1964) was the first female trader to be invited into the partnership of Goldman Sachs, in 1996.	Jacki Zehner	female
sex or gender	Marietta Žigalová (born 23 November 1968 in Ružomberok) is a former professional Slovak female fitness competitor.	Marietta Žigalová	female
sex or gender	Lee Sang-joon (Hangul: 이상준) (born November 13, 1992) is a male South Korean badminton player who competed at 2012 Japan Super Series.	Lee Sang-joon	male
sex or gender	Robyn Lambourne (née Friday) was a successful female squash player who ended her career shortly after 1992.	Robyn Lambourne	female
sex or gender	Dorothy Pilley Richards (16 September 1894 in Camberwell, London -- 24 September 1986 in Cambridge) was a prominent female mountaineer.	Dorothy Pilley Richards	female
sex or gender	Peter Yarrow graduated second in his class among male students with a physics prize from New York's High School of Music and Art, where he had studied painting.	Peter Yarrow	male
sex or gender	Hsiao Huang-Chi emerged in the Tai-pop scene after winning the Best Tai-pop male artist 2008 award in the Golden Melody Awards.	Hsiao Huang-Chi	male
sex or gender	Deanna Rix (born 1987) is an American female wrestler originally from South Berwick, Maine, and noted in the media for her success wrestling against girls and boys in State and National competitions.	Deanna Rix	female
sex or gender	Tuğba Koyuncu (née Karakaya; born February 16, 1991 in Kayseri, Turkey) is a Turkish female middle distance runner.	Tuğba Koyuncu	female
sex or gender	Umihana Čuvidina (c. 1794 -- c. 1870) was an Ottoman Bosniak poet and the earliest Bosnian female author whose work survives to this day.	Umihana Čuvidina	female
sex or gender	Liu Xuqing (Chinese: 柳絮青; pinyin: Liǔ Xùqīng; born August 15, 1968) is a female Chinese softball player.	Liu Xuqing	female
sex or gender	Rosa Fuentes (born November 30, 1965) is a former female freestyle swimmer from Mexico.	Rosa Fuentes	female
sex or gender	Ning Zhenyun (simplified Chinese: 宁珍云; traditional Chinese: 寧珍雲; pinyin: Zhù Zhēnyún; born June 2, 1982 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Ning Zhenyun	female
sex or gender	Zheng Yuli (Chinese: 郑昱鲤) is a retired female badminton player from China.	Zheng Yuli	female
sex or gender	Gu Jiaming (Chinese: 辜家明) is a retired female badminton player from China.	Gu Jiaming	female
sex or gender	Karylle bagged the female lead role as Maria, alternating with Joanna Ampil for the Stages production of West Side Story.	Karylle	female
sex or gender	Along with Frances Miriam Whitcher and Ann S. Stephens, Marietta Holley is remembered as one of America's most significant early female humorists.	Marietta Holley	female
sex or gender	Ana Antonijević (Serbian Cyrillic: Ана Антонијевић; born August 26, 1987 in Užice, SFR Yugoslavia) is a female professional volleyball player from Serbia.	Ana Antonijević	female
sex or gender	Gloria Kemasuode Ubiebor (born 30 December 1979 in Delta State) is a female track and field sprint athlete, who competes internationally for Nigeria.	Gloria Kemasuode	female
sex or gender	Afërdita Tusha (born 3 October 1945) is an Albanian female sports shooter who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games against the men in the 50 metre free pistol, she finished 51st.	Afërdita Tusha	female
sex or gender	According to the older account of her story, sketched by Tolkien in The Road Goes Ever On and used in The Silmarillion, Galadriel was an eager participant and leader in the rebellion of the Noldor and their flight from Valinor; in fact, she was the ``only female to stand tall in those days''.	Galadriel	female
sex or gender	Patricia Pérez Peña (born 17 December 1978 in Guadalajara, Jalisco) is a female footballer from Mexico.	Patricia Pérez	female
sex or gender	Kate McMeeken-Ruscoe (born 19 December 1979 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is a female basketball player for New Zealand.	Kate McMeeken-Ruscoe	female
sex or gender	Gülümser Öney, originally Yılmaz (born 1956) is a Bulgarian born Turkish female chess player.	Gülümser Öney	female
sex or gender	Zoja Rudnova (19 August 1946 - 12 March 2014) is a former female table tennis player from Soviet Union.	Zoja Rudnova	female
sex or gender	Ümran Ertiş (born 13 April 1996 in Ankara, Turkey) is a Turkish female para table tennis player of class 10 and Paralympian.	Ümran Ertiş	female
sex or gender	He also recorded a string of successful albums and singles, featuring a male chorale and his own distinctive arrangements, under the name ``Mitch Miller and the Gang'' starting in 1950.	Mitch Miller	male
sex or gender	Jirgalang was one of ten ``Princes of the First Rank'' (和碩親王) whose descendants were made ``Iron-cap Princes'' (鐵帽子王), who had the right to transmit their princely titles to their direct male descendants perpetually.	Jirgalang	male
sport	Gavin Kerr is a retired rugby union footballer who played prop, he played international rugby for Scotland.	Gavin Kerr	rugby union
sport	Bayer Giants Leverkusen is a professional basketball club, part of the Bayer Leverkusen sports club based in Leverkusen, Germany.	Bayer Giants Leverkusen	basketball
sport	The South American Basketball Championship 1930, the first South American Basketball Championship, was the first major international basketball tournament and the earliest competition recognized by the International Basketball Federation, which would be founded two years later.	South American Basketball Championship	basketball
sport	Juan Vinuesa (? -- ?) was an Argentine chess master.	Juan Vinuesa	chess
sport	Zhou Zhongge (Chinese: 周忠革; born 15 February 1967) is a Chinese track and field coach and former high jumper.	Zhou Zhongge	track and field
spouse	David Hellenius has been married to television presenter Renée Nyberg since 2009, and the couple has one son together who was born in 2006.	David Hellenius	Renée Nyberg
spouse	Stateira II (Greek: Στάτειρα; died 323 BC), possibly also known as Barsine, was the daughter of Stateira I and Darius III of Persia.	Stateira II	Darius III
spouse	Daughter of Count Jakub Komorowski and his wife, Antonina Pawłowska, Gertruda Komorowska married Count Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki on December 26, 1770.	Gertruda Komorowska	Stanisław Szczęsny Potocki
spouse	In the early years of the Third Age, Elrond married Celebrían, daughter of Celeborn and Galadriel.	Elrond	Celebrían
spouse	Li Yuqin (15 July 1928 -- 24 April 2001), sometimes referred to as the ``Last Imperial Concubine'' (末代皇娘), was the fourth wife of China's last emperor Puyi.	Li Yuqin	Puyi
spouse	In or shortly after 642 Eanflæd became the second wife of King Oswiu of Northumbria.	Eanflæd	Oswiu of Northumbria
spouse	Jehoiada became the brother-in-law of King Ahaziah as a result of his marriage with princess Jehosheba.	Jehoiada	Jehosheba
spouse	In 1916 Pearson and her husband, movie actor Sheldon Lewis, severed their ties with the Virginia Pearson Producing Company.	Virginia Pearson	Sheldon Lewis
spouse	Lina Heydrich (born Lina Mathilde von Osten; June 14, 1911 -- August 14, 1985) was the wife of assassinated SS-Obergruppenführer Reinhard Heydrich, a central figure in Nazi Germany.	Lina Heydrich	Reinhard Heydrich
spouse	Leigh Eddings (30 September 1937 -- 28 February 2007; née Judith Leigh Schall), was the wife of David Eddings and co-author of many of his later works and uncredited co-author of his early works, and married him 27 October 1962.	Leigh Eddings	David Eddings
spouse	Katherine Coker adapted the book for Jackie Cooper, who produced and directed the television movie, Rosie: the Rosemary Clooney Story (1982) starring Sondra Locke (who lip syncs Clooney's songs), Penelope Milford as Betty and Tony Orlando, who played José Ferrer.	Rosemary Clooney	José Ferrer
spouse	During the apostasy movement which emerged following the death of Muhammad, Sajah bint al-Harith ibn Suaeed declared she was a prophetess after learning that Musaylimah and Tulayha had declared prophethood.	Musaylimah	Sajah
spouse	Aline Murray Kilmer (August 1, 1888 -- October 1, 1941), was an American poet, children's book author, and essayist, and the wife and widow of poet and journalist Joyce Kilmer (1886-1918).	Aline Murray Kilmer	Joyce Kilmer
spouse	Li Congke also had Empress Kong and Li Conghou's four sons put to death.	Li Conghou	Empress Kong
spouse	Gallienus married Cornelia Salonina about ten years before his accession to the throne.	Gallienus	Cornelia Salonina
spouse	Lois Neilson (September 7, 1895 -- July 9, 1990) was an American silent movie actress who became actor and comedian Stan Laurel's first wife.	Lois Neilson	Stan Laurel
spouse	Between 1990-1996, she published in Literatura şi Arta, Mesagerul, Femeia Moldovei, Glasul Naţiunii, Ţara, Astra, Luminătorul, Pro Vatra, Generația etc. Iuliana Gorea-Costin was married to Nicolae Costin (a former mayor of Chişinău) and they had a son.	Iuliana Gorea-Costin	Nicolae Costin
spouse	Lakshamilavan also spells Lakshami Lavan (Thai: ลักษมีลาวัณ; rtgs: Laksamilawan; 3 July 1899 -- 29 August 1961), née Princess Vanbimol Voravan (Thai: วรรณพิมล วรวรรณ; rtgs: Wanphimon Worawan) was the royal consort of King Vajiravudh (Rama VI) of Siam.	Lakshamilavan	Vajiravudh
spouse	Guru Angad married Mata Khivi in January 1520 and had two sons (Dasu and Datu) and two daughters (Amro and Anokhi).	Guru Angad	Mata Khivi
spouse	Adelaide of Rheinfelden (or Adelaide of Swabia) (German: Adelheid) (1060s -- May 1090), was the daughter of Rudolf of Rheinfelden; and wife of King Ladislaus I of Hungary.	Adelaide of Rheinfelden	Ladislaus I of Hungary
spouse	In 358, Murong Chui would lose his wife Princess Duan to political intrigue.	Murong Chui	Princess Duan
spouse	In 2008 she married fellow actor Vojin Ćetković in Belgrade and took his surname, thus she is commonly dubbed Sloboda Mićalović--	Sloboda Mićalović	Vojin Ćetković
spouse	Esme Valerie Eliot (née Fletcher; 17 August 1926 -- 9 November 2012) was the second wife and later widow of the Nobel prize-winning poet, T. S. Eliot.	Valerie Eliot	T. S. Eliot
spouse	Christine Charlotte of Württemberg (21 October 1645, Stuttgart -- 16 May 1699, Bruchhausen) was a princess of Württemberg by birth and a princess consort of East Frisia, married in 1662 to George Christian, Prince of East Frisia.	Christine Charlotte of Württemberg	George Christian, Prince of East Frisia
spouse	Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg (née Duchess Eilika Helene Jutta Clementine of Oldenburg) (born 22 August 1972) is the wife of Georg von Habsburg, the third in the line of succession to the titular Austro-Hungarian throne.	Duchess Eilika of Oldenburg	Georg von Habsburg
spouse	Mary Ann Sainsbury (née Staples) was the wife of John James Sainsbury, the founder of the Sainsbury's supermarket chain.	Mary Ann Sainsbury	John James Sainsbury
spouse	Emily Jordan Folger, born Emily Clara Jordan (May 15, 1858--February 21, 1936), was the wife of Henry Clay Folger and the co-founder of the Folger Shakespeare Library.	Emily Jordan Folger	Henry Clay Folger
spouse	Martin Kemp has been married to Shirlie Holliman since 1988.	Martin Kemp	Shirlie Holliman
spouse	Jack Melick was married to Nancy Dow from 1956 through 1961.	Jack Melick	Nancy Dow
spouse	During the reign of Khufu, Hetepheres II married her brother, the Crown Prince Kawab, with whom she had at least one child, a daughter named Meresankh III. After the death of her first husband, she married another of her brothers, Djedefra who later succeeded Khufu as king of Egypt.	Hetepheres II	Kawab
spouse	Mutemwiya (also written as Mutemwia, Mutemuya or Mutemweya) was a minor wife of Thutmose IV, a pharaoh of Egypt, in the Eighteenth Dynasty and the mother of Pharaoh Amenhotep III. Mutemwiya's name means ``Mut in the divine bark''.	Mutemwiya	Thutmose IV
spouse	Morton Downey was the father of television personality Morton Downey, Jr., by his first wife, actress Barbara Bennett (1906--1958), the sister of actresses Constance and Joan Bennett, and with whom he ultimately had five children, four sons and a daughter:	Morton Downey	Barbara Bennett
spouse	Florence Ashton Marshall (Mrs. Julian Marshall) née Thomas (b. 30 March 1843 - d. 1922) was an English writer, composer and conductor.	Florence Ashton Marshall	Julian Marshall
spouse	Khadijah Farrakhan, or Mother Khadijah, birth name Betsy Ross, is the wife of Louis Farrakhan, the Supreme Leader of the Nation of Islam.	Khadijah Farrakhan	Louis Farrakhan
spouse	Rick Salomon (born January 24, 1968) is an American poker player and celebutant mostly known for his relationships with various female celebrities, including E.G. Daily, Shannen Doherty, Paris Hilton, and Pamela Anderson.	Rick Salomon	Shannen Doherty	Pamela Anderson
spouse	Emmi Bonhoeffer (née Emilie Delbrück) was the wife of anti-Hitler activist Klaus Bonhoeffer.	Emmi Bonhoeffer	Klaus Bonhoeffer
spouse	Claire Delbos (2 November 1906 -- 22 April 1959) was a French violinist and composer, and first wife of the composer Olivier Messiaen.	Claire Delbos	Olivier Messiaen
spouse	I. V. Sasi is married to Malayalam actress Seema on 28 August 1980.	I. V. Sasi	Seema
spouse	Peggy Nadramia (born Margaret Nadramia) is an American magazine editor and administrator in the Church of Satan, of which she is the current High Priestess, and in which she is known as Magistra Nadramia, as well as the wife of current church head Peter H. Gilmore.	Peggy Nadramia	Peter H. Gilmore
spouse	Myrto (/ˈmɜrtoʊ/; Greek: Μυρτώ; fl. 5th century BC) was, according to some accounts, a wife of Socrates.	Myrto	Socrates
spouse	Debra Ghigna (born May 6, 1955) is a children's author and poet whose writings appear in numerous children's magazines as well as in books written with her husband, poet Charles Ghigna.	Debra Ghigna	Charles Ghigna
spouse	Eleanor Rosalynn Carter (née Smith; August 18, 1927) is the wife of the 39th President of the United States, Jimmy Carter and in that capacity served as the First Lady of the United States from 1977 to 1981.	Rosalynn Carter	Jimmy Carter
spouse	Luisa Durán de la Fuente (born February 27, 1941) is the wife of the former President of Chile Ricardo Lagos.	Luisa Durán	Ricardo Lagos
spouse	Priam later divorced her in favor of Hecuba (or Hecebe), daughter of the Phrygian king Dymas.	Priam	Hecuba
spouse	Raihaanun married to Teddy Soeriaatmadja, director of the film Badai Pasti Berlalu (2007 film) on March 17, 2007.	Raihaanun	Teddy Soeriaatmadja
spouse	Noémie Halphen and Maurice de Rothschild had one child, a son Edmond.	Maurice de Rothschild	Noémie Halphen
spouse	Almina Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon (15 August 1876 -- 8 May 1969), was an English lady, wife of George Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon, and châtelaine of Highclere Castle in Hampshire.	Almina Herbert, Countess of Carnarvon	George Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon
spouse	Lucy Smith was the wife of Carsten Smith, the former Chief Justice of Norway's Supreme Court.	Lucy Smith	Carsten Smith
spouse	Clare Rewcastle Brown is married to Andrew Brown, the younger brother of former British Prime Minister Gordon.	Clare Rewcastle Brown	Andrew Brown
spouse	Ted Nelson (by Celeste Holm) -- inspiration for the World Wide Web HTML format and HTTP protocol, father of Project Xanadu Ralph Nelson (by Beatrice Bahnsen) -- photographer - www.ralphnelson.com Peter Nelson (by Barbara Powers) Meredith Nelson ( by Barbara Powers) --	Ralph Nelson	Celeste Holm
spouse	Princess Christina Ingesdotter of Sweden (Swedish: Kristina Ingesdotter) (11th century -- 18 January 1122) was a Swedish princess and a princess consort of Veliky Novgorod, Rostov and Belgorod, by marriage to Grand Prince Mstislav I of Kiev.	Christina Ingesdotter of Sweden	Mstislav I of Kiev
spouse	Ermesinda (c. 720 or c. 730 -- ?) alternatively Ormisenda, Ermisenda, Ermesinde, Ermessenda) was queen consort of the Kingdom of Asturias, wife of King Alfonso I of Asturias (``Alfonso the Catholic'').	Ermesinda	Alfonso I of Asturias
spouse	She has been part of the very successful musical duo Al Bano and Romina Power, together with her then-husband Albano Carrisi.	Romina Power	Albano Carrisi
spouse	Khaleda Zia was the First Lady of Bangladesh during the presidency of her husband Ziaur Rahman.	Khaleda Zia	Ziaur Rahman
spouse	Olgivanna Lloyd Wright (1898--1985) was the third and final wife of Frank Lloyd Wright and had significant influence in his life and work, due in part to her extensive Theosophical associations.	Olgivanna Lloyd Wright	Frank Lloyd Wright
spouse	In 1945 Mirtha Legrand met the French-born filmmaker Daniel Tinayre.	Mirtha Legrand	Daniel Tinayre
spouse	Madam Lucy Gulama (born 26 September 1921, date of death unknown) was the wife of Sierra Leonean Paramount Chief Julius Gulama.	Lucy Gulama	Julius Gulama
spouse	Adelaide of Leuven (died c. 1158) was the wife of Simon I, Duke of Lorraine (1076--1138), in what is now France.	Adelaide of Leuven	Simon I, Duke of Lorraine
spouse	April Margera is the mother of Bam and CKY drummer Jess, and is married to Phil Margera.	April Margera	Phil Margera
spouse	He was raised in the Celtic Christian tradition of much of the Irish world, rather than the Roman tradition practiced by the southern Anglo-Saxon kingdoms as well as some members of the Deiran nobility, including Oswiu's queen Eanflæd.	Oswiu	Eanflæd
taxon rank	Heterotaxalus schwarzeri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Heterotaxalus.	Heterotaxalus schwarzeri	species
taxon rank	Fragum unedo is a species of cockle, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae, commonly known as the Pacific strawberry cockle.	Fragum unedo	species
taxon rank	Tuberculobasis guarani is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae first identified in São Paulo, Brazil.	Tuberculobasis guarani	species
taxon rank	Indirana brachytarsus is a species of frog found in the Western Ghats (including the Anaimalai Hills) of India.	Indirana brachytarsus	species
taxon rank	Oberea auricollis is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Aurivillius in 1922.	Oberea auricollis	species
taxon rank	Ciconia is a genus of birds in the stork family.	Ciconia	genus
taxon rank	Cellana craticulata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nacellidae, one of the families of true limpets	Cellana craticula	species
taxon rank	Heteroscodra is a genus of tarantulas which are native to West Africa and Central Africa.	Heteroscodra	genus
taxon rank	Trigona fuscipennis is a stingless bee species that originates in Mexico but is also found in Central and South America.	Trigona fuscipennis	species
taxon rank	Euhelopus is a genus of titanosauriform sauropod dinosaur that lived between 129 and 113 million years ago during the Early Cretaceous in what is now Shandong Province in China.	Euhelopus	genus
taxon rank	Camponotus americanus is a species of carpenter ant.	Camponotus americanus	species
taxon rank	Tricleidus is an extinct genus of cryptoclidid plesiosaur known from only specimen (BMNH R3539) from the middle Jurassic of United Kingdom.	Tricleidus	genus
taxon rank	Vitis xunyangensis is an Old World species of wild grape native to temperate China (Shaanxi province).	Vitis xunyangensis	species
taxon rank	Gymnodiscus is a genus of South African flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Gymnodiscus	genus
taxon rank	Anodonthyla hutchisoni is a species of microhylidae frog.	Anodonthyla hutchisoni	species
taxon rank	Crocidura cranbrooki is a species of shrew from Northern Myanmar.	Crocidura cranbrooki	species
taxon rank	Quassia amara (amargo, bitter-ash, bitter-wood) is a species in the genus Quassia, with some botanists treating it as the sole species in the genus.	Quassia amara	species
taxon rank	Haplophyton crooksii is a plant species native to Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and northern Mexico.	Haplophyton crooksii	species
taxon rank	Quedenfeldtia is a small genus of attractive gecko species, commonly known as atlas day geckos.	Quedenfeldtia	genus
taxon rank	The Australian humpback dolphin (Sousa sahulensis) is a species of humpback dolphin and the fourth recognized humpback dolphin species chronologically.	Australian humpback dolphin	species
taxon rank	Amblyomma triguttatum, commonly known as the kangaroo tick, is a species of tick in the genus Amblyomma native to Australia.	Amblyomma triguttatum	species
taxon rank	The Asiatic salamanders (family Hynobiidae) are primitive salamanders found all over Asia, and in European Russia.	Asiatic salamander	family
taxon rank	Pseudoceros susanae is a marine flatworm species that belongs to the Pseudocerotidae family.	Pseudoceros susanae	species
taxon rank	Stryphnodendron adstringens (Portuguese: barbatimão) is a species of legume in the genus Stryphnodendron found in Brazil.	Stryphnodendron adstringens	species
taxon rank	Atelopus vogli was a species of harlequin frog in the family Bufonidae.	Atelopus vogli	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus andalusicus is a species of beetle from the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in Belgium, Germany, Great Britain, France, and the Netherlands.	Longitarsus andalusicus	species
taxon rank	Parides burchellanus is a species of swallowtail butterfly (family Papilionidae).	Parides burchellanus	species
taxon rank	Monachoides incarnatus (syn. Perforatella incarnata) is a species of air-breathing land snail in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Monachoides incarnatus	species
taxon rank	Aristea bakeri is a plant species in the family Iridaceae.	Aristea bakeri	species
taxon rank	Macleaya microcarpa is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family Papaveraceae.	Macleaya microcarpa	species
taxon rank	Couma is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1775.	Couma	genus
taxon rank	Bifurcaria is a genus of brown algae seaweeds found on rocky North American and European shores and tidepools of the Atlantic Ocean.	Bifurcaria	genus
taxon rank	Heterotheca brandegeei is a rare Mexican species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca brandegeei	species
taxon rank	Litoporus saul is a cellar spider species found in French Guiana.	Litoporus saul	species
taxon rank	Strophanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1802.	Strophanthus	genus
taxon rank	Fervidobacterium islandicum is a species of extremely thermophilic anaerobic bacteria, first isolated from an Icelandic hot spring.	Fervidobacterium islandicum	species
taxon rank	†Ctenoglypta newtoni was a species of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Ctenoglypta newtoni	species
taxon rank	Acanthonotozomellidae is a family of amphipod crustaceans.	Acanthonotozomellidae	family
taxon rank	Campaea perlata, the pale beauty, is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.	Campaea perlata	species
taxon rank	Dironidae is a family of nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs, in the clade Euthyneura.	Dironidae	family
taxon rank	Astragalus aspindzicus, the Aspindzian astragalus, is a species of milkvetch that is endemic to the Meskheti region in southern Georgia.	Astragalus aspindzicus	species
taxon rank	Ploiaria metapterina is a species of true bug found in SE Australia.	Ploiaria metapterina	species
taxon rank	Brachinus crepitans is a species of ground beetle in the Brachininae subfamily that can be found everywhere in Europe, except for Monaco, Norway, San Marino, Vatican City, and some islands such as Cyclades, Gibraltar, Iceland, Madeira, Malta, North Aegean, Novaya Zemlya, and Savage Islands.	Brachinus crepitans	species
taxon rank	Streptanthus bracteatus is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common names bracted jewelflower and bracted twistflower.	Streptanthus bracteatus	species
taxon rank	Gephyrosaurus is a genus of early Rhynchocephalia first described and named in 1980 by Susan E. Evans.	Gephyrosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus ertterae is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Walker Pass milkvetch.	Astragalus ertterae	species
taxon rank	Citrus ichangensis, the Ichang papeda (Chinese: 宜昌橙), is a slow-growing species of the Citrus subg.	Citrus ichangensis	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Endromarmata lutipalpis, which is found in Mali and Senegal.	Endromarmata	species
taxon rank	Smilosuchus (meaning ``chisel crocodile'') is an extinct genus of leptosuchomorph phytosaurid from the Late Triassic of North America.	Smilosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Causeyella, is a genus of millipedes comprising three species:	Causeyella	genus
taxon rank	Rhinophis punctatus, or Müller's earth snake, is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.	Rhinophis punctatus	species
taxon rank	Tarantulas comprise a group of large and often hairy arachnids belonging to the Theraphosidae family of spiders, of which approximately 900 species have been identified.	Tarantula	family
taxon rank	Aspicilia (sunken disk lichen) is a genus of mostly crustose areolate lichens that grow on rock.	Aspicilia	genus
taxon rank	Xenocrasoides soukai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Xenocrasoides.	Xenocrasoides	species
taxon rank	Pundamilia is a small genus of haplochromine cichlids endemic to East Africa, primarily in Lake Victoria.	Pundamilia	genus
taxon rank	Zerene is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae commonly called dogfaces.	Zerene	genus
taxon rank	Trinervitermes trinervoides is a species of termite from family Termitidae from Africa.	Trinervitermes trinervoides	species
taxon rank	Chlorostrymon is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.The members (species) of this genus are found in the Nearctic ecozone and the Neotropical ecozone.	Chlorostrymon	genus
taxon rank	Polytolypa is a monotypic genus of fungus containing the single species Polytolypa hystricis.	Polytolypa	genus
taxon rank	Anemone baicalensis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Anemone.	Anemone baicalensis	species
taxon rank	Dimorphandra mollis, the Fava d'anta, is a tree species in the genus of Dimorphandra.	Dimorphandra mollis	species
taxon rank	Abutilon fruticosum is a widespread species of flowering plant in the mallow family known by the common names Texas Indian mallow, pelotazo, and sweet Indian mallow.	Abutilon fruticosum	species
taxon rank	Calvatia sculpta, commonly known as the sculpted puffball, the sculptured puffball, the pyramid puffball, and the Sierran puffball, is a species of puffball fungus in the Agaricaceae family.	Calvatia sculpta	species
taxon rank	Leptolalax croceus (orange-bellied leaf-litter toad) is a species of toad in the family of Megophryidae, discovered in the Central Vietnam in 2010.	Leptolalax croceus	species
taxon rank	Hyotissa mcgintyi, also known as Parahyotissa mcgintyi is a species of medium-sized saltwater ``oyster'', a marine bivalve mollusk in the family Gryphaeidae.	Hyotissa mcgintyi	species
taxon rank	Pseudomancopsetta andriashevi, the Pygmy flounder, is a species of southern flounder known from deep waters off of the southern coast of Chile as well as from around the Crozet Islands and Prince Edward Islands where it occurs at depths of from 200 to 365 metres (656 to 1,198 ft).	Pseudomancopsetta andriashevi	species
taxon rank	The Gorongoza gerbil, Gerbilliscus inclusus, is a species of gerbil found in Mozambique, Tanzania, and Zimbabwe.	Gorongoza gerbil	species
taxon rank	This is the origin of the genus name Novirhabdovirus.	Novirhabdovirus	genus
taxon rank	Odaraia is a genus of crustacean arthropod from the Middle Cambrian.	Odaraia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Anaemosia albida, which is found in Malawi.	Anaemosia	species
taxon rank	Clitellaria ephippium is a species of 'Soldier Fly' (so named for the thorns that armor the body) belonging to the family Stratiomyidae.	Clitellaria ephippium	species
taxon rank	Zanha golungensis is a species of fruit plants from Sapindaceae family that can be found in Cameroon and Zimbabwe.	Zanha golungensis	species
taxon rank	Coprinopsis variegata, commonly known as the scaly ink cap or the feltscale inky cap, is a species of fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.	Coprinopsis variegata	species
taxon rank	Oenothera californica, known by the common name California evening primrose, is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family.	Oenothera californica	species
taxon rank	Bjoernstadia kasuluensis is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Bjoernstadia.	Bjoernstadia kasuluensis	species
taxon rank	Agonum corvus is a species of ground beetle from Platyninae subfamily.	Agonum corvus	species
taxon rank	The Austrolithoideae are a subfamily of Coralline alga.	Austrolithoideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Microchela is an extinct genus of prawn, which contains a single species Microchela rostrata.	Microchela	genus
taxon rank	Aeshna canadensis, the Canada darner, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Aeshna canadensis	species
taxon rank	However, the species Notonecta undulata has only been documented and studied in southern Manitoba, Saskatchewan, Alberta and the western United States.	Notonecta undulata	species
taxon rank	Tropidaster is an extinct genus of sea star that lived in the Early Jurassic.	Tropidaster	genus
taxon rank	Aegopinella nitidula (previously known as Retinella nitidula) is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.	Aegopinella nitidula	species
taxon rank	Rotadiscus is a genus of discoidal animal known from the Cambrian Chengjiang biota and classified with the eldoniids.	Rotadiscus	genus
taxon rank	Colobosaura is a monotypic genus of lizard, endemic to South America, in the family Gymnophthalmidae.	Colobosaura	genus
taxon rank	Pyuridae is a family of Tunicates.	Pyuridae	family
taxon rank	Dendrocalamus strictus is a bamboo species belonging to the Dendrocalamus genus.	Dendrocalamus strictus	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa gejiuensis (Gejiu blind loach) is a species of stone loach endemic to China.	Triplophysa gejiuensis	species
taxon rank	Artemisia cana is a species of sagebrush native to western and central North America, a member of the sunflower family.	Artemisia cana	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces alanosinicus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from soil in Brazil.	Streptomyces alanosinicus	species
taxon rank	Probainognathidae is an extinct family of carnivorous therapsids which lived during the Upper Triassic.	Probainognathidae	family
taxon rank	Lamprologus ornatipinnis is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers areas with sandy substrates or, sometimes rocky areas.	Lamprologus ornatipinnis	species
taxon rank	Pseudoradiarctia is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from Afrotropics.	Pseudoradiarctia	genus
taxon rank	Diurodrilus is a genus of tiny marine animals that has traditionally been assigned to the annelid worms, although this affinity is not certain.	Diurodrilus	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Issikiocrania japonicella, which is found in Japan.	Issikiocrania	species
taxon rank	Disa borbonica is a species of plant in the orchid family of the genus Disa.	Disa borbonica	species
taxon rank	Clostridium tetani is a rod-shaped, anaerobic species of pathogenic bacteria, of the genus Clostridium.	Clostridium tetani	species
taxon rank	Pimelea ligustrina, commonly known as tall rice-flower, is a shrub species in the family Thymelaeaceae.	Pimelea ligustrina	species
taxon rank	Nodipecten magnificus is a species of bivalve in the Pectinidae family.	Nodipecten magnificus	species
taxon rank	Michaelophorus dentiger is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus, known from Argentina, Brazil, British Guyana, Cuba, Curaçao, Honduras, Ecuador, Nicaragua, Paraguay, and Venezuela.	Michaelophorus dentiger	species
taxon rank	Antedon is a genus of free-swimming, stemless crinoids.	Antedon	genus
taxon rank	Crypsis alopecuroides is a species of grass known by the common name foxtail pricklegrass.	Crypsis alopecuroides	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium myrtillus is a species of shrub with edible fruit of blue color, commonly called ``bilberry'', ``whortleberry'' or European blueberry.	Vaccinium myrtillus	species
taxon rank	Denmoza is a genus of cactus found in Argentina, comprising only 2 species.	Denmoza	species
taxon rank	Vatica guangxiensis is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family endemic to China.	Vatica guangxiensis	species
taxon rank	Acrobasis tricolorella, the destructive prune worm or tricolored acrobasis moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis tricolorella	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma guentheri is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it occurs in the upper Amazon basin.	Sturisoma guentheri	species
taxon rank	Campanula collina, common name blue dwarf bellflower, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Campanula of the family Campanulaceae, native to the Caucasus and north-eastern Turkey.	Campanula collina	species
taxon rank	Astronium balansae is a species of flowering tree in the cashew family, Anacardiaceae, that is native to Argentina and Paraguay.	Astronium balansae	species
taxon rank	Vanda insignis is a species of orchid endemic to the Lesser Sunda Islands.	Vanda insignis	species
taxon rank	Trochus calcaratus, common name the actor top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Trochus calcaratus	species
taxon rank	Formica pratensis, the black-backed meadow ant, is a species of European red wood ant in the family Formicidae.	Formica pratensis	species
taxon rank	Attagenus punctatus is a species of beetles found in Europe and the Near East.	Attagenus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Holmiidae is a family of trilobites, that lived during the Lower Cambrian (Atdabanian).	Holmiidae	family
taxon rank	Chalcothea is a genus of flower chafer belonging to the family scarab beetles.	Chalcothea	genus
taxon rank	Nyssa sylvatica's genus name (Nyssa) refers to a Greek water nymph; the species epithet sylvatica refers to its woodland habitat.	Nyssa sylvatica	species
taxon rank	Entimus is a genus of broad-nosed weevils belonging to the family true weevil and the Entiminae subfamily.	Entimus	genus
taxon rank	Trialestes is an extinct genus of Late Triassic crocodylomorph that lived in South America.	Trialestes	genus
taxon rank	Coincya wrightii, known as Lundy cabbage, is a species of primitive brassicoid, endemic to the island of Lundy off the southwestern coast of England, where it is sufficiently isolated to have formed its own species, with its endemic insect pollinators.	Coincya wrightii	species
taxon rank	Ectopioglossa is a far eastern genus of potter wasps.	Ectopioglossa	genus
taxon rank	The Valcouroceratidae is an oncocerid family from the middle and upper Ordovician, mainly of North America, consisting of genera characterized by exogastricly curved cyrtoconic and breviconic shells that change ontogeneticially from compressed to depressed or subtriangular and in which the siphuncle in ventral and actinosiphonate.	Valcouroceratidae	family
taxon rank	Nidimys occultus is a multituberculate which existed in the United States during the Edmontonian faunal stage of the upper Cretaceous period, and the only species in the genus Nidimys.	Nidimys	species
taxon rank	Caiman wannlangstoni is an extinct species of caiman that lived in Amazonia during the Middle and Late Miocene.	Caiman wannlangstoni	species
taxon rank	Tricardia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the borage family containing the single species Tricardia watsonii, which is known by the common name threehearts.	Tricardia	species
taxon rank	Nesiarchus nasutus, the Black gemfish, is a species of snake mackerel found in tropical and subtropical waters in most parts of the world, though not in east Pacific and north Indian waters.	Nesiarchus nasutus	species
taxon rank	Anadenidae is a taxonomic family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionidae (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Anadenidae	family
taxon rank	The Marantaceae are a family, the arrowroot family, of flowering plants known for its large starchy rhizomes.	Marantaceae	family
taxon rank	The Ecdeiocoleaceae comprise a family of flowering plants.	Ecdeiocoleaceae	family
taxon rank	Squalius ghigii, or Ladigesocypris ghigii, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family, also known as the gizani or ghizáni.	Squalius ghigii	species
taxon rank	The genus Dendrolycopodium is a clubmoss genus that some taxonomists have segregated from Lycopodium.	Dendrolycopodium	genus
taxon rank	Gymnothamnion elegans (syn. Callithamnion elegans Schousboe ex C.Agardh 1828) is a red alga species in the genus Gymnothamnion found in South Africa from Bakoven on Cape Peninsula to KwaZulu-Natal.	Gymnothamnion elegans	species
taxon rank	Megalophota leonella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Megalophota.	Megalophota leonella	species
taxon rank	Crichtonsaurus is a dubious genus of herbivorous ankylosaurid ankylosaur dinosaur.	Crichtonsaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Mexican small-eared shrew (Cryptotis mexicana) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Mexican small-eared shrew	species
taxon rank	Abyssochrysos melanioides is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Abyssochrysidae.	Abyssochrysos melanioides	species
taxon rank	Echinacea atrorubens, called the Topeka Purple Coneflower, is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Echinacea atrorubens	species
taxon rank	Boswellia papyrifera is a species of flowering plant that is native to Ethiopia, Eritrea and Sudan.	Boswellia papyrifera	species
taxon rank	Grimmia antarctici is a species of moss that grows in areas of Antarctica such as the Windmill Islands.	Grimmia antarctici	species
taxon rank	Parmarion martensi is a species of air-breathing land semislug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Ariophantidae.	Parmarion martensi	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia utilis is a species of grass known by the common name Aparejograss.	Muhlenbergia utilis	species
taxon rank	Peniocereus striatus is a species of cactus known by several common names, including gearstem cactus, cardoncillo, jacamatraca, sacamatraca, and dahlia-rooted cactus.	Peniocereus striatus	species
taxon rank	The Sonoran green toad (Anaxyrus retiformis, in Spanish ``sapo verde de Sonora'' or ``sapo verde sonorense'') is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Sonoran green toad	species
taxon rank	Bistolida diauges, common name: the square-spotted cowry, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Bistolida diauges	species
taxon rank	Pseudagrion melanicterum, the Black-and-yellow Sprite, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Pseudagrion melanicterum	species
taxon rank	The sole species is Acrobotrys discolor, which is endemic to Colombia.	Acrobotrys	species
taxon rank	Risiocnemis seidenschwarzi is a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae and the only known species in the genus Risiocnemis.	Risiocnemis seidenschwarzi	species
taxon rank	Alpheidae is a family of caridean snapping shrimp characterized by having asymmetrical claws, the larger of which is typically capable of producing a loud snapping sound.	Alpheidae	family
taxon rank	Brachycephalus izecksohni is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family endemic to Brazil.	Brachycephalus izecksohni	species
taxon rank	Clavelina sabbadini is a species of tunicate (sea squirt), in the genus Clavelina (the ``little bottles'').	Clavelina sabbadini	species
taxon rank	Paronychia argyrocoma, the Silvery nailwort is a plant species native to the eastern United States.	Paronychia argyrocoma	species
taxon rank	Bothrops ammodytoides is a venomous pit viper species endemic to Argentina.	Bothrops ammodytoides	species
taxon rank	Benthophilus ctenolepidus is a species of goby widespread along the southern coasts of the Caspian Sea: in the Gorgansky Bay, also from Absheron to Astara at south.	Benthophilus ctenolepidus	species
taxon rank	Choiaella is an extinct genus of demosponge ranging from the Chengjiang lagerstatten until the Lower Silurian.	Choiaella	genus
taxon rank	Mexipyrgus is a genus of very small freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Cochliopidae.	Mexipyrgus	genus
taxon rank	Erechtites is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family known commonly as fireweeds or burnweeds.	Erechtites	genus
taxon rank	Dictyna hamifera is spider species found in Finland and Russia.	Dictyna hamifera	species
taxon rank	Eupauloecus is a genus of spider beetles found in western North America.	Eupauloecus	genus
taxon rank	The Apiosporaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota.	Apiosporaceae	family
taxon rank	Eriogonum mohavense is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Western Mojave buckwheat.	Eriogonum mohavense	species
taxon rank	Calochortus venustulus is a Mexican species of plants in the lily family native to central and eastern Mexico and bearing yellow flowers.	Calochortus venustulus	species
taxon rank	Hesperolinon micranthum is a species of flowering plant in the flax family known by the common name smallflower dwarf flax.	Hesperolinon micranthum	species
taxon rank	Nannophrys ceylonensis, commonly known as the Sri Lanka rock frog or the Ceylon streamlined frog, is a species of frog.	Nannophrys ceylonensis	species
taxon rank	Kolopsis is an extinct genus of diprotodontid marsupials from Australia and Papua New Guinea.	Kolopsis	genus
taxon rank	Amblema plicata, common name the Threeridge, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Amblema plicata	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos myrtifolia is a rare species of manzanita known by the common name Ione manzanita.	Arctostaphylos myrtifolia	species
taxon rank	Pseudocroniades is a Neotropical genus of Firetips in the family Hesperiidae.The genus is monotypic.	Pseudocroniades	genus
taxon rank	Phaedrolosaurus is a genus of theropod dinosaur, based on a single tooth possibly from the Valanginian-Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Lianmugin Formation of Wuerho, Xinjiang, China.	Phaedrolosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Fiji parrotfinch (Erythrura pealii) is a species of estrildid finch endemic to Fiji that was formerly considered to be a subspecies of the red-headed parrotfinch.	Fiji parrotfinch	species
taxon rank	Hoplocarida is a subclass of crustaceans.	Hoplocarida	subclass
taxon rank	Rosenbergia rufolineata is a species of longhorn beetles in the subfamily Lamiinae.	Rosenbergia rufolineata	species
taxon rank	Elymus elymoides is a species of wild rye known by the common name squirreltail.	Elymus elymoides	species
taxon rank	Ptychochromoides itasy is a species of cichlid fish from central Madagascar.	Ptychochromoides itasy	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the genus Nothomicrodon, but shows none of the features of a hoverfly larva, and the genus may instead belong in the Phoridae.	Nothomicrodon	genus
taxon rank	Quercus chrysolepis, commonly termed canyon live oak, canyon oak, golden cup oak or maul oak, is a North American species of evergreen oak that is found in Mexico and in the western United States, notably in the California Coast Ranges.	Quercus chrysolepis	species
taxon rank	Limenavis is a prehistoric bird genus from the Late Cretaceous.	Limenavis	genus
taxon rank	Periclimenes imperator, known as the emperor shrimp, is a species of shrimp with a wide distribution across the Indo-Pacific.	Periclimenes imperator	species
taxon rank	Nicolletia, common name hole-in-the-sand plant, is a small genus of flowering plants in marigold tribe within the sunflower family.	Nicolletia	genus
taxon rank	Rossia pacifica, also known as the stubby squid, is a species of bobtail squid native to the northern Pacific Ocean.	Rossia pacifica	species
taxon rank	Allium tenuicaule is an Asian species of wild onion found in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Iran, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.	Allium tenuicaule	species
taxon rank	Prosopis strombulifera is a species of mesquite or algarrobo, a shrub in the legume family.	Prosopis strombulifera	species
taxon rank	Ribes sardoum, commonly called Sardinian currant, is a species of plant in the gooseberry family.	Ribes sardoum	species
taxon rank	Pseudopharsalia flavostictica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudopharsalia.	Pseudopharsalia flavostictica	species
taxon rank	Nemipterus bipunctatus, the Delagoa threadfin bream, is a species of threadfin bream native to Indian oceanic seas.	Nemipterus bipunctatus	species
taxon rank	Epinephelus albomarginatus (captain fine, white-edged grouper or white-edged rockcod) is a species of fish in the Serranidae family.	Epinephelus albomarginatus	species
taxon rank	Geminiraptor is a genus of troodontid dinosaur.	Geminiraptor	genus
taxon rank	Allomyrina is a genus of rhinoceros beetle.	Allomyrina	genus
taxon rank	Columbicola extinctus, also known as the passenger pigeon chewing louse, is an extant species of phtilopterid louse that was once believed to have been extinct with its only known host, the passenger pigeon, prior to its rediscovery living on band-tailed pigeons.	Columbicola extinctus	species
taxon rank	Horabagrus nigricollaris is a species of catfish endemic to India.	Horabagrus nigricollaris	species
taxon rank	Adelostigma is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1864.	Adelostigma	genus
taxon rank	Pentasteria is an extinct genus of sea star that lived from the Early Jurassic to the Early Cretaceous.	Pentasteria	genus
taxon rank	Potentilla cristae is a rare species of cinquefoil known by the common name crested cinquefoil.	Potentilla cristae	species
taxon rank	Pseudonemesia parva is a species of spider in the Microstigmatidae family.	Pseudonemesia parva	species
taxon rank	The genus contains the single species Graciliscincus shonae (Sadlier's skink or gracile burrowing skink), found in New Caledonia.	Graciliscincus	species
taxon rank	Potamonautes rukwanzi is a species of crustacean in the family Potamonautidae.	Potamonautes rukwanzi	species
taxon rank	Chlorogalum grandiflorum is a species of flowering plant known by the common name Red Hills soap plant.	Chlorogalum grandiflorum	species
taxon rank	Chondrometopum arcuatum is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Chondrometopum of the family Tephritidae.	Chondrometopum arcuatum	species
taxon rank	Pachyrhabda is a genus of moth in the family Stathmopodidae.	Pachyrhabda	genus
taxon rank	Blasiaceae is a family of liverworts with only two species:	Blasiaceae	family
taxon rank	Eucarlia is a genus of spirobolidan millipedes containing six species; most of which are endemic to the island nation of Seychelles, and one native to the Indonesian island of Sulawesi.	Eucarlia	genus
taxon rank	Erythrina flabelliformis, common name chilicote or Western coral bean, is a plant species native to central and northwestern Mexico and the southwestern United States.	Erythrina flabelliformis	species
taxon rank	Branchiobdellida are an order of leech-like clitellates that are mostly exoparasites of crayfish.	Branchiobdellida	order
taxon rank	The Eumolpinae are a subfamily of the leaf beetles, or Chrysomelidae.They are oval, and convex in form, and measure up to 10 mm in size.	Eumolpinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Fojia is a monotypic genus of skinks: the sole species is Fojia bumui, also known as the fojia skink.	Fojia	genus
taxon rank	Tombusviridae is a family of single-stranded positive sense RNA plant viruses.	Tombusviridae	family
taxon rank	Rhynchogadus hepaticus is a species of morid cod known only from the Mediterranean Sea where it occurs in the Gulf of Naples and near to Messina.	Rhynchogadus hepaticus	species
taxon rank	Aegopogon is a genus of New World plants in the grass family.	Aegopogon	genus
taxon rank	Abax parallelepipedus is a species of ground beetle native to Europe and the Nearctic.	Abax parallelepipedus	species
taxon rank	Ligustrum expansum is a plant species native to China and Vietnam.	Ligustrum expansum	species
taxon rank	Pyralosis polycyclophora is a species of snout moth in the genus Pyralosis.	Pyralosis polycyclophora	species
taxon rank	Sesarma reticulatum, the purple marsh crab or simply marsh crab, is a crab species native to the salt marshes of the eastern United States.	Sesarma reticulatum	species
taxon rank	Synodontis schall, the Wahrindi, is a species of upside-down catfish widespread in northern Africa.	Synodontis schall	species
taxon rank	Jobinia is a genus of flowering plants of the family Apocynaceae first described in 1885.	Jobinia	genus
taxon rank	Tienosuchus is a dubious extinct genus of gavialoid crocodilian.	Tienosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Elliot's laughingthrush (Trochalopteron elliotii) is a bird species in the Leiothrichidae family.	Elliot's laughingthrush	species
taxon rank	Neotrigonia is a genus of living saltwater clams, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Trigoniidae, which otherwise consists only of fossil genera.	Neotrigonia	genus
taxon rank	Afrocylindromorphus platysomus is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Afrocylindromorphus.	Afrocylindromorphus	genus
taxon rank	Conoppia palmicinctum is a species of mite in the family Cepheidae.	Conoppia palmicinctum	species
taxon rank	Coreus is a genus of leaf-footed bug in the Coreinae subfamily.	Coreus	genus
taxon rank	Saccoglossus is a genus of acorn worm (Class Enteropneusta).	Saccoglossus	genus
taxon rank	Nymphalis, commonly known as Tortoiseshells,or Anglewing butterflies is a genus of brush-footed butterflies.	Nymphalis	genus
taxon rank	Idotea linearis is a species of elongated isopod crustacean.	Idotea linearis	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum ternatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name ternate buckwheat.	Eriogonum ternatum	species
taxon rank	Sarcococca saligna (sweet box or Christmas box) is a species of flowering plant in the family Buxaceae.	Sarcococca saligna	species
taxon rank	Paradecolya inexspectata is a species of insect, belonging to the family of Tettigonioidea.	Paradecolya inexspectata	species
taxon rank	Laurentaeglyphea neocaledonica is a species of glypheoid lobster, and the only species in the genus Laurentaeglyphea.	Laurentaeglyphea	species
taxon rank	Cicindela hirticollis is a species of tiger beetle that is commonly found in sand bars and sandy beaches, is medium sized, is about 2--14 mm (0.08--0.55 in) long, and is active in the summer.	Cicindela hirticollis	species
taxon rank	Loxerebia is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae.The genus is confined to China (including Tibet), Mongolia, Burma, Thailand and Laos.	Loxerebia	genus
taxon rank	Cotoneaster cambricus (Wild Cotoneaster; Welsh: Creigafal y Gogarth ``rock apple of Gogarth'') is a species of Cotoneaster endemic to the Great Orme peninsula in north Wales.	Cotoneaster cambricus	species
taxon rank	Aztekium ritteri is a species of cactus, in the genus Aztekium.	Aztekium ritteri	species
taxon rank	Zygoballus nervosus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the eastern United States and Canada.	Zygoballus nervosus	species
taxon rank	Agyneta palustris is a species of sheet weaver found in China.	Agyneta palustris	species
taxon rank	Festuca rubra is a species of grass known by the common name red fescue or creeping red fescue.	Festuca rubra	species
taxon rank	The New Zealand stiff-tailed duck (Oxyura vantetsi) is an extinct duck species from New Zealand which is known only from subfossil remains.	New Zealand stiff-tailed duck	species
taxon rank	Phalaris paradoxa is a species of grass in genus Phalaris.	Phalaris paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Cyathea henryi is a species of tree fern native to India and Yunnan in China, where it grows submontane and montane forest at an altitude of 600-1200 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and may be 5-7 m tall or more.	Cyathea henryi	species
taxon rank	Staphylococcus (from the Greek: σταφυλή, staphylē, ``grape'' and κόκκος, kókkos, ``granule'') is a genus of Gram-positive bacteria.	Staphylococcus	genus
taxon rank	Hemiphractus helioi is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Hemiphractus helioi	species
taxon rank	Parasomatidia kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parasomatidia.	Parasomatidia kaszabi	species
taxon rank	Navarretia breweri is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Brewer's navarretia.	Navarretia breweri	species
taxon rank	Chromis acares is a species of damselfish native to the Pacific Ocean.	Chromis acares	species
taxon rank	Eoarthropleura was a genus of millipede-like creatures which lived between the Late Silurian and Late Devonian periods.	Eoarthropleura	genus
taxon rank	Palleon is a genus of small chameleons erected in 2013 for a small clade formerly assigned to the genus Brookesia.	Palleon	genus
taxon rank	Isodontosaurus is an extinct genus of iguanian lizard from the Late Cretaceous of Mongolia.	Isodontosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Anteros acheus is a species of butterflies of the Riodinidae family, found in Brazil, Surinam and Bolivia.	Anteros acheus	species
taxon rank	Maylandia emmiltos is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from the Mpanga Rocks near Chilumba.	Maylandia emmiltos	species
taxon rank	Lotus procumbens is a species of legume known by the common name silky deerweed.	Lotus procumbens	species
taxon rank	Lepidium jaredii is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Jared's pepperweed.	Lepidium jaredii	species
taxon rank	Phyllochoreia is a genus of grasshopper endemic to the Western Ghats of India and Sri Lanka.	Phyllochoreia	genus
taxon rank	Zethalia zelandica, common name the wheel shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Zethalia zelandica	species
taxon rank	Stylidium humphreysii is a species of trigger plant endemic to desert regions of Western Australia.	Stylidium humphreysii	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum coca is one of two species of cultivated coca.	Erythroxylum coca	species
taxon rank	Polygonum marinense is a rare North American species of flowering plants in the buckwheat family known by the common name Marin knotweed.	Polygonum marinense	species
taxon rank	Strophiceras is an extinct cephalopod genus from the Order Nautilida, which includes, in a separate family, Nautilus and Allonautilus.	Strophiceras	genus
taxon rank	Tonestus, common name serpentweed, is a genus of North American flowering plants in the aster family.	Tonestus	genus
taxon rank	Leccinum aurantiacum, is a species of fungus in the genus Leccinum.	Leccinum aurantiacum	species
taxon rank	Chrysopogon aciculatus (syn. Andropogon aciculatus) is a species of grass native to the tropics of Asia, Polynesia, and Australia at low elevations.	Chrysopogon aciculatus	species
taxon rank	Buchanania platyneura is a species of flowering plant in the family Anacardiaceae.	Buchanania platyneura	species
taxon rank	Echinoscelis hemithia is a species of moth in the family Cosmopterigidae.	Echinoscelis hemithia	species
taxon rank	Lizardfishes are benthic marine and estuarine bony fishes that comprise the aulopiform fish family Synodontidae.	Synodontidae	family
taxon rank	Harpadon translucens (Bombay duck, glassy Bombay duck, or ghost grinner) is a species of lizardfish that lives in the mainly in the Indo-West Pacific.	Harpadon translucens	species
taxon rank	Carex siderosticta is a species of sedge native to East Asia.	Carex siderosticta	species
taxon rank	Tachina tricincta is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Austria.	Tachina tricincta	species
taxon rank	Chamaesaracha is a genus of perennial herbs in the nightshade family which are known commonly as five eyes.	Chamaesaracha	genus
taxon rank	Palaeoteuthomorpha is a superorder of primitive coleoid cephalopods, containing the Boletzkyida, characterized by an orthoceroid-like phragmocone early in ontogeny and a teuthid living chamber later in ontogeny.	Palaeoteuthomorpha	superorder
taxon rank	A single species, Archetypomys erlianensis, has been described from Inner Mongolia.	Archetypomys	species
taxon rank	Heterotheca pumila, called the alpine goldenaster, is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Heterotheca pumila	species
taxon rank	The Great Plains toad (Anaxyrus cognatus) is a relatively large species of true toad.	Great Plains toad	species
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera nobilis is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family that can be found in France, Italy, and Switzerland.	Neocrepidodera nobilis	species
taxon rank	Legionella longbeachae is one species of the family Legionellaceae.	Legionella longbeachae	species
taxon rank	Pucciphippsia is a genus of Arctic plants in the grass family, reported from Greenland, Svalbard, and Magadan.	Pucciphippsia	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea borneensis is a species of tree fern native to southern parts of Thailand and Cambodia, as well as the Malay Peninsula and Borneo, where it grows in lowland forest at an altitude of 400-1100 m. The trunk is erect and usually up to 2 m tall or more.	Cyathea borneensis	species
taxon rank	The Peloridiidae or moss bugs are a family of true bugs, comprising eighteen genera and thirty-four species.	Peloridiidae	family
taxon rank	The only species recognized is Synoum glandulosum, known commonly as Scentless Rosewood.	Synoum	species
taxon rank	Tyrannosauridae (or tyrannosaurids, meaning ``tyrant lizards'') is a family of coelurosaurian theropod dinosaurs which comprises two subfamilies containing up to eleven genera, including the eponymous Tyrannosaurus.	Tyrannosauridae	family
taxon rank	Therizinosauridae (``reaper lizards'') is a family of advanced herbivorous or omnivorous theropod dinosaurs.	Therizinosauridae	family
taxon rank	Eupatorieae is a tribe of over 2000 species of plants in the aster family.	Eupatorieae	tribe
taxon rank	Eriogonum gypsophilum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Seven River Hills buckwheat and gypsum wild buckwheat.	Eriogonum gypsophilum	species
taxon rank	Brisaster latifrons is a species of sea urchins of the family Schizasteridae.	Brisaster latifrons	species
taxon rank	Metapelma archetypon is an extinct species of parasitic wasp in the Eupelmidae genus Metapelma.	Metapelma archetypon	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops guayaquilensis, or the Guayaquila blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops guayaquilensis	species
taxon rank	Lobatus goliath, previously known as Eustrombus goliath and Strombus goliath, common name the goliath conch, is a species of very large edible sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Lobatus goliath	species
taxon rank	Psephosauriscus is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Middle Triassic of Israel and Egypt.	Psephosauriscus	genus
taxon rank	Agaricus impudicus, is a mushroom of the genus Agaricus, a familiar genus with many edible species.	Agaricus impudicus	species
taxon rank	Sinictinogomphus clavatus, the golden flangetail, is a species of dragonfly in the clubtail family Gomphidae.	Sinictinogomphus clavatus	species
taxon rank	Phacopidae is a family of phacophid trilobites that ranges from the Lower Ordovician to the Upper Devonian, with representatives in all paleocontinents.	Phacopidae	family
taxon rank	Proepipona is an afrotropical genus of potter wasps with seven described species.	Proepipona	genus
taxon rank	Copeina guttata is a one of two fish species in the genus Copeina, which is in the family Lebiasinidae.	Copeina guttata	species
taxon rank	Typothoracisinae is a clade of aetosaurs within the subfamily Aetosaurinae.	Typothoracisinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Callionymus persicus is a species of dragonet native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 15 to 100 metres (49 to 328 ft).	Callionymus persicus	species
taxon rank	Gnathophis tritos was given its species epithet due to its being the third species in its genus discovered in the western Atlantic.	Gnathophis tritos	species
taxon rank	Cutandia is a genus of Asian and Mediterranean plants in the grass family.	Cutandia	genus
taxon rank	Acacia koa is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Acacia koa	species
taxon rank	Rheum webbianum is a species of herbaceous perennials plants in the family Polygonaceae.	Rheum webbianum	species
taxon rank	Delta dimidiatipenne is a species of Potter wasp from the warmer regions of the Palearctic which specielaises in the hunting of caterpillars and is therefore sometimes known as the caterpillar hunting wasp.	Delta dimidiatipenne	species
taxon rank	Lepetodrilidae is a family of small, deep-sea sea snails, hydrothermal vent limpets, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Lepetodrilidae	family
taxon rank	Porcellionides myrmicidarum is a species of woodlouse in the Porcellionidae family that is endemic to Sicily.	Porcellionides myrmicidarum	species
taxon rank	Stenodermatinae is a large subfamily of bats in the family Phyllostomidae.	Stenodermatinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Tangavelleda tanzanicola is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tangavelleda.	Tangavelleda tanzanicola	species
taxon rank	The American soles are a family (Achiridae) of flatfish occurring in both freshwater and marine environments of the Americas.	American sole	family
taxon rank	Adelpha bredowii, commonly known as Bredow's Sister, is a species of butterfly in the family Nymphalidae.	Adelpha bredowii	species
taxon rank	Prothalotia lesueuri, common name Lesueur's top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Prothalotia lesueuri	species
taxon rank	Pseudoconorbis is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Pseudoconorbis	genus
taxon rank	Eucalyptus clelandii, commonly known as Cleland's blackbutt, is a species of eucalypt native to Western Australia.	Eucalyptus clelandii	species
taxon rank	Distoechodon is a genus of cyprinid fishes that occur in East Asia, one species endemic to mainland China and the other in both mainland China and Taiwan.	Distoechodon	genus
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus krempfi is a species of hermit crab from the Indo-Pacific.	Ciliopagurus krempfi	species
taxon rank	Mikadotrochus hirasei, common name the emperor's slit shell, is a species of large deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurotomariidae, the slit snails.	Mikadotrochus hirasei	species
taxon rank	Brookesia brygooi, commonly known as the leaf chameleon, is a species of chameleon endemic to Madagascar.	Brookesia brygooi	species
taxon rank	Allotoca is a genus of splitfins endemic to central Mexico.	Allotoca	genus
taxon rank	Cornus clarnensis is an extinct species of flowering plant in the dogwood family, Cornaceae, solely known from the middle Eocene sediments exposed in north central Oregon.	Cornus clarnensis	species
taxon rank	Calymene (meaning beautiful crescent as a reference to the glabella) is a genus of trilobites in the order Phacopida that are found throughout North America, North Africa, and Europe in primarily Silurian outcrops.	Calymene	genus
taxon rank	Torilis nodosa is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names knotted hedgeparsley and short sock-destroyer.	Torilis nodosa	species
taxon rank	Amietophrynus buchneri (common name: Buchner's toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Amietophrynus buchneri	species
taxon rank	Curtimorda maculosa is a species of beetle in the Curtimorda genus.	Curtimorda maculosa	species
taxon rank	Volkameria inermis (glory bower) is a species of flowering plant in the genus Volkameria of the family Lamiaceae, found in Australia, Asia, Malesia and the Pacific islands.	Volkameria inermis	species
taxon rank	The Phyllodini are a tribe of moths in the Erebidae family.	Phyllodini	tribe
taxon rank	Celaenorrhinus is a genus of skipper butterflies which are commonly termed sprites.	Celaenorrhinus	genus
taxon rank	Citrus glauca is therefore one of the most resilient Citrus species, and is comparatively heat, drought, and cold tolerant.	Citrus glauca	species
taxon rank	Allium eusperma is a plant species native to the provinces of Sichuan and Yunnan in southern China.	Allium eusperma	species
taxon rank	The Deferribacteraceae are a family of bacteria, given their own phylum (Deferribacteres).	Deferribacteraceae	family
taxon rank	Heteroclinus kuiteri, Kuiters weedfish, is a species of clinid native to the Indian Ocean coast of Australia.	Heteroclinus kuiteri	species
taxon rank	Marasmius amazonicus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae.	Marasmius amazonicus	species
taxon rank	Hamadryas argentea (also called Silvery Buttercup) is a species of plant in the Ranunculaceae family.	Hamadryas argentea	species
taxon rank	Copaifera panamensis, commonly known as the Cabimo is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is endemic to Panama.	Copaifera panamensis	species
taxon rank	Spartina gracilis is a species of grass known by the common name alkali cordgrass.	Spartina gracilis	species
taxon rank	Paradoxodacna piratica is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae, the Asiatic glassfishes.	Paradoxodacna piratica	species
taxon rank	The herbaceous perennial plant Gentiana calycosa is a species of gentian known by the common names Rainier pleated gentian and mountain bog gentian.	Gentiana calycosa	species
taxon rank	Strempeliopsis is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1876.	Strempeliopsis	genus
taxon rank	Buddleja axillaris is a shrub endemic to Madagascar, the Comoro Islands, and Tanzania, growing in forests at elevations of 300--1400 m. The species was first named and described by Willdenow in 1827	Buddleja axillaris	species
taxon rank	The genus is placed in its own family, Kiwaidae, in the superfamily Chirostyloidea.	Kiwaidae	family
taxon rank	Dysdera erythrina is a species of spider in the family Dysderidae.	Dysdera erythrina	species
taxon rank	Brachythemis fuscopalliata, the dark-winged groundling, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Brachythemis fuscopalliata	species
taxon rank	Boechera constancei is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Constance's rockcress.	Boechera constancei	species
taxon rank	Shorea gibbosa (also called Yellow Meranti) is a large emergent rainforest tree species in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Shorea gibbosa	species
taxon rank	Antidesma puncticulatum, known as Mao Luang, is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family.	Antidesma puncticulatum	species
taxon rank	Platanthera nivea, commonly called the snowy orchid, is a species of orchid native to the Southeastern United States.	Platanthera nivea	species
taxon rank	Crataegus apiifolia is a name sometimes used for some species of hawthorns.	Crataegus apiifolia	species
taxon rank	Myrmecotypus is a spider genus that mimics ants.	Myrmecotypus	genus
taxon rank	Galeandra minax is a species of orchid native to Brazil and Venezuela.	Galeandra minax	species
taxon rank	Calamiana illota is a species of goby native to marine, brackish and fresh waters of Singapore, Thailand, Brunei and the Philippines.	Calamiana illota	species
taxon rank	Chlamydophila pneumoniae is a species of Chlamydophila, an obligate intracellular bacterium that infects humans and is a major cause of pneumonia.	Chlamydophila pneumoniae	species
taxon rank	Asterorhombus is a genus of lefteye flounders native to the Indo-Pacific.	Asterorhombus	genus
taxon rank	Philometra Costa, 1845 is a genus of nematode, a parasite of marine and freshwater fishes.	Philometra	genus
taxon rank	Verticordia verticordina is a species of flowering plant in the Myrtaceae family.	Verticordia verticordina	species
taxon rank	Aphthona czwalinae is a species of leaf beetle known as the black leafy spurge flea beetle.	Aphthona czwalinae	species
taxon rank	Pronesopupa orycta is a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Pupillidae.	Pronesopupa orycta	species
taxon rank	Lupinus arcticus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Arctic lupine.	Lupinus arcticus	species
taxon rank	Deherainia is a genus of plants in the Theophrastaceae family, endemic to Central America.	Deherainia	genus
taxon rank	Meiacanthus fraseri is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean, around Cargados Carajos.	Meiacanthus fraseri	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa laterimaculata is a species of stone loach endemic to the Tarim Basin, Xinjiang.	Triplophysa laterimaculata	species
taxon rank	The network wobbegong (Orectolobus reticulatus) is a recently described species of carpet shark found in relatively shallow waters off Kimberley and Darwin in north-western Australia.	Orectolobus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Drymoana blanchardi is a species of sedge moths in the genus Drymoana.	Drymoana blanchardi	species
taxon rank	Allium acutiflorum is a plant species in the amaryllis family native to northwestern Italy (Liguria) and to southeastern France (including Corsica).	Allium acutiflorum	species
taxon rank	Eresus is a genus of velvet spiders comprising several species.	Eresus	genus
taxon rank	Paramicrodon is a genus of hoverflies, with eight known species.	Paramicrodon	genus
taxon rank	Fusiturris undatiruga, common name the wrinkled turrid, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Clavatulidae.	Fusiturris undatiruga	species
taxon rank	The Tanzanian cheetah (Acinonyx jubatus raineyii syn. Acinonyx jubatus fearsoni), also commonly known as East African cheetah or Kenyan cheetah, is a subspecies of cheetah native to East Africa.	Tanzanian cheetah	subspecies
taxon rank	Eccritotarsus is a genus of Miridae.	Eccritotarsus	genus
taxon rank	Minotaurasaurus is a genus of ankylosaurine ankylosaurid dinosaur that lived during the Late Cretaceous.	Minotaurasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Sinogastromyzon is a genus of hillstream loaches native to eastern Asia.	Sinogastromyzon	genus
taxon rank	Longimactra elongata is a species of large bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae.	Longimactra elongata	species
taxon rank	Metalectra tantillus, the Black Fungus Moth, is a species of moth of the Erebidae family.	Metalectra tantillus	species
taxon rank	The Trachypachidae (or sometimes false ground beetles) are a family of beetles that generally resemble small ground beetles, but that are distinguished by the large coxae of their rearmost legs.	Trachypachidae	family
taxon rank	The species was formally described in 1810 by Scottish botanist Robert Brown The widely cultivated variety known as Hemiandra pungens var. glabra is currently classified under the species name Hemiandra glabra and considered a mere synonym of the nominal species.	Hemiandra pungens	species
taxon rank	Thesprotia brevis is a species of praying mantis found in Paraguay.	Thesprotia brevis	species
taxon rank	Margarites helicinus, common name the helicina margarite or spiral margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae.	Margarites helicinus	species
taxon rank	Anaphe stellata is a species of moth in the family Notodontidae.	Anaphe stellata	species
taxon rank	Prosellodrilus amplisetosus is a species of earthworm native to Aquitaine in south-western France; it has also been introduced to a site in County Louth, Ireland.	Prosellodrilus amplisetosus	species
taxon rank	Askellia is a genus of Asian and North American plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Askellia	genus
taxon rank	Protobranchia is a subclass of bivalve molluscs.	Protobranchia	subclass
taxon rank	Astele subcarinata, common name the subcarinate top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Astele subcarinata	species
taxon rank	Fayodia is a genus of fungi in the Tricholomataceae family, and the type species of the genus Fayodia.	Fayodia	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Lithopolia confusa, which is found in Taiwan.	Lithopolia	species
taxon rank	Potangaspis is an extinct genus of placoderm fish which existed in China during the Devonian period.	Potangaspis	genus
taxon rank	Hoplophthiracarus is a genus of mites in the family Steganacaridae.	Hoplophthiracarus	genus
taxon rank	Salvia pauciserrata is a variable and widely distributed species of Salvia native to Peru, north to Venezuela and Costa Rica.	Salvia pauciserrata	species
taxon rank	The 'Braeburn' is a cultivar of apple that is firm to the touch with a red/orange vertical streaky appearance on a yellow/green background.	Braeburn	cultivar
taxon rank	Hibbertia cistiflora, commonly known as Rock Rose Guinea-flower, is a shrub species that is native to eastern Australia.	Hibbertia cistiflora	species
taxon rank	Logfia is a genus of herbaceous plants in the cudweed tribe of the sunflower family, known as the field cottonrose.	Logfia	genus
taxon rank	Amegilla dawsoni, sometimes called the Dawson's burrowing bee is a species of bee that nests by the thousands in arid claypans in Western Australia.	Amegilla dawsoni	species
taxon rank	Rana zhengi is a species of frog in the Ranidae family that is endemic to Sichuan, China.	Rana zhengi	species
taxon rank	Atrax is a genus of venomous spiders found in Australasia.	Atrax	genus
taxon rank	Epeoloides pilosulus is one of only two species in the bee genus Epeoloides; it is cleptoparasitic in the nests of melittid bees of the genus Macropis.	Epeoloides pilosulus	species
taxon rank	Micropera utriculosa is a species of orchid in the genus Micropera first described by Oakes Ames in 1915 under the name Camarotis utriculosa.	Micropera utriculosa	species
taxon rank	Mytilopsis leucophaeata is a species of small bivalve mollusc in the false mussel family, Dreissenidae.	Mytilopsis leucophaeata	species
taxon rank	Euxanthe is a genus of butterflies in the subfamily Charaxinae.	Euxanthe	genus
taxon rank	The San Quintin kangaroo rat (Dipodomys gravipes) is a species of rodent in the family Heteromyidae.	San Quintin kangaroo rat	species
taxon rank	Ischyromys is an extinct genus of rodent from North America.	Ischyromys	genus
taxon rank	Strumigenys trada is a species of ant that was discovered and described by Lin, C. C. & Wu, W. J. in 1996.	Strumigenys trada	species
taxon rank	Agoseris apargioides is a species in the sunflower family, is commonly called seaside agoseris or seaside false-dandelion.	Agoseris apargioides	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus montanus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Cordillera Central, Dominican Republic, at elevations of 1,270--2,424 m (4,167--7,953 ft) asl.	Eleutherodactylus montanus	species
taxon rank	The Ariidae or ariid catfish are a family of catfish that mainly live in marine waters with many freshwater and brackish water species.	Ariidae	family
taxon rank	Oliva caroliniana, common name the carolinian olive shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	Oliva caroliniana	species
taxon rank	Stenolemus bituberus is a species of thread-legged insect (Emesinae) found across much of Australia.	Stenolemus bituberus	species
taxon rank	Tabernaemontana muricata is a species of plant in the Apocynaceae family.	Tabernaemontana muricata	species
taxon rank	Gondwanothrix halsei is a species of small crustaceans (ca. 1.0--1.3 millimetres or 0.039--0.051 inches) within the order Cladocera, in the suborder Anomopoda, placed in its own family, Gondwanotrichidae.	Gondwanothrix	species
taxon rank	Quercus aucheri is a species of oak tree in the Fagaceae family.	Quercus aucheri	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum gracile is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name slender woolly buckwheat.	Eriogonum gracile	species
taxon rank	Agonoscelis is a genus of stink bugs that are native to the Afrotropics and Australia, but one species is established in the New World.	Agonoscelis	genus
taxon rank	While the Mississippi kite is not an endangered species, it is protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918, which protects the birds, their eggs, and their nests (occupied or empty) from being moved or tampered with without the proper permits.	Mississippi kite	species
taxon rank	Konosirus punctatus is a species of fish in the family Clupeidae, the herrings and sardines.	Konosirus punctatus	species
taxon rank	Arthritica crassiformis is a species of small marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lasaeidae.	Arthritica crassiformis	species
taxon rank	Echinothrix calamaris, known commonly as the banded sea urchin or double spined urchin among other vernacular names, is a species of sea urchin in the family Diadematidae.	Echinothrix calamaris	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis normani is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Côte d'Ivoire where it occurs in the Cavally River system.	Chiloglanis normani	species
taxon rank	Bahiopsis parishii known commonly as Parish goldeneye or shrubby goldeneye, is a North American species of flowering shrubs in the sunflower family.	Bahiopsis parishii	species
taxon rank	Corsochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle that lived in the Late Cretaceous (Campanian).	Corsochelys	genus
taxon rank	Praenuculidae is an extinct family of prehistoric bivalves in the superfamily Nuculoidea.	Praenuculidae	family
taxon rank	Nemopoda nitidula is a European species of fly and member of the family Sepsidae.	Nemopoda nitidula	species
taxon rank	Chlorociboria is a genus of fungi within the subphylum Pezizomycetes.	Chlorociboria	genus
taxon rank	Notoacmea subtilis is a minute species of sea snail or true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Lottiidae, one of the families of true limpets.	Notoacmea subtilis	species
taxon rank	Xanthoparmelia pokomyi is a lichen species in the genus Xanthoparmelia.	Xanthoparmelia pokomyi	species
taxon rank	Aegialia concinna is a species of beetle in family Scarabaeidae.	Aegialia concinna	species
taxon rank	Phycodnaviridae is a family of large (100-560kb) double stranded DNA viruses that infect marine or freshwater eukaryotic algae.	Phycodnaviridae	family
taxon rank	The Micropholcommatidae are a family of araneomorph spiders with about 66 described species in 19 genera.	Micropholcommatidae	family
taxon rank	The Ngandong tiger (Panthera tigris soloensis), is an extinct subspecies of tiger which lived in what is now the Sundaland region of Indonesia in the Pleistocene epoch.	Ngandong tiger	subspecies
taxon rank	Piratosaurus is a genus of plesiosaur, a type of marine reptile.	Piratosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Neololeba is a tropical Asian, Australian, and Papuasian genus of bamboos in the grass family.	Neololeba	genus
taxon rank	Bathornithidae is an extinct family of birds from the Eocene to Miocene of North America.	Bathornithidae	family
taxon rank	The genus is named for the first chancellor of the German Empire Otto von Bismarck and the epithet for its only species, Bismarckia nobilis, comes from Latin for 'noble'.	Bismarckia	species
taxon rank	Triplocephalum is a genus of flowering plants in the Inuleae tribe within the daisy family.	Triplocephalum	genus
taxon rank	Encalypta is a genus of moss in the family Encalyptaceae; commonly known as ``extinguisher moss''.	Encalypta	genus
taxon rank	Stenotus lanuginosus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names woolly mock goldenweed and woolly stenotus.	Stenotus lanuginosus	species
taxon rank	Bathyergoides is an extinct genus of rodent from Africa thought to be related to the modern blesmols.	Bathyergoides	genus
taxon rank	Saussurea is a genus of about 300 species of flowering plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family, native to cool temperate and arctic regions of Asia, Europe, and North America, with the highest diversity in alpine habitats in the Himalaya and central Asia.	Saussurea	genus
taxon rank	Vinca major, with the common names bigleaf periwinkle, large periwinkle, greater periwinkle and blue periwinkle, is species of flowering plant in the family Apocynaceae, native to the western Mediterranean.	Vinca major	species
taxon rank	Conus nobilis, common name the noble cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus nobilis	species
taxon rank	Afrocarpus gaussenii is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Afrocarpus gaussenii	species
taxon rank	Sorbus thibetica (Tibetan whitebeam) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to south western China and the Himalayas.	Sorbus thibetica	species
taxon rank	Daphnephila truncicola is a species of gall midge first associated with stem galls on Lauraceae species, particularly Machilus thunbergii in Taiwan.	Daphnephila truncicola	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis exercita is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in India, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh.	Polyrhachis exercita	species
taxon rank	The black-headed lizard, Liolaemus nigriceps, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus nigriceps	species
taxon rank	Chrysosplenium wrightii, the Bering Sea Water-carpet, is a plant species native to northwestern North America and northeastern Asia.	Chrysosplenium wrightii	species
taxon rank	Eriochloa contracta is a species of grass known by the common name prairie cupgrass.	Eriochloa contracta	species
taxon rank	Volkameria is a genus of flowering plants in the family;	Volkameria	genus
taxon rank	The Portulacaceae are a family of flowering plants, comprising about 20 genera with about 500 species, ranging from herbaceous plants to shrubs.	Portulacaceae	family
taxon rank	Klarobelia megalocarpa is a species of flowering plants in the family Annonaceae.	Klarobelia megalocarpa	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa dudkorum is a species of wolf spider only known from the south-central Altai Mountains in Russia.	Acantholycosa dudkorum	species
taxon rank	Arizona mantis is a common name applied to various species of praying mantis native to Arizona, particularly:	Arizona mantis	species
taxon rank	Cicadomorpha is an infraorder of the insect order Hemiptera which contains the cicadas, leafhoppers, treehoppers, and spittlebugs.	Cicadomorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Adenocarpus decorticans also known as Silver broom, is a species of flowering plant in the Faboideae subfamily which is endemic to Sierra Nevada mountains, in Spain.	Adenocarpus decorticans	species
taxon rank	Naarda is a genus of moths containing 31 species.	Naarda	genus
taxon rank	Plagiomnium affine, the many-fruited thyme-moss, is a species of thyme-moss found in old-growth boreal forests in North America, Europe and Asia, growing in moist, but not wet, basic to slightly acidic micro-habitats in woodland and in turf.	Plagiomnium affine	species
taxon rank	Doellingeria infirma is listed as an endangered species by the state of Massachusetts.	Doellingeria infirma	species
taxon rank	Syzygium malaccense is a species of flowering tree native to Malaysia, Indonesia (Sumatra and Java) Vietnam, Thailand, New Guinea and Australia.	Syzygium malaccense	species
taxon rank	Delphinium parryi is a species of larkspur known by the common names San Bernardino larkspur and Parry's larkspur.	Delphinium parryi	species
taxon rank	Cteniloricaria platystoma is a species of armored catfish endemic to Suriname.	Cteniloricaria platystoma	species
taxon rank	Oxyrhopus is a genus of colubrid snakes that belong to the subfamily Xenodontinae.	Oxyrhopus	genus
taxon rank	The Large-flowered Cypripedium (Cypripedium macranthos) is a species of orchid.	Cypripedium macranthos	species
taxon rank	The Cheritrini are a small tribe of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae; they contain the imperials and allies.	Cheritrini	tribe
taxon rank	Eleocharis montevidensis is a species of spikesedge known by the common name sand spikerush.	Eleocharis montevidensis	species
taxon rank	Dichanthelium hirstii is a species of grass known by the common name Hirst's panic grass.	Dichanthelium hirstii	species
taxon rank	Sphodromantis gracilis is a species of praying mantis found in Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Nigeria, Senegal, and Central African Republic.	Sphodromantis gracilis	species
taxon rank	Viverridae is a family of small to medium-sized mammals, the viverrids (/vaɪˈvɛrɪdz/), comprising 15 genera, which are subdivided into 38 species.	Viverridae	family
taxon rank	Alamitornis is an extinct genus of basal ornithuromorph bird, possible within the family Patagopterygidae.	Alamitornis	genus
taxon rank	Mussaenda villosa is a species of flowering shrub in the Rubiaceae family.	Mussaenda villosa	species
taxon rank	Holaspis is a genus of equatorial african lacertids in the family Lacertidae.	Holaspis	genus
taxon rank	Polygala is a large genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Polygalaceae.	Polygala	genus
taxon rank	Clathrina angraensis is a species of the genus Clathrina from Brazil.	Clathrina angraensis	species
taxon rank	Aspidites ramsayi, commonly known as Ramsay's python, woma python, and sand python, is a species of snake endemic to Australia.	Aspidites ramsayi	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Mantua fulvosericea, which is endemic to Kauai, Oahu, Molokai and Lanai.	Mantua fulvosericea	species
taxon rank	Graneledone yamana is a species of octopus in the genus Graneledone.	Graneledone yamana	species
taxon rank	Vitis silvestrii (known locally as hu bei pu tao, which means Hubei grape) is a species of polygamo-dioecious plant in the grape family native to the forested slopes of western Hubei and southern Shaanxi in China from 300 to 1200 meters above sea level.	Vitis silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Macrosemiiformes is an extinct order of bony fish with one family, Macrosemiidae.	Macrosemiiformes	order
taxon rank	Floracarus perrepae is a species of herbivorous mite belonging to the family Eriophyidae, native to Queensland, Australia.	Floracarus perrepae	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria glauca is a species of fritillary known by the common names Siskiyou fritillary and Siskiyou missionbells.	Fritillaria glauca	species
taxon rank	Clathrina sinusarabica is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Clathrina from Egypt.	Clathrina sinusarabica	species
taxon rank	Gagea amblyopetala is an Eurasianan species of plants in the lily family, native to Greece, Turkey, Italy, Albania, Yugoslavia, Crimea, Moldova, and Ukraine.	Gagea amblyopetala	species
taxon rank	Maja capensis, the Agulhas spider crab, is a species of crab in the family Majidae.	Maja capensis	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria unibracteata is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to Gansu, Qinghai, Sichuan Provinces in China.	Fritillaria unibracteata	species
taxon rank	Parazoanthus swiftii, commonly known as the golden zoanthid, is a species of coral in the order Zoantharia which grows symbiotically on several species of sponge.	Parazoanthus swiftii	species
taxon rank	Aptinus is a genus of ground beetle native to Europe and the Near East.	Aptinus	genus
taxon rank	Carex athrostachya is a species of sedge known by the common name slenderbeak sedge.	Carex athrostachya	species
taxon rank	Barasaurus is an extinct genus of owenettid procolophonoid parareptile known from the late Late Permian and early Early Triassic of Madagascar.	Barasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Borojevia paracerebrum is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Borojevia from Mexico.	Borojevia paracerebrum	species
taxon rank	Ceropegia is a genus of plants within the family Apocynaceae, native to Africa, southern Asia, and Australia.	Ceropegia	genus
taxon rank	Corallina is a genus of red seaweeds with hard, abrasive calcareous skeletons in the family Corallinaceae.	Corallina	genus
taxon rank	Pereskia quisqueyana, commonly known as the Bayahibe Rose, is a species of cactus that is endemic to the Dominican Republic.	Pereskia quisqueyana	species
taxon rank	Kalamantania whiteheadi is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Dyakiidae.	Kalamantania whiteheadi	species
taxon rank	Galinsoga caligensis is a Peruvian species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Galinsoga caligensis	species
taxon rank	Acanthemblemaria exilispinus, the Bluntspine blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs from Costa Rica to Ecuador, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Acanthemblemaria exilispinus	species
taxon rank	Andinobates claudiae (synonyms Dendrobates claudiae, Ranitomeya claudiae) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Andinobates claudiae	species
taxon rank	Heliodiaptomus kolleruensis is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae.	Heliodiaptomus kolleruensis	species
taxon rank	Stephanorrhina julia is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family, Cetoniinae subfamily, tribe Goliathini.	Stephanorrhina julia	species
taxon rank	The only species that is a member of this genus is Aglaodorum griffithii.	Aglaodorum	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus occidentalis, the western buttercup, is a species of buttercup found in the western United States and Canada.	Ranunculus occidentalis	species
taxon rank	Liljeborgiidae is a family of amphipods, containing the following genera:	Liljeborgiidae	family
taxon rank	Microchrysa polita, the black-horned gem, is a European species of soldier fly.	Microchrysa polita	species
taxon rank	Mimatybe pauliani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimatybe.	Mimatybe pauliani	species
taxon rank	Colletes elegans a species of ground-nesting bee in the genus Colletes, which is found in Israel.	Colletes elegans	species
taxon rank	Suaeda taxifolia is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name woolly seablite.	Suaeda taxifolia	species
taxon rank	Graphipterus serrator is a species of beetles in the family Carabidae.	Graphipterus serrator	species
taxon rank	Acacia ligulata is a species of Acacia, a dense shrub widespread in all states of mainland Australia.	Acacia ligulata	species
taxon rank	Pygopleurus hirsutus is a species of beetle from the Glaphyridae family.	Pygopleurus hirsutus	species
taxon rank	Rhus virens is a species of flowering plant in the mango family, Anacardiaceae, that is native to Arizona, southern New Mexico, and Texas in the United States as well as northern and central Mexico as far south as Oaxaca.	Rhus virens	species
taxon rank	Agyneta equestris is a species of sheet weaver found in Central Europe and Ukraine.	Agyneta equestris	species
taxon rank	Bellemerea is a genus of lichens in the family Lecideaceae.	Bellemerea	genus
taxon rank	The Montane African climbing mouse or remarkable climbing mouse (Dendromus insignis) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Dendromus insignis	species
taxon rank	Galeomorphii is a superorder of cartilaginous fishes which includes all modern sharks except the dogfish and its relatives.	Galeomorphii	superorder
taxon rank	Favonius orientalis is an East Palearctic species of hairstreak butterfly found in China, Amur, Ussuri, Kunashir, Japan, and Korea.	Favonius orientalis	species
taxon rank	Chironius is a genus of New World colubrid snakes, commonly called sipos (from the Portuguese word cipó for liana), savanes, or sometimes vine snakes.	Chironius	genus
taxon rank	Pantanodon is a genus of poeciliids native to East Africa and Madagascar.	Pantanodon	genus
taxon rank	Chaetocnema hortensis is a species of flea beetle from Chrysomelidae family.	Chaetocnema hortensis	species
taxon rank	Ecsenius bathi, known commonly as the Bath's comb-tooth, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western central Pacific ocean.	Ecsenius bathi	species
taxon rank	Emarginula crassa, the thick slit limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets.	Emarginula crassa	species
taxon rank	Poa siphonoglossa is a rare species of grass known by the common names Kauai bluegrass and island bluegrass.	Poa siphonoglossa	species
taxon rank	Leucothoe fontanesiana, the highland doghobble, fetter-bush, mountain doghobble or switch ivy, is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae, native to the southeastern United States.	Leucothoe fontanesiana	species
taxon rank	Craugastor yucatanensis, also known as the Yucatan robber frog or Yucatan rainfrog, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor yucatanensis	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces coeruleofuscus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil ind Daghestan.	Streptomyces coeruleofuscus	species
taxon rank	Sandhill Milkweed (Asclepias humistrata) is a species of milkweed plant.	Asclepias humistrata	species
taxon rank	Rhamphochromis ferox is a species of piscivorous cichlid endemic to deep waters of Lake Malawi and the upper reaches of the Shire River.	Rhamphochromis ferox	species
taxon rank	Pterolonchidae is a small family of moths in the superfamily Gelechioidea.	Pterolonchidae	family
taxon rank	Camellia reticulata (syn. C. heterophylla) is a species of Camellia native to southwestern China, in Yunnan Province.	Camellia reticulata	species
taxon rank	Brachioteuthis is a genus of squid comprising five species.	Brachioteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Tinkerbella is a genus of fairy wasps, containing the single species T. nana from Costa Rica.	Tinkerbella	species
taxon rank	Hauerinidae is a large and diverse family of miliolid forams (Loeblich & Tappan, 1988) that includes genera distributed among various subfamilies in the Treatise (Loelich &Tappan 1964) as well as genera named and described since.	Hauerinidae	family
taxon rank	Batocera boisduvali, the Great Fig Tree Borer, is a species of flat-faced longhorns beetle belonging to the Cerambycidae family, Lamiinae subfamily.	Batocera boisduvali	species
taxon rank	Oroya aurora is a moth in the Dalceridae family, and the only species in the genus Oroya.	Oroya aurora	species
taxon rank	Thymus herba-barona is a species of thyme native to Corsica, Sardinia, and Majorca.	Thymus herba-barona	species
taxon rank	Citharoides is a genus of citharid flounders native to the Indian and West Pacific Oceans.	Citharoides	genus
taxon rank	Istiodactylidae is a small family of pterosaurs.	Istiodactylidae	family
taxon rank	Shaw Mayer's water rat (Baiyankamys shawmayeri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Shaw Mayer's water rat	species
taxon rank	Anabarilius macrolepis was a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Anabarilius that was endemic to Yilong Lake.	Anabarilius macrolepis	species
taxon rank	Rosa davidii also known as Father David's rose, is a rose species in the Rosaceae family, originating from western to central China and South-East Tibet in altitudes between 1600 and 3000 m above sea level.	Rosa davidii	species
taxon rank	Micranthes is a genus of flowering plants in the saxifrage family.	Micranthes	genus
taxon rank	Pheidole purpurea is a dimorphic species of ant found in Mexico and Central America.	Pheidole purpurea	species
taxon rank	Darwinia glaucophylla is a plant species that is endemic to the Gosford area in the Australian state of New South Wales.	Darwinia glaucophylla	species
taxon rank	Malus sublobata is the botanical name for the yellow autumn crabapple, it is a species of the genus malus in the family Rosaceae, native to Japan.	Malus sublobata	species
taxon rank	Thorius schmidti (common name: Schmidt's pigmy salamander) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Thorius schmidti	species
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys canescens is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name valley popcornflower.	Plagiobothrys canescens	species
taxon rank	Lampranthus roseus, the rosy dewplant, is an evergreen species of flowering succulent plant in the Aizoaceae family.	Lampranthus roseus	species
taxon rank	Papilio chitondensis is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Angola.	Papilio chitondensis	species
taxon rank	Phacelia cryptantha is a species of flowering plant in the borage family, Boraginaceae, known by the common name hiddenflower phacelia.	Phacelia cryptantha	species
taxon rank	The Empire Cave Pseudoscorpion (Fissilicreagris imperialis) is a species of arachnid in family Neobisiidae.	Fissilicreagris imperialis	species
taxon rank	Grindelia lanceolata is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Narrowleaf gumweed.	Grindelia lanceolata	species
taxon rank	Gabanellia is an extinct genus of bony fish from the Late Triassic.	Gabanellia	genus
taxon rank	Vesperus jertensis is a species of brown coloured beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to Spain.	Vesperus jertensis	species
taxon rank	Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae, commonly known as the spring beauty rust, is a species of rust fungus found in North America.	Puccinia mariae-wilsoniae	species
taxon rank	The genus Monobaatar (Kielan-Jaworowska, Dashzeveg & Trofimov, 1987) is known from the species Monobaatar mimicus, which itself is very poorly known.	Monobaatar	species
taxon rank	Cyathea apiculata is a species of tree fern native to Sumatra, where it grows in montane rain forest at an altitude of about 1800 m. The trunk is erect and usually 5 m tall or more.	Cyathea apiculata	species
taxon rank	Pouteria villamilii (also called White Nato) is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family.	Pouteria villamilii	species
taxon rank	Astragalus pycnostachyus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name marsh milkvetch.	Astragalus pycnostachyus	species
taxon rank	Potamogeton gramineus is a species of aquatic plant known by the common name various-leaved pondweed, variableleaf pondweed, grass-leaved pondweed or grassy pondweed, native to the northern hemisphere where it grows in shallow, clean water.	Potamogeton gramineus	species
taxon rank	Parcoblatta fulvescens, the fulvous wood cockroach, is a species of cockroach endemic to the United States and possibly Canada that measures around 13 mm (0.5 in) long.	Parcoblatta fulvescens	species
taxon rank	Astyris rosacea, common name the rosy northern dovesnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Astyris rosacea	species
taxon rank	Zyzzyx is a monospecific genus of sand wasp, containing a brightly colored, medium-sized species, Z. chilensis.	Zyzzyx	species
taxon rank	Pericasta virescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pericasta.	Pericasta virescens	species
taxon rank	Craspedopomatidae is a family of very small land snails with a gill and an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the informal group Architaenioglossa belonging to the clade Caenogastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Craspedopomatidae	family
taxon rank	Eugnathogobius siamensis is a species of goby.	Eugnathogobius siamensis	species
taxon rank	Dichotomanthes is a monotypic genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Rosaceae.	Dichotomanthes	genus
taxon rank	Lysapsus limellum, sometimes known as the Uruguay harlequin frog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in northern Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.	Lysapsus limellum	species
taxon rank	Senecio spartioides is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name broom-like ragwort.	Senecio spartioides	species
taxon rank	Rosa blanda, commonly known as the smooth rose, meadow/wild rose, or prairie rose, is a species of rose native to North America.	Rosa blanda	species
taxon rank	Penicillium soppii is a psychrotolerant species of the genus of Penicillium which produces cycloaspeptide A.	Penicillium soppii	species
taxon rank	Nature writer David Quammen has called Argiope appensa ``almost certainly one of the larger species'' which were encountered in vast numbers during his research trip to Guam for the book The Song of the Dodo.	Argiope appensa	species
taxon rank	Scissor macrocephalus is a species of characin endemic to Suriname.	Scissor macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	Tegenaria abchasica is a spider species found in Russia and Georgia.	Tegenaria abchasica	species
taxon rank	Trinacromerum is an extinct genus of sauropterygian reptile belonging to the plesiosaur suborder.	Trinacromerum	genus
taxon rank	Moray eels or Muraenidae are a family of cosmopolitan eels.	Moray eel	family
taxon rank	Ardeadoris angustolutea is a species of colourful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Chromodorididae.	Ardeadoris angustolutea	species
taxon rank	Onychognathus is a genus of starlings, most of which are found in Africa.	Onychognathus	genus
taxon rank	Cerbera is a genus of evergreen small trees or shrubs, native to tropical Asia, Australia, Madagascar,and various islands in the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Cerbera	genus
taxon rank	Echinodorus emersus is a species of plant in the Alismataceae from South America.	Echinodorus emersus	species
taxon rank	The Cerambyx cerdo, commonly known as great capricorn beetle, is a species of beetle in family Cerambycidae.	Cerambyx cerdo	species
taxon rank	Thrichocalydon havrylenkoi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Thrichocalydon.	Thrichocalydon	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe germanica is a species of psychedelic mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.	Psilocybe germanica	species
taxon rank	Parapeba lyciformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parapeba.	Parapeba lyciformis	species
taxon rank	Coccoloba diversifolia, commonly known as pigeonplum, doveplum, pigeon Seagrape or tietongue, is a species of the genus Coccoloba native to coastal areas of the Caribbean, Central America (Belize, Guatemala), southern Mexico, southern Florida (coastal regions from Cape Canaveral to the Florida Keys) and The Bahamas.	Coccoloba diversifolia	species
taxon rank	Pseudepipona is a genus of potter wasps found in the Palearctic, Nearctic, Afrotropical and Australian regions.	Pseudepipona	genus
taxon rank	Leiopelma auroraensis, known as the Aurora frog, is an extinct species of frog that was found in New Zealand.	Leiopelma auroraensis	species
taxon rank	In terms of the species itself, Austrolestes colensonis is the largest damselfly in New Zealand, with an average length of 40 to 47 millimeters.	Austrolestes colensonis	species
taxon rank	Euconulus fulvus is a species of very small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Euconulus fulvus	species
taxon rank	Chromodoris tenuis is a species of colorful sea slug, a marine gastropod mollusk, a nudibranch in the family Chromodorididae.	Chromodoris tenuis	species
taxon rank	Enterococcus avium, a species of Enterococcus, is most commonly found in birds.	Enterococcus avium	species
taxon rank	It is the sole species of the genus Gomortega and, according to the APG II system of 2003 (unchanged from the APG system of 1998), of the monotypic family Gomortegaceae, assigned to the order Laurales in the clade magnoliids.	Gomortega	species
taxon rank	Phacelia inyoensis, the common name Inyo phacelia, is an uncommon species of phacelia.	Phacelia inyoensis	species
taxon rank	Protitanichthys is a genus of comparatively large coccosteid arthrodire placoderm from the Middle Devonian of the eastern United States.	Protitanichthys	genus
taxon rank	The spider species Plebs eburnus is commonly referred to as the Eastern Grass Orb-weaver or the Eastern Bush Orb-weaver, and sometimes more simply the Bush Orb-weaver.	Plebs eburnus	species
taxon rank	Uroleptus lamella is a species of protozoans.	Uroleptus lamella	species
taxon rank	Pandanus is a genus of monocots with some 750 accepted species.	Pandanus	genus
taxon rank	Jatropha integerrima, commonly known as Peregrina or Spicy Jatropha, is a species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to Cuba and Hispaniola.	Jatropha integerrima	species
taxon rank	Lewisia longipetala is a rare species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common names long-petalled lewisia and Truckee lewisia.	Lewisia longipetala	species
taxon rank	Athous haemorrhoidalis is a species of European and Asian click beetle in the genus Athous.	Athous haemorrhoidalis	species
taxon rank	The Buccinidae are a very large and diverse taxonomic family of large sea snails, often known as whelks or true whelks.	Buccinidae	family
taxon rank	Aploactis aspera, the Dusky Velvetfish, is a species of velvetfish native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Aploactis aspera	species
taxon rank	Calliprason elegans is a longhorn beetle species in the genus Calliprason.	Calliprason elegans	species
taxon rank	Heteroponera imbellis is a species of ant, in the genus Heteroponera.	Heteroponera imbellis	species
taxon rank	Oecomys phaeotis, also known as the dusky arboreal rice rat or dusky oecomys, is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae.	Oecomys phaeotis	species
taxon rank	Tilapia busumana is a species of cichlid native to Lake Bosumtwi, the Bia River Basin, the Pra River Basin and the Tano River Basin in Ghana and Côte d'Ivoire.	Tilapia busumana	species
taxon rank	Spirobolellus simplex is a species of millipede in the family Spirobolidae.	Spirobolellus simplex	species
taxon rank	Argyrotaenia kimballi, Kimball's Leafroller Moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Argyrotaenia kimballi	species
taxon rank	Matsuichthys aequipinnis is a species of tubeshoulder found only in the Sulu Sea.	Matsuichthys aequipinnis	species
taxon rank	Acacia cincinnata, also known as the Daintree wattle, is a species of leguminous trees of the plant family Fabaceae, found naturally in north eastern Queensland.	Acacia cincinnata	species
taxon rank	Arctagrostis is a genus of Arctic and Subarctic plants in the grass family, native to colder parts of Europe, Asia, and North America.	Arctagrostis	genus
taxon rank	Mentzelia albicaulis is a species of flowering plants in the family Loasaceae known by the common name whitestem blazing star, small flowered blazing star, white stemmed stickleaf.	Mentzelia albicaulis	species
taxon rank	Mordellistena pontica is a species of beetle in the Mordellistena genus and is in the Mordellidae family.	Mordellistena pontica	species
taxon rank	Apocleinae are a subfamily of assassin fly.	Apocleinae	subfamily
taxon rank	It is so distinct from other species that it was placed in its own genus, Irenomys, in 1919.	Irenomys	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Ascosorus floridanus.	Ascosorus	species
taxon rank	The Niceforo's wren (Thryophilus nicefori) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family.	Niceforo's wren	species
taxon rank	Gephyrostegus is an extinct genus of gephyrostegid reptiliomorph amphibian.	Gephyrostegus	genus
taxon rank	Antennaria corymbosa is a North American species of flowering plants in the daisy family known by the common name flat-top pussytoes or meadow pussytoes.	Antennaria corymbosa	species
taxon rank	Penicillium herquei is an anamorph, filamentous species of the genus of Penicillium which produces citreorosein, emodin, hualyzin, herquline B, janthinone, citrinin and duclauxin,.	Penicillium herquei	species
taxon rank	Conchapelopia seoulpia is a species of fly belonging to the family Chironomidae (the non-biting midges).	Conchapelopia seoulpia	species
taxon rank	Tomistominae is a subfamily of crocodylians that includes one living species, the false gharial.	Tomistominae	subfamily
taxon rank	Euperipatoides kanangrensis is a species of velvet worm of the Peripatopsidae family, described in 1996 from specimens collected in Kanangra-Boyd National Park, New South Wales.	Euperipatoides kanangrensis	species
taxon rank	Plagiolirion is a genus of Colombian plants in the Amaryllis family.	Plagiolirion	genus
taxon rank	Parmenopsis caucasica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parmenopsis.	Parmenopsis caucasica	species
taxon rank	Isodendrion pyrifolium is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name wahine noho kula.	Isodendrion pyrifolium	species
taxon rank	Isophyllia sinuosa, the sinuous cactus coral, is a species of stony coral in the family Mussidae.	Isophyllia sinuosa	species
taxon rank	Cheilotheca is a small genus of myco-heterotrophic plants in the heath family (Ericaceae).	Cheilotheca	genus
taxon rank	Zinowiewia costaricensis is a species of tree in the Celastraceae family.	Zinowiewia costaricensis	species
taxon rank	Anthelia glauca, the giant anthelia, is a species of soft coral in the family Xeniidae.	Anthelia glauca	species
taxon rank	Velocipes (meaning ``quick foot'') is a possible theropod dinosaur genus from the Late Triassic.	Velocipes	genus
taxon rank	Empetrum nigrum, crowberry, black crowberry, or, in western Alaska, blackberry, is a flowering plant species in the heather family Ericaceae with a circumboreal distribution.	Empetrum nigrum	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Chondroderris nevadensis.	Chondroderris	species
taxon rank	Pelagic pipefish, Syngnathus phlegon, is a pipefish species, inhabits the Mediterranean Sea and closed part of the Atlantic Ocean.	Pelagic pipefish	species
taxon rank	Penicillium polonicum is a species of the genus of Penicillium which produces penicillic acid, verucosidin, patulin, anacine, 3-methoxyviridicatin and glycopeptides.	Penicillium polonicum	species
taxon rank	Boltonia asteroides, the white doll's daisy, false chamomile, or false aster, is a species of plant native to the United States and Canada.	Boltonia asteroides	species
taxon rank	Sphaeroma is a genus of aquatic isopod crustaceans, part of the family Sphaeromatidae.	Sphaeroma	genus
taxon rank	Nucula is a genus of very small saltwater clams.	Nucula	genus
taxon rank	Mimohippopsis inaequalis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimohippopsis.	Mimohippopsis inaequalis	species
taxon rank	Adesmia balsamica is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Adesmia balsamica	species
taxon rank	Genista canariensis is a species of broom known by the common name Canary broom, or Canary Islands broom.	Genista canariensis	species
taxon rank	The Aulacidae are a small, cosmopolitan family, with two extant genera containing some 200 known species.	Aulacidae	family
taxon rank	Orthalicus reses, common name the Stock Island, Florida tree snail, is a species of large tropical air-breathing land snail, a tree snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.	Orthalicus reses	species
taxon rank	Mycalesis perseoides is a species of Satyrine butterfly (family Nymphalidae) found in Asia (Burma, Thailand, Langkawi Island, Peninsular Malaya, Indochina, Yunnan)	Mycalesis perseoides	species
taxon rank	Cochliobolus lunatus is the most commonly reported species in clinical cases of reported Cochliobolus infection.	Cochliobolus lunatus	species
taxon rank	Diglossopis was a genus of blue flowerpiercers in the family Thraupidae.	Diglossopis	genus
taxon rank	Cliona californiana is a species of demosponge belonging the family Clionaidae.	Cliona californiana	species
taxon rank	Lamellaria ophione is a species of small, slug-like sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Velutinidae.	Lamellaria ophione	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma robustum is a species of armored catfish native to the La Plata Basin of Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.	Sturisoma robustum	species
taxon rank	Piptocoma, common name velvetshrub, is a genus of Caribbean and Latin American plants in the evil tribe within the daisy family.	Piptocoma	genus
taxon rank	Geissorhiza is a genus of about 80 species of deciduous perennial flowering plants in the iris family first described as a genus in 1803.	Geissorhiza	genus
taxon rank	Cerastoderma glaucum, commonly known as the lagoon cockle, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Cerastoderma glaucum	species
taxon rank	Archaeamphora longicervia is an extinct species of flowering plant and the only member of the genus Archaeamphora.	Archaeamphora	species
taxon rank	Lecanicillium muscarium is the approved name of an entomopathogenic fungus species, that was previously widely known as Verticillium lecanii (Zimmerman) Viegas), but is now understood to be an anamorphic form in the Cordyceps group of genera in the Cordycipitaceae.	Lecanicillium muscarium	species
taxon rank	Symphoricarpos guadalupensis, McKittrock's snowberry, is a rare North American species of plants in the honeysuckle family.	Symphoricarpos guadalupensis	species
taxon rank	Cheiracanthium punctorium, one of several species commonly known as the yellow sac spider, is a spider found from central Europe to Central Asia.	Cheiracanthium punctorium	species
taxon rank	Cupressus lusitanica, (cedro blanco; teotlate, distinctive names used in Mexico); cedro blanco means white cedar and is also known as Mexican white cedar or cedar-of-Goa, is a species of cypress native to Mexico and Central America (Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras).	Cupressus lusitanica	species
taxon rank	Luchuena hachijoensis is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Enidae.	Luchuena hachijoensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudomunida fragilis is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Chirostylidae.	Pseudomunida	species
taxon rank	Qianxisaurus is an extinct genus of pachypleurosaur or alternatively a basal eosauropterygian known from the Middle Triassic (Ladinian age) of Guizhou Province, southwestern China.	Qianxisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Laminaria is a genus of 31 species of brown algae commonly called ``kelp''.	Laminaria	genus
taxon rank	Listerella paradoxa is a slime mould species from the subclass Myxogastria and the only member of its genus as well as the family Listerelliidae.	Listerella paradoxa	species
taxon rank	Ochrobactrum oryzae is an endophytic bacterial species.	Ochrobactrum oryzae	species
taxon rank	Cycloloma is a monotypic genus which contains the sole species Cycloloma atriplicifolium, which is known by the common names winged pigweed, tumble ringwing, plains tumbleweed, and tumble-weed.	Cycloloma	species
taxon rank	Balanophyllia is a genus of solitary corals in the family of stony corals.	Balanophyllia	genus
taxon rank	The Sphaerosepalaceae are a family of flowering plants including 14 species of trees and shrubs in two genera, Dialyceras and Rhopalocarpus, all of which are endemic to Madagascar.	Sphaerosepalaceae	family
taxon rank	Spironemidae is a family of heterotrophic flagellates.	Spironemidae	family
taxon rank	Choristoneura parallela, the parallel-banded leafroller moth, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Choristoneura parallela	species
taxon rank	Arabis serotina is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name shale barren rockcress.	Arabis serotina	species
taxon rank	Psarolepis (/sæˈrɒlɨpɨs/; psārolepis, from Greek ψαρός 'speckled' and λεπίς 'scale') is a genus of extinct lobe-finned fish which lived around 397 to 418 million years ago (Pridoli to Lochkovian stages).	Psarolepis	genus
taxon rank	Campylomormyrus is a genus of elephantfish, one of twenty in the family Mormyridae.	Campylomormyrus	genus
taxon rank	Cytora ampla is a species of small land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusc in the family Pupinidae.	Cytora ampla	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea candida is a species of orchid endemic to southern tropical America (Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela).	Stanhopea candida	species
taxon rank	Helenium flexuosum is a North American plant species in the daisy family known by the common name purple sneezeweed.	Helenium flexuosum	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum siskiyouense is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Siskiyou buckwheat.	Eriogonum siskiyouense	species
taxon rank	Pterotragula leucoloma is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pterotragula.	Pterotragula leucoloma	species
taxon rank	Danthonioideae is a mainly southern hemisphere subfamily of grasses, containing the single tribe Danthonieae and three unplaced genera, with altogether roughly 300 species.	Danthonioideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Aspidiotus is a genus of armoured scale insects.	Aspidiotus	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus gilmanii is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Gilman's milkvetch.	Astragalus gilmanii	species
taxon rank	Anastrangalia sanguinolenta is a species of flower longhorn beetles belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lepturinae.	Anastrangalia sanguinolenta	species
taxon rank	Grevillea juncifolia, commonly known as Honeysuckle Grevillea, is a shrub or small tree species that is native to inland Australia.	Grevillea juncifolia	species
taxon rank	Pseudunela cornuta is a species of minute sea slug, an acochlidian, a shell-less marine and temporarily brackish gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudunelidae.	Pseudunela cornuta	species
taxon rank	Nassarius glans, common name the acorn dog whelk, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius glans	species
taxon rank	Brickellia baccharidea (resinleaf brickellbush) is a North American species of shrubs in the sunflower family.	Brickellia baccharidea	species
taxon rank	De Brazza's monkey is a sexually dimorphic species; males weigh around 7 kilograms, while females weigh around 4 kilograms.	De Brazza's monkey	species
taxon rank	Cardamine breweri is a species of cardamine known by the common name Brewer's bittercress.	Cardamine breweri	species
taxon rank	Correa reflexa var. nummulariifolia, also known as Roundleaf Correa, is a variety of Correa reflexa endemic to Tasmania in Australia.	Correa reflexa var. nummulariifolia	variety
taxon rank	Diandrochloa is a genus of plants in the family Poaceae.	Diandrochloa	genus
taxon rank	Eriodictyon trichocalyx is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name hairy yerba santa.	Eriodictyon trichocalyx	species
taxon rank	It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Pegleromyces collybioides, found in Brazil and described as new to science by mycologist Rolf Singer in 1981.	Pegleromyces	species
taxon rank	Rhaphischismatidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superorder Vetigastropoda.	Rhaphischismatidae	family
taxon rank	Alcidodes porosus is a species of beetle belonging to the true weevil family.	Alcidodes porosus	species
taxon rank	Huntoniatonia is genus of trilobites, an extinct group of marine arthropods of average to large size (up to 15 cm long).	Huntoniatonia	genus
taxon rank	Neofreocorus novaki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neofreocorus.	Neofreocorus novaki	species
taxon rank	Chamaebryum is a genus of moss in the family Gigaspermaceae; it contains the single species Chamaebryum pottioides.	Chamaebryum	species
taxon rank	Dolomena plicata, common name the pigeon conch, is a species of medium-sized to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Dolomena plicata	species
taxon rank	Grevillea buxifolia, commonly known as the grey spider flower, is a species of the family Proteaceae.	Grevillea buxifolia	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops rostratus, or Bocage's blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops rostratus	species
taxon rank	The family Peramuridae is a possible ancestor of early therians.	Peramuridae	family
taxon rank	Chrysosplenium iowense is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name Iowa golden-saxifrage.	Chrysosplenium iowense	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Brasiliopuntia brasiliensis.	Brasiliopuntia	species
taxon rank	Persicaria bistorta (bistort, common bistort, or meadow bistort) is a species of flowering plant native to Europe and north and west Asia.	Persicaria bistorta	species
taxon rank	Valeriana alypifolia is a species of plant in the family Caprifoliaceae.	Valeriana alypifolia	species
taxon rank	Penicillium commune is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs in dry-cured meat products and cheese.	Penicillium commune	species
taxon rank	Menticirrhus americanus, the southern kingfish, southern kingcroaker, the king whiting, the Carolina whiting, or the sea mullet, is a species of marine fish in the family Sciaenidae.	Menticirrhus americanus	species
taxon rank	Acronia luzonica is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Asia it is endemic to the Philippines.	Acronia luzonica	species
taxon rank	The Buffalo sculpin, scientific name Enophrys bison, is a species of saltwater fish, a sculpin.	Enophrys bison	species
taxon rank	Commonly known as Philippine downy mildew, this disease is caused by the species Peronosclerospora philippinensis of the fungal-like protist class Oomycetes, which also has members such as water molds and Phytophthora infestans, which caused the potato blight that led to the Great Irish famine.	Peronosclerospora philippinensis	species
taxon rank	Radinosiphon is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae first described as a genus in 1932.	Radinosiphon	genus
taxon rank	Anisopodus curvipes is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Martins in 1974.	Anisopodus curvipes	species
taxon rank	Schiedea stellarioides is a rare species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name lau lihilihi.	Schiedea stellarioides	species
taxon rank	Brasiliothelphusa tapajoensis is a species of freshwater crabs in the family Pseudothelphusidae, and the only species in the genus Brasiliothelphusa.	Brasiliothelphusa	species
taxon rank	Cleome rutidosperma commonly known as Fringed Spider Flower or Purple Cleome is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cleome of the family Cleomaceae, native to Tropical Africa.	Cleome rutidosperma	species
taxon rank	Nebria turmaduodecima is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to US state of California.	Nebria turmaduodecima	species
taxon rank	Magyarus is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with a single species, described from a single male specimen from Vietnam.	Magyarus	species
taxon rank	Scaphophyllum speciosum is a species of plant in the family Solenostomataceae.	Scaphophyllum speciosum	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus longirostris, the longbeak buttercup, is a plant species of the genus Ranunculus.	Ranunculus longirostris	species
taxon rank	Lophiostoma is a genus of fungi in the family Lophiostomataceae.	Lophiostoma	genus
taxon rank	Strauzia rugosum is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Strauzia of the family Tephritidae.	Strauzia rugosum	species
taxon rank	Antrodiaetus is a spider genus in the family Antrodiaetidae with species found in the United States and Japan.	Antrodiaetus	genus
taxon rank	Athroostachys is a Brazilian genus of bamboo in the grass family.	Athroostachys	genus
taxon rank	Halodule pinifolia is a seagrass species in the genus Halodule.	Halodule pinifolia	species
taxon rank	Frigidorchis is a genus of terrestrial orchids endemic to the Qinghai region of southern China.	Frigidorchis	genus
taxon rank	Drimia maritima (syn. Urginea maritima) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Scilloideae (formerly the family Hyacinthaceae).	Drimia maritima	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe cyanescens (sometimes referred to as wavy caps or as the potent Psilocybe) is a species of potent psychedelic mushroom.	Psilocybe cyanescens	species
taxon rank	Bullia annulata, common name the annulated plough shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Bullia annulata	species
taxon rank	Proustia is a genus of flowering plants in the gerbera tribe daisy family, native to South America and the West Indies.	Proustia	genus
taxon rank	Psychotria poeppigiana is a plant species in the family Rubiaceae; a common name is sore-mouth bush, though it is not very often used.	Psychotria poeppigiana	species
taxon rank	Peristrominous dolosus, the Deceitful velvetfish, is a species of velvetfish endemic to the oceans around Australia.	Peristrominous dolosus	species
taxon rank	Eresus rotundiceps is a spider species found in Ukraine and Turkmenistan.	Eresus rotundiceps	species
taxon rank	Trachischium guentheri, commonly known as the rosebelly worm-eating snake or Günther's Oriental slender snake, is a species of colubrid snake, which is endemic to Asia.	Trachischium guentheri	species
taxon rank	Hsisosuchus is an extinct genus of crocodyliform from China.	Hsisosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Packera antennariifolia, the shale barren ragwort, is a species of the genus Packera and family Asteraceae.	Packera antennariifolia	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium pratericola is a species of flowering plant in the goosefoot family known by the common name desert goosefoot.	Chenopodium pratericola	species
taxon rank	``The nautiloid cephalopod order Ascocerida in the British Silurian''.	Ascocerida	order
taxon rank	The Turkestan rat (Rattus pyctoris) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Turkestan rat	species
taxon rank	Palpopleura portia, the Portia Widow, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Palpopleura portia	species
taxon rank	Calliophis intestinalis, commonly known as the banded Malaysian coral snake, is a species of venomous elapid snake endemic to Southeast Asia.	Calliophis intestinalis	species
taxon rank	Archezoa was a kingdom proposed by Thomas Cavalier-Smith for eukaryotes that diverged before the origin of mitochondria.	Archezoa	kingdom
taxon rank	Draco norvillii, also known as Norvill's flying lizard, is species of agamid flying lizard endemic to India.	Draco norvillii	species
taxon rank	Palaemonidae is a family of shrimp in the order Decapoda.	Palaemonidae	family
taxon rank	Diplovertebron is an extinct genus of Anthracosauria (Labyrinthodont) that lived in the Late Carboniferous period (Moscovian) (300 million years ago).	Diplovertebron	genus
taxon rank	Arabis kennedyae, the Troodos Rockcress, is a species of flowering plant in the Brassicaceae family.	Arabis kennedyae	species
taxon rank	Enterobacter is a genus of common Gram-negative, facultatively anaerobic, rod-shaped, non-spore-forming bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.	Enterobacter	genus
taxon rank	Missulena torbayensis is a species of spider belonging to the family Actinopodidae.	Missulena torbayensis	species
taxon rank	Microsorum scandens, commonly called fragrant fern is a species of fern within the Polypodiaceae family.	Microsorum scandens	species
taxon rank	Baphetes is an extinct genus of tetrapod.	Baphetes	genus
taxon rank	Bathyraja leucomelanos or domino skate is a species of softnose skate, closely related to Bathyraja spinicauda.	Bathyraja leucomelanos	species
taxon rank	Alsodes kaweshkari is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to southern Chile where it is known from two localities (Puerto Edén and Seno Huemules).	Alsodes kaweshkari	species
taxon rank	Nesticella is a genus of spiders that occurs from Russia to Japan, down to Indonesia and several other islands, including New Guinea.	Nesticella	genus
taxon rank	Boletus barragensis is a species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae native to Australia.	Boletus barragensis	species
taxon rank	Masteria is a genus of mygalomorph spiders that occurs in the tropics of Central to South America, Asia and Micronesia, with one species found in Australia.	Masteria	genus
taxon rank	Tetrachondra is a plant genus and a member of the family Tetrachondraceae.	Tetrachondra	genus
taxon rank	Carphophis vermis (common name western worm snake) is a species of small, nonvenomous colubrid snake native to the United States.	Carphophis vermis	species
taxon rank	Ruellia is a genus of flowering plants commonly known as ruellias or wild petunias.	Ruellia	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces malaysiensis is a streptomycete bacterium species.	Streptomyces malaysiensis	species
taxon rank	Ceratophyllidia papilligera (commonly referred to as the Black Spotted Nudibranch) is a species of sea slugs, dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine gastropod mollusc in the family Phyllidiidae.	Ceratophyllidia papilligera	species
taxon rank	Clupeonella is a genus of fish in the Clupeidae family.	Clupeonella	genus
taxon rank	Plioplatecarpinae is a subfamily of mosasaurs, a diverse group of late Cretaceous marine squamates.	Plioplatecarpinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Acheilognathus barbatulus is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish in the genus Acheilognathus.	Acheilognathus barbatulus	species
taxon rank	Acartauchenius desertus is a species of sheet weaver found in Kazakhstan.	Acartauchenius desertus	species
taxon rank	Fissurella virescens, common name the green Panama keyhole limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Fissurella virescens	species
taxon rank	Artemisia pallens is a preferred food for the larvae of a number of butterfly species.	Artemisia pallens	species
taxon rank	Melica bonariensis, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Argentina where it can be found in such provinces as Buenos Aires (Bahía Blanca), La Pampa, and Rio Negro.	Melica bonariensis	species
taxon rank	Genista tinctoria (dyer's greenweed or dyer's broom) is a species of flowering plant of the family Fabaceae, native to meadows and pastures in Europe and Turkey.	Genista tinctoria	species
taxon rank	Thuarea is a genus of plants in the grass family, native to Asia, Africa, Australia, and various islands of the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Thuarea	genus
taxon rank	Bossiaea walkeri, also known as Cactus Bossiaea or Cactus Pea, is a species of flowering plant in the pea family (Fabaceae).	Bossiaea walkeri	species
taxon rank	Parasicydium bandama is a species of goby native to fast-flowing streams and rivers of Middle Africa and the Ivory Coast.	Parasicydium bandama	species
taxon rank	Musa bukensis is a species of wild banana (genus Musa) from the Solomon Islands.	Musa bukensis	species
taxon rank	Phyllogobius platycephalops, the Slender spongegoby, is a species of goby native to the western Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it occurs on reefs at depths of from 2 to 18 metres (6.6 to 59.1 ft).	Phyllogobius platycephalops	species
taxon rank	The flowering plant genus Ipheion (starflower, spring starflower) belongs to Allioideae subfamily of the Amaryllidaceae family.	Ipheion	genus
taxon rank	Geranium pratense, the meadow crane's-bill or meadow geranium, is a species of hardy flowering herbaceous perennial plant in the genus Geranium and family Geraniaceae.	Geranium pratense	species
taxon rank	Okenia leachii is a species of sea slug, a Dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Goniodorididae.	Okenia leachii	species
taxon rank	Eastmanalepes primaevus is an extinct species of prehistoric jack fish that lived from the Lutetian epoch, of what is now Monte Bolca, Italy.	Eastmanalepes	species
taxon rank	Dracula vampira is an epiphytic orchid species, endemic to Ecuador.	Dracula vampira	species
taxon rank	Icelastatis galerucoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Icelastatis.	Icelastatis galerucoides	species
taxon rank	Chrysoperla lucasina is a species of Neuropteran belonging to the family Chrysopidae (subfamily Chrysopinae).	Chrysoperla lucasina	species
taxon rank	Arctomecon merriamii is a species of poppy known by several common names, including desert bearpoppy, white bearpoppy, and great bearclaw poppy.	Arctomecon merriamii	species
taxon rank	Geminigeraceae is a family of cryptophytes containing the five genera Geminigera, Guillardia, Hanusia, Proteomonas and Teleaulax.	Geminigeraceae	family
taxon rank	Aponogeton azureus is a species of plant in the Aponogetonaceae family.	Aponogeton azureus	species
taxon rank	Calosoma elegans is a ground beetle species in the genus Calosoma found in Kazakhstan.	Calosoma elegans	species
taxon rank	Conus crocatus, common name the saffron cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus crocatus	species
taxon rank	Gwawinapterus is a genus of Mesozoic animal known from a single fossil specimen, representing the single species Gwawinapterus beardi, from the late Cretaceous period of British Columbia, Canada.	Gwawinapterus	genus
taxon rank	Gnophos dumetata, the Irish annulet, is a species of moth in the family Geometridae.	Gnophos dumetata	species
taxon rank	The family Psittacidae is one of three families of true parrots, and consists of two subfamilies, the Old World or Afrotropical parrots of Psittacinae) and the New World or Neotropical parrots of Arinae.	Psittacidae	family
taxon rank	Emeryopone is a small genus of ants in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Emeryopone	genus
taxon rank	Neotogaria is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Thyatirinae.	Neotogaria	genus
taxon rank	Nebria lyelli is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to the U.S. state of California.	Nebria lyelli	species
taxon rank	Mesocapromys is a genus of rodent in the family Capromyidae.	Mesocapromys	genus
taxon rank	Billia is a genus of two species of tree native to the Americas, from central Mexico to Ecuador.	Billia	genus
taxon rank	Botryosphaeria disrupta is a plant pathogen that causes canker and dieback in several important plant species such as mango and avocado.	Botryosphaeria disrupta	species
taxon rank	Excessive economic exploitation as well as the shrinking and degradation of its habitat have made the Polish cochineal a rare species.	Polish cochineal	species
taxon rank	Xenotaenia resolanae, the Leopard Splitfin, is a species of splitfin endemic to Mexico where it is found in the Purificación and Marabasco River basins.	Xenotaenia resolanae	species
taxon rank	Codringtonia neocrassa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Codringtonia neocrassa	species
taxon rank	Cheloderus childreni is a species of beetle belonging to the family Oxypeltidae.	Cheloderus childreni	species
taxon rank	Joldagiroceras is an orthocerid genus that lived during the Late Silurian, Ludlovian stage.	Joldagiroceras	genus
taxon rank	Chorthippus scalaris, the Large mountain grasshopper, is a species of 'short-horned grasshoppers' belonging to the family Acrididae subfamily Gomphocerinae.	Chorthippus scalaris	species
taxon rank	Hololepta aequalis is a species of beetle belonging to the Histeridae family.	Hololepta aequalis	species
taxon rank	Reicheltia halsteadi, Halstead's toadfish, is a species of pufferfish endemic to Australia.	Reicheltia halsteadi	species
taxon rank	Harpalus apache is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Harpalinae.	Harpalus apache	species
taxon rank	Ribes erythrocarpum is an uncommon North American species of currant known by the common name Crater Lake currant.	Ribes erythrocarpum	species
taxon rank	Rhinophis tricolorata is a species of snake in the Uropeltidae family.	Rhinophis tricolorata	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum parvifolium is a species in the Polygonaceae family that occurs on dune formations in the coastal area of Central and Southern California.	Eriogonum parvifolium	species
taxon rank	The Pseudostigmatidae are a family of tropical damselflies, known as helicopter damselflies, giant damselflies, or forest giants.	Pseudostigmatidae	family
taxon rank	Callisia gentlei is a species of flowering plant in the spiderwort family, Commelinaceae, that is native to southern Mexico, Guatemala, Belize, and Honduras.	Callisia gentlei	species
taxon rank	Arisaema erubescens is a flowering plant species in the genus Arisaema, endemic to Nepal.	Arisaema erubescens	species
taxon rank	Serrivomer is a genus of deep-sea eel in the family Serrivomeridae.	Serrivomer	genus
taxon rank	Plagiobothrys arizonicus is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Arizona popcornflower.	Plagiobothrys arizonicus	species
taxon rank	Dictyoptera (from Ancient Greek diktuon ``net'' + pteron ``wing'') is an insect superorder that includes two orders of polyneopterous insects - the termites and cockroaches (both order: Blattodea) along with the mantids (order: Mantodea).	Dictyoptera	superorder
taxon rank	Aralia elata is closely related to the American species Aralia spinosa, with which it is easily confused.	Aralia elata	species
taxon rank	The Cuban high-crested toad or Gundlach's Caribbean toad (Peltophryne gundlachi, in Spanish saptito matraca) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae that is endemic to Cuba.	Cuban high-crested toad	species
taxon rank	Arrhamphus sclerolepis is the only species in the genus Arrhamphus of halfbeak found in coastal waters of the Indo-West Pacific around Papua New Guinea and Australia, and in the freshwaters of adjacent river systems.	Arrhamphus sclerolepis	species
taxon rank	Rathbunella is a genus of ronquils native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Rathbunella	genus
taxon rank	Eimeria maxima is a species of Eimeria that causes coccidiosis in poultry.	Eimeria maxima	species
taxon rank	Dudleya verityi is a rare species of succulent plant known by the common name Verity's liveforever.	Dudleya verityi	species
taxon rank	Pubescibidion pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pubescibidion.	Pubescibidion	species
taxon rank	The Nautilida constitute a large and diverse order of generally coiled nautiloid cephalopods that began in the mid Paleozoic and continues to the present with a single family, the Nautilidae which includes two genera, Nautilus and Allonautilus, with six species.	Nautilida	order
taxon rank	Metanephrops mozambicus (commonly known as the African lobster) is a species of lobster that lives around south-east of Madagascar.	Metanephrops mozambicus	species
taxon rank	Agnotherium is an extinct genus of large terrestrial carnivores belonging to the suborder Caniformia, family Amphicyonidae (``bear dog''), and which inhabited Euroasia and North Africa from the Early Miocene subepoch to the Middle Miocene subepoch 16.9--11.6 Mya, existing for approximately 5.3 million years.	Agnotherium	genus
taxon rank	Opsilia molybdaena is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family, that can be found in North Africa, South and Southeast Europe.	Opsilia molybdaena	species
taxon rank	Eimeria bufomarini is a species of coccidium, known to infect the epithelial cells of the intestines of Brazilian Cane Toads.	Eimeria bufomarini	species
taxon rank	Paragunnellichthys is a genus of wormfishes native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Paragunnellichthys	genus
taxon rank	Campylobacter coli is a Gram-negative, microaerophilic, non-endospore forming, S-shaped bacterial species within genus Campylobacter.	Campylobacter coli	species
taxon rank	Crataegus jonesae is a species of hawthorn native to New England.	Crataegus jonesae	species
taxon rank	Mitrophyllum is a genus of succulent plants of the family Aizoaceae, indigenous to the arid region around the Richtersveld, on the border of South Africa and Namibia.	Mitrophyllum	genus
taxon rank	The Argentine black and white tegu (Salvator merianae), also called the Argentine giant tegu, is the largest species of tegu lizard.	Argentine black and white tegu	species
taxon rank	Papilio paeon is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Costa Rica, Venezuela and Colombia.	Papilio paeon	species
taxon rank	Stephanomeria malheurensis, the Malheur wirelettuce, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Stephanomeria malheurensis	species
taxon rank	Pseudoeurycea tenchalli (common name: bearded salamander, in Spanish tlaconete con barba) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Pseudoeurycea tenchalli	species
taxon rank	Diasparactus is an extinct genus of diadectid amphibians, a group quite closely related to the amniotes, and paralleling some of their features.	Diasparactus	genus
taxon rank	Potamogeton octandrus is an aquatic plant species in the genus Potamogeton.	Potamogeton octandrus	species
taxon rank	Philodromus lividus is a spider species found in Europe (Portugal, France, Italy, Croatia) and North Africa (Morocco, Algeria).	Philodromus lividus	species
taxon rank	Scaglia's tuco-tuco (Ctenomys scagliai) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenomyidae.	Scaglia's tuco-tuco	species
taxon rank	Rhynchocymba is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Pleistocene epoch.	Rhynchocymba	genus
taxon rank	Chrysomantis tristis is a species of praying mantis endemic to Nigeria.	Chrysomantis tristis	species
taxon rank	Cyathea catillifera is a species of tree fern native to eastern New Guinea, where it grows in montane scrub at an altitude of about 2800 m and above.	Cyathea catillifera	species
taxon rank	Aphyosemion australe (Cape Lopez lyretail, lyretail panchax) is a species of freshwater fish belonging to the Nothobranchiidae family.	Aphyosemion australe	species
taxon rank	Senna armata is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names spiny senna and desert senna.	Senna armata	species
taxon rank	Juncus breweri is a species of rush known by the common name Brewer's rush.	Juncus breweri	species
taxon rank	Tritrichomonas is a genus of single celled flagellated protozoan parasites, some of whose species are known to be pathogens of the bovine reproductive tract as well as the intestinal tract of felines.	Tritrichomonas	genus
taxon rank	The Transvaal lion (Panthera leo krugeri), also known as Southeast African lion or Kalahari lion is a subspecies of the lion that lives in southern Africa, including Kruger National Park and the Kalahari Region.	Transvaal lion	subspecies
taxon rank	Luciopimelodus pati is a South American species of freshwater long-whiskered catfish that inhabits the basin of the Río de la Plata and the Blanco River of Argentina, Brazil and Paraguay.	Luciopimelodus pati	species
taxon rank	Atractaspis corpulenta, or the fat burrowing asp, is a species of snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis corpulenta	species
taxon rank	Acroneuria internata is a species of stonefly in the Perlidae family.	Acroneuria internata	species
taxon rank	Labiatophysa microphthalma is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Labiatophysa.	Labiatophysa microphthalma	species
taxon rank	The type species is Calmasuchus acri.	Calmasuchus	species
taxon rank	The genus Sciurus contains most of the common, bushy-tailed squirrels in North America, Europe, temperate Asia, Central America and South America.	Sciurus	genus
taxon rank	Eucryphia glutinosa (nirrhe) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cunoniaceae, native to moist woodland habitats in Chile.	Eucryphia glutinosa	species
taxon rank	Cytinus visseri is an erect, perennial, and a dioecious species.	Cytinus visseri	species
taxon rank	Westphaliasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaurid from Lower Jurassic (Pliensbachian stage) deposits of Westfalia, northwestern Germany.	Westphaliasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Hyalella azteca is a widespread and abundant species of amphipod crustacean in North America.	Hyalella azteca	species
taxon rank	Pseudechis australis, commonly known as the king brown- or mulga snake, or Pilbara cobra, is a species of venomous snake found in Australia.	Pseudechis australis	species
taxon rank	Geminiviridae is a family of plant viruses.	Geminiviridae	family
taxon rank	Anodontosaurus is an extinct genus of ankylosaurid dinosaurs within the subfamily Ankylosaurinae.	Anodontosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ochrocephala is a genus of Ethiopian flowering plants in the thistle tribe within the daisy family.	Ochrocephala	genus
taxon rank	Pisidium tenuilineatum, the fine-lined pea mussel, is a species of very small freshwater bivalve in the family Sphaeriidae.	Pisidium tenuilineatum	species
taxon rank	Austromorium flavigaster is a species of ant belonging to the genus Austromorium.	Austromorium flavigaster	species
taxon rank	Kuhlia sandvicensis, the Reticulated flagtail, is a species of flagtail native to the waters around several Pacific islands where it occurs in fresh, brackish and marine waters.	Kuhlia sandvicensis	species
taxon rank	Corymbia greeniana, commonly known as Dampier's Bloodwood, is a species of plant in the myrtle family that is native to northern Western Australia.	Corymbia greeniana	species
taxon rank	The Cambodian striped squirrel (Tamiops rodolphii) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Cambodian striped squirrel	species
taxon rank	Cnemathraupis is a small genus of mountain tanagers found in South America.	Cnemathraupis	genus
taxon rank	Emblemariopsis arawak is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from tropical reefs in the Caribbean Sea.	Emblemariopsis arawak	species
taxon rank	Lucasium byrnei, the gibber gecko or Byrne's gecko, is a species of small, nocturnal gecko endemic to Australia.	Lucasium byrnei	species
taxon rank	Aluterus schoepfii, the orange filefish, is a species of fish in the Monacanthidae family.	Aluterus schoepfii	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum evanidum is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common name vanishing wild buckwheat.	Eriogonum evanidum	species
taxon rank	Astroloba bullulata is a small, compact species of Astroloba, that reaches a height of about 30 cm. It has a dark green to deep olive-red colour.	Astroloba bullulata	species
taxon rank	Elateropsis lineatus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in South America in countries such as Chile.	Elateropsis lineatus	species
taxon rank	Eotyrannus (meaning ``dawn tyrant'') is a genus of tyrannosauroid theropod dinosaur hailing from the Early Cretaceous Wessex Formation beds, included in Wealden Group, located in the southwest coast of the Isle of Wight, United Kingdom.	Eotyrannus	genus
taxon rank	Osbeckia chinensis is a plant species in the genus Osbeckia.	Osbeckia chinensis	species
taxon rank	Crepidula ustulatulina is a species of small sea snail, a slipper snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails or slipper limpets, cup-and-saucer snails, and Chinese hat snails.	Crepidula ustulatulina	species
taxon rank	Papilio veiovis is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Sulawesi.	Papilio veiovis	species
taxon rank	Myrica arborea (sometimes Morella arborea) is a species of plant in the Myricaceae family.	Myrica arborea	species
taxon rank	Eryngium pendletonensis (syn. E. pendletonense) is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name Pendleton button-celery.	Eryngium pendletonensis	species
taxon rank	Scardinius graecus, also called the Greek rudd or Yliki rudd, is a species of cyprinid fish, only known from a single lake, Lake Yliki, in Greece.	Scardinius graecus	species
taxon rank	Spinosaurus (meaning ``spine lizard'') is a genus of theropod dinosaur that lived in what now is North Africa, during the lower Albian to lower Cenomanian stages of the Cretaceous period, about 112 to 97 million years ago.	Spinosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Myoleja mailaka is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Myoleja of the family Tephritidae.	Myoleja mailaka	species
taxon rank	The Stephanoberyciformes are an order of marine ray-finned fishes, consisting of about 68 species, the majority (61) of which belong to the ridgehead family (Melamphaidae).	Stephanoberyciformes	order
taxon rank	Syngnathus macrobrachium (large-fin pipefish) is a species of the pipefishes, which is common in the southern-eastern Pacific in the coastal waters from Tumbes (Peru) to Puerto Montt (Chile).	Syngnathus macrobrachium	species
taxon rank	Hylobittacus apicalis is a species of hangingfly in the order Mecoptera, and the only species within the genus Hylobittacus.	Hylobittacus apicalis	species
taxon rank	Camarillasaurus is a genus of basal ceratosaurian theropod dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Camarillas, Teruel Province, in what is now northeastern Spain.	Camarillasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Cryptotermes brevis is a species of termite in the Kalotermitidae family, commonly known as the West Indian drywood termite or the powderpost termite.	Cryptotermes brevis	species
taxon rank	Astragalus nevinii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name San Clemente Island milkvetch.	Astragalus nevinii	species
taxon rank	The Bostrichidae are a family of beetles with more than 700 described species.	Bostrichidae	family
taxon rank	Ceratodus (Greek for ``horned tooth'') was a wide-ranging genus of extinct lungfish.	Ceratodus	genus
taxon rank	Dissochondrus (false bristlegrass) is a genus of Hawaiian plants in the grass family.	Dissochondrus	genus
taxon rank	Nycteroleter is an extinct genus of nycteroleterid parareptile known from the Middle Permian of European Russia.	Nycteroleter	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Phryganeopsis brunnea, which is found in California.	Phryganeopsis	species
taxon rank	The Ericaceae are a family of flowering plants, commonly known as the heath or heather family, found most commonly in acid and infertile growing conditions.	Ericaceae	family
taxon rank	Mahonia japonica is a species of flowering plant in the family Berberidaceae, native to Taiwan.	Mahonia japonica	species
taxon rank	Agonandra macrocarpa is a species of plant in the Opiliaceae family.	Agonandra macrocarpa	species
taxon rank	Zarudny's jird (Meriones zarudnyi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Zarudny's jird	species
taxon rank	Maaradactylus is a genus of anhanguerid pterosaur known from Lower Cretaceous rocks of northeastern Brazil.	Maaradactylus	genus
taxon rank	Tabernaemontana undulata, the Becchete or Bëcchëte (pronounced B'-chéw-teh, a Matis and Matsés word for a medicinal plant) is a milkwood species in the family Apocynaceae.	Tabernaemontana undulata	species
taxon rank	Protocalliphora or bird blowflies are a blow fly genus containing many species which are obligate parasites of birds.	Protocalliphora	genus
taxon rank	Clubiona aducta is a sac spider species found in Portugal and Spain.	Clubiona aducta	species
taxon rank	Erosaria nebrites, common name the false margined cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Erosaria nebrites	species
taxon rank	Isocoma tenuisecta, commonly called burroweed, shrine jimmyweed, or burrow goldenweed is a North American species of small, flowering perennial herbs in the sunflower family.	Isocoma tenuisecta	species
taxon rank	Xyliphius melanopterus is a species of banjo catfish found in Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela where it occurs in the upper Amazon and Orinoco River basins.	Xyliphius melanopterus	species
taxon rank	Tochisaurus (meaning ``Ostrich lizard'') is a genus of small troodontid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of Mongolia.	Tochisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Argyrodendron is a genus of mainly trees in the mallow family Malvaceae.	Argyrodendron	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis microchrysomelas is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu in Rwanda.	Haplochromis microchrysomelas	species
taxon rank	Mixogaster is a genus of hoverflies native to North America and South America, with 19 known species.	Mixogaster	genus
taxon rank	Echinocereus knippelianus is a species of hedgehog cactus.	Echinocereus knippelianus	species
taxon rank	Erythronium krylovii is a plant species known only from the Tuva and Krasnoyarsk regions in Siberia.	Erythronium krylovii	species
taxon rank	Trinucleidae is a family of small to average size asaphid trilobites that first occurred at the start of the Ordovician and went extinct at the end of that period.	Trinucleidae	family
taxon rank	Allium qasyunense is a Middle Eastern species of onions in the amaryllis family, found in Israel, Palestine, Syria and Jordan.	Allium qasyunense	species
taxon rank	The Opisthocoelicaudiinae is a clade of titanosaurian dinosaurs from the Late Cretaceous, ranked as a subfamily.	Opisthocoelicaudiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Lactarius cistophilus is a species of fungus of the milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.	Lactarius cistophilus	species
taxon rank	Eriophora pustulosa, commonly called the garden orbweb spider is a common small species of spider found in Australia and New Zealand.	Eriophora pustulosa	species
taxon rank	Argyroxiphium kauense (Mauna Loa silversword, also commonly known as Kaʻū silversword) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Argyroxiphium kauense	species
taxon rank	Adenoviruses (members of the family Adenoviridae) are medium-sized (90--100 nm), nonenveloped (without an outer lipid bilayer) viruses with an icosahedral nucleocapsid containing a double stranded DNA genome.	Adenoviridae	family
taxon rank	Maxwellia gemma, common name : the gem murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Maxwellia gemma	species
taxon rank	Terminalia acuminata was a species of plant in the Combretaceae family.	Terminalia acuminata	species
taxon rank	Marrus orthocanna is a species of pelagic siphonophore, a colonial animal composed of a complex arrangement of zooids, some of which are polyps and some medusae.	Marrus orthocanna	species
taxon rank	Blandfordia punicea, commonly known as Tasmanian Christmas bell, is a species of flowering plant which is native to western Tasmania in Australia.	Blandfordia punicea	species
taxon rank	Adiantum aleuticum (western maidenhair fern, Aleutian maidenhair) is a species of fern in the genus Adiantum, native mainly to western North America from the Aleutian Islands of Alaska, south to Chihuahua, and also locally in northeastern North America from Newfoundland south to Maryland.	Adiantum aleuticum	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Pacific and Atlantic Oceans.	Hypsoblennius	genus
taxon rank	Niphovelleda gracilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Niphovelleda.	Niphovelleda gracilis	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium secundum, also known as the toothbrush orchid, is a species of flowering plant in the family Orchidaceae and in the Dendrobium genus.	Dendrobium secundum	species
taxon rank	Lactuca dissecta (split-leaf lettuce) is an Asian species of plant in the dandelion tribe within sunflower family family.	Lactuca dissecta	species
taxon rank	Fender's blue butterfly (Icaricia icarioides fenderi syn. Plebejus icarioides fenderi) is an endangered subspecies of butterfly endemic to the Willamette Valley of northwestern Oregon, United States.	Fender's blue butterfly	subspecies
taxon rank	Drymoda is a genus of orchids, with 3 currently accepted species (as of June 2014).	Drymoda	genus
taxon rank	Olearia algida (Alpine Daisy-bush) is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia algida	species
taxon rank	Nine species of hornbill are found in the Philippines, and the Palawan hornbill is endemic to Palawan island, but has also been recorded on the nearby islands of Balabac, Busuanga, Calauit, Culion and Coron.	Palawan hornbill	species
taxon rank	Microleroides chinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Microleroides.	Microleroides chinensis	species
taxon rank	Nephrops is a genus of lobsters comprising a single extant species, Nephrops norvegicus (the Norway lobster or Dublin Bay prawn), and several fossil species.	Nephrops	genus
taxon rank	Etheostoma duryi, the black darter, is a species of darter endemic to the eastern United States, where it occurs in the drainage of the Tennessee River in the states of Tennessee, Georgia, and Alabama.	Etheostoma duryi	species
taxon rank	Rosa arkansana, the prairie rose or wild prairie rose, is a species of rose native to a large area of central North America, between the Appalachian and Rocky Mountains from Alberta, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan south to New Mexico, Texas and Indiana.	Rosa arkansana	species
taxon rank	Mediavia agnesa is a species of snout moth in the genus Mediavia.	Mediavia agnesa	species
taxon rank	At present it contains the single species Appianoporites vancouverensis.	Appianoporites	species
taxon rank	It includes one species, Eleoniscus helenae, which is endemic to Alicante province, Spain, where it is known from two caves.	Eleoniscus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium brevissimum is a fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from Indian soils.	Penicillium brevissimum	species
taxon rank	Eostrobilops hirasei is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Strobilopsidae.	Eostrobilops hirasei	species
taxon rank	Pyura pachydermatina is a sea tulip, a solitary species of tunicate in the suborder Stolidobranchia.	Pyura pachydermatina	species
taxon rank	Saccopharyngiformes is an order of unusual ray-finned fish, superficially similar to eels, but with multiple internal differences.	Saccopharyngiformes	order
taxon rank	Nebria saurica is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Kazakhstan.	Nebria saurica	species
taxon rank	Mimulus ringens is a species of monkeyflower known by the common names Allegheny monkeyflower and square-stemmed monkeyflower.	Mimulus ringens	species
taxon rank	Lixus concavus, commonly called the rhubarb curculio, is a species of weevil.	Lixus concavus	species
taxon rank	Ophrys fusca, commonly known as the sombre bee-orchid or the dark bee-orchid, is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean from southwestern Europe and northern Africa to western Asia.	Ophrys fusca	species
taxon rank	Schneider's surprise (Tiradelphe schneideri) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Schneider's surprise	species
taxon rank	Festuca ligulata is a species of grass known by the common name Guadalupe fescue.	Festuca ligulata	species
taxon rank	The Fusulinidae is a family of fusulinacean Foraminifera from the upper Carboniferous (Lower Pennsylvanian, Morrowan) to the Upper Permian (Guadalupian), tests of which are fusiform to subcylindrical with walls of two to four layers.	Fusulinidae	family
taxon rank	Lilium lancifolium (syn. L. tigrinum) is an Asian species of lily, native to China, Japan, Korea, and the Russian Far East.	Lilium lancifolium	species
taxon rank	Pyrrosia is a genus of about 100 fern species in the polypod family, Polypodiaceae.	Pyrrosia	genus
taxon rank	Nebria lafresnayei is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Andorra, France, and Spain.	Nebria lafresnayei	species
taxon rank	Cynohyaenodon is an extinct genus of hyaenodontid afrothere that lived during the Eocene.	Cynohyaenodon	genus
taxon rank	Consolea corallicola is a species of cactus known by the common names Florida semaphore cactus and semaphore pricklypear.	Consolea corallicola	species
taxon rank	Buddleja sessiliflora, commonly known as Rio Grande Butterfly-bush or Tepozán, is a species of flowering plant in the figwort family, Scrophulariaceae.	Buddleja sessiliflora	species
taxon rank	Vitrea is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Pristilomatidae.	Vitrea	genus
taxon rank	Lepanthes johnsonii is a species of orchid found from Mexico (Chiapas) to Guatemala.	Lepanthes johnsonii	species
taxon rank	Haliplus is a genus of beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Afro-tropical region, the Near East, the Nearctic and North Africa.	Haliplus	genus
taxon rank	Rana brama is a species of frog.	Rana brama	species
taxon rank	Manta rays are large rays belonging to the genus Manta.	Manta ray	genus
taxon rank	Xyris laxiflora is a New World species of flowering plants in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris laxiflora	species
taxon rank	Rhaptopetalum geophylax is a species of plant in the Lecythidaceae family.	Rhaptopetalum geophylax	species
taxon rank	Anisopodus strigosus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family that was described by Erichson in 1847.	Anisopodus strigosus	species
taxon rank	Cephalotes mompox is a species of arboreal ant of the genus Cephalotes, characterized by an odd shaped head, and the ability to ``parachute'' by steering their fall if they drop off from a tree.	Cephalotes mompox	species
taxon rank	Scipionyx (pronounced ``SHIH-pee-oh-nicks'' or ``ship-ee-OH-nicks'') is a genus of compsognathid theropod dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of Italy, around 113 million years ago.	Scipionyx	genus
taxon rank	Agave havardiana is a plant species native to the Big Bend area of western Texas as well as Chihuahua and Coahuila.	Agave havardiana	species
taxon rank	Astranthium, or Western-daisy, is a North American genus of flowering plants in the daisy family.	Astranthium	genus
taxon rank	Lasioglossum bidentatum, also known as the Lasioglossum (Sudila) bidentatum, is a species of bee in the genus Lasioglossum, of the family Halictidae.	Lasioglossum bidentatum	species
taxon rank	Feihyla palpebralis is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, sometimes known as the Vietnamese bubble-nest frog or the white-cheeked small treefrog.	Feihyla palpebralis	species
taxon rank	Cyathea acuminata is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Panay and Samar in the Philippines.	Cyathea acuminata	species
taxon rank	The Mucorales is the largest and best studied order of Zygomycete fungi.	Mucorales	order
taxon rank	Protomyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches endemic to Borneo.	Protomyzon	genus
taxon rank	Cambarus bartonii is a species of crayfish native to eastern North America, where it is called the common crayfish or Appalachian brook crayfish.	Cambarus bartonii	species
taxon rank	Pachygaster atra, the dark-winged black, is a European species of soldier fly.	Pachygaster atra	species
taxon rank	Ornithoctoninae, also known as earth tigers, are a subfamily of Asian tarantulas, which were first erected in 1895 by Reginald Innes Pocock on basis of the genotype Ornithoctonus andersoni described in 1892 from former Burma, now Myanmar.	Ornithoctoninae	subfamily
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Eriocranites hercynicus, which was described from Willershausen in Germany.	Eriocranites	species
taxon rank	The genus Peromyscus contains the animal species commonly referred to as deer mice.	Peromyscus	genus
taxon rank	Hierosaurus (meaning ``sacred lizard'') is an extinct genus of nodosaurid ankylosaur which lived during the Cretaceous 87 to 82 million years ago.	Hierosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Ceanothus cyaneus is a species of flowering shrub known by the common names San Diego buckbrush and Lakeside ceanothus.	Ceanothus cyaneus	species
taxon rank	Geina integumentum is a species of moth in the genus Geina, known from Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands.	Geina integumentum	species
taxon rank	Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea.	Eulimidae	family
taxon rank	Sardinella sindensis (Sind sardinella) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Sardinella.	Sardinella sindensis	species
taxon rank	Desmopuntius is a genus of cyprinids native to Southeast Asia.	Desmopuntius	genus
taxon rank	Sigesbeckia is a genus of annual plants in the aster family.	Sigesbeckia	genus
taxon rank	Iniidae is a family of river dolphins containing one living and four extinct genera.	Iniidae	family
taxon rank	Brachycephalus vertebralis is a species of frog in the Brachycephalidae family endemic to Brazil; it is known only from Serra da Bocaina National Park and Cunha, São Paulo and occurs at 800 meters above sea level.	Brachycephalus vertebralis	species
taxon rank	Trachelyichthys decaradiatus is a species of driftwood catfish endemic to Guyana where it is found in the Rupununi River basin.	Trachelyichthys decaradiatus	species
taxon rank	Disporum is a genus of about 20 species of perennial flowering plants, found in Asia from northern India to Japan, south to Indonesia and north into the Russian Far East.	Disporum	genus
taxon rank	Anobium costatum is a species of beetles in the genus Anobium of the family Anobiidae.	Anobium costatum	species
taxon rank	Zamia pumila was the first species described for the genus and hence is the type species for the genus Zamia and the family Zamiaceae.	Zamia pumila	species
taxon rank	Akysis bilustris is a species of catfish belonging to the family Akysidae (the stream catfishes), known only from two geographically proximate localities in the Xe Kong drainage, a major subdrainage of the Mekong River, in Laos and Cambodia.	Akysis bilustris	species
taxon rank	Asterophora mirabilis is a species of fungus that grows as a parasite on mushrooms.	Asterophora mirabilis	species
taxon rank	The Kandyan Gecko (Hemidactylus depressus) also known as Sri Lanka Leaf-nosed Gecko, is a species of gecko endemic to island of Sri Lanka.	Hemidactylus depressus	species
taxon rank	Spicara is a genus of picarels native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean and the western Indian Ocean.	Spicara	genus
taxon rank	Buddleja hatschbachii is a rare species found only in the wet ravines and rock slopes flanking the east side of the planalto of southern Brazil.	Buddleja hatschbachii	species
taxon rank	The genus Huernia (family Apocynaceae, subfamily Asclepiadoideae) consists of stem succulents from Eastern and Southern Africa, first described as a genus in 1810.	Huernia	genus
taxon rank	Salix subopposita is a species of willow native to southern Japan and Quelpaert Island in South Korea.	Salix subopposita	species
taxon rank	Judolia cerambyciformis is a species of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae, subfamily Lepturinae (flower longhorns).	Judolia cerambyciformis	species
taxon rank	Acanthodes (meaning spiny base or thorny base) is an extinct genus of spiny shark.	Acanthodes	genus
taxon rank	Coelacanthus (``Hollow Spine'') is a genus of extinct coelacanths that first appeared during the Permian period.	Coelacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Agyneta merretti is a species of sheet weaver found in Angola.	Agyneta merretti	species
taxon rank	Risbecia nyalya is a species of colourful sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Chromodorididae.	Risbecia nyalya	species
taxon rank	The Patagonian crested duck (Lophonetta specularioides specularioides), also known as the southern crested duck, or the grey duck in the Falkland Islands, is the nominate of two subspecies of the crested duck.	Patagonian crested duck	subspecies
taxon rank	Rhodichthys regina, the threadfin seasnail, is a species of snailfish native to the Arctic Ocean and the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.	Rhodichthys regina	species
taxon rank	Perirehaedulus richardsi is a species of prehistoric trilobite named after British musician Keith Richards.	Perirehaedulus richardsi	species
taxon rank	Lilium catesbaei requires hot, wet, acidic soil inhospitable to most other lily species.	Lilium catesbaei	species
taxon rank	Ampullinopsis is an extinct taxonomic genus of deep-water sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Ampullinopsis	genus
taxon rank	The Somali crombec (Sylvietta isabellina) is a species of African warbler, formerly placed in the family Sylviidae.	Somali crombec	species
taxon rank	Nassarius conoidalis, common name the cone-shaped Nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails.	Nassarius conoidalis	species
taxon rank	Terpnomyia bicolor is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Terpnomyia of the family Tephritidae.	Terpnomyia bicolor	species
taxon rank	Mycobacterium goodii is an acid-fast bacterial species in the phylum Actinobacteria and the genus Mycobacterium.	Mycobacterium goodii	species
taxon rank	Erechtites valerianifolius, common name tropical burnweed is a New World species of plants in the sunflower family.	Erechtites valerianifolius	species
taxon rank	Conus biliosus, common name the bilious cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus biliosus	species
taxon rank	Pleurobranchus forskalii is a species of side-gill sea slug, a notaspidean, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pleurobranchidae.	Pleurobranchus forskalii	species
taxon rank	Labeo mokotoensis is one of 103 fish species in the genus Labeo.	Labeo mokotoensis	species
taxon rank	Michaelophorus shafferi is a species of moth in the genus Michaelophorus, known from Brazil.	Michaelophorus shafferi	species
taxon rank	Timbellus bednalli, common name Bednall's murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the rock snails or murex snails.	Timbellus bednalli	species
taxon rank	Flacourtia rukam is a species of flowering plant in the willow family, Salicaceae.	Flacourtia rukam	species
taxon rank	Ectatomma ruidum is a Neotropical species of ant in the subfamily Ectatomminae.	Ectatomma ruidum	species
taxon rank	Philoglossa is a genus of South American plants in the dandelion subfamily within the daisy family.	Philoglossa	genus
taxon rank	Rathouisia tigrina is a species of carnivorous air-breathing land slug, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Rathouisiidae.	Rathouisia tigrina	species
taxon rank	Ischikauia steenackeri is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Lake Biwa in Japan.	Ischikauia	species
taxon rank	There is only one known species, Acanthochlamys bracteata, native to Tibet and Sichuan.	Acanthochlamys	species
taxon rank	Malacoglanis gelatinosus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Trichomycteridae, and the only species of the genus Malacoglanis.	Malacoglanis gelatinosus	species
taxon rank	Phaedranassa is a genus of South American and Central American plants in Amaryllis family, subfamily Amaryllidoideae.	Phaedranassa	genus
taxon rank	Salix brachycarpa is a species of flowering plant in the willow family known by the common names barren-ground willow, small-fruit willow and shortfruit willow.	Salix brachycarpa	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces albofaciens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which produces oxytetracycline, spiramycin, albopeptin A, albopeptin B and alpomycin.	Streptomyces albofaciens	species
taxon rank	Pyura praeputialis is an intertidal and shallow water species of tunicate.	Pyura praeputialis	species
taxon rank	Helvetia semialba is a species of jumping spiders only found in Brazil.	Helvetia semialba	species
taxon rank	Hulsea mexicana, the Mexican alpinegold or Mexican hulsea is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family It has been found only in a small region straddling the border between Mexico and the United States.	Hulsea mexicana	species
taxon rank	Caulophyllum giganteum, the northern blue cohosh, is a species of flowering plant in the barberry family.	Caulophyllum giganteum	species
taxon rank	Macrothele cretica is a species of spider in the Hexathelidae family.	Macrothele cretica	species
taxon rank	Mesonauta acora is a species of cichlid fish native to soft, acidic freshwater habitats in South America.	Mesonauta acora	species
taxon rank	Beryx is a genus of alfonsinos found in deep oceanic waters.	Beryx	genus
taxon rank	Hemibagrus wyckii is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the family Bagridae.	Hemibagrus wyckii	species
taxon rank	Cordylogyne is a species of plants in the Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1838.	Cordylogyne	species
taxon rank	Pyxine is a genus of lichenized fungi in the family Physciaceae.	Pyxine	genus
taxon rank	Brissalius vannoordenburgi is a species of sea urchin in the Family Brissidae.	Brissalius vannoordenburgi	species
taxon rank	Pristidactylus torquatus, commonly known as lagarto de bosque, the southern grumbler, or the forest lizard, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Pristidactylus torquatus	species
taxon rank	Atriplex patula L. (Spear Saltbush; Common Orache; Spear Orach; Spreading Orach) is a ruderal, circumboreal species of annual herbaceous plants in the genus Atriplex naturalized in many temperate regions.	Atriplex patula	species
taxon rank	Cynoglossus arel, commonly known as the Largescale tonguesole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus arel	species
taxon rank	Although there is no evidence that Tioman virus can cause illness in humans or animals, its close relationship to other disease-causing paramyxoviruses (Hendra virus, Menangle virus, Nipah virus) suggests the possibility that it may cause disease upon crossing the species barrier.	Tioman virus	species
taxon rank	Euphilotes battoides, the square-spotted blue or buckwheat blue, is a species of butterfly of the Lycaenidae family.	Euphilotes battoides	species
taxon rank	Encyclia cyperifolia is a species of orchid found in South America.	Encyclia cyperifolia	species
taxon rank	Acirsa subcarinata is a species of minute deep water sea snail or micromollusk.	Acirsa subcarinata	species
taxon rank	Aloe lomatophylloides (previously Lomatophyllum lomatophylloides) is a species of Aloe endemic to the island of Rodrigues, in the Indian Ocean.	Aloe lomatophylloides	species
taxon rank	Cyathea brevipinna is a species of tree fern endemic to the higher parts of Mount Gower (875 m) on Lord Howe Island, where it grows in exposed areas at an altitude of about 790 m. The trunk is erect and may reach 3 m in height.	Cyathea brevipinna	species
taxon rank	Dactylagnus is a genus of sand stargazers, found in the eastern central Pacific and western central Atlantic Ocean.	Dactylagnus	genus
taxon rank	Zygogramma is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Chrysomelinae, which includes approximately 100 species.	Zygogramma	genus
taxon rank	Alsodes nodosus (common name: black spiny-chest frog) is a species of frog in the Alsodidae family endemic to central Chile; records from Argentina are not considered valid.	Alsodes nodosus	species
taxon rank	Lupinus holmgrenianus is a species of lupine known by the common name Holmgren's lupine.	Lupinus holmgrenianus	species
taxon rank	Jasminocereus (meaning ``jasmine-like cereus'', referring to the flowers) is a genus of cacti.	Jasminocereus	genus
taxon rank	Pithodia tessellata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pithodia.	Pithodia tessellata	species
taxon rank	Semicassis royana is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cassidae, the helmet shells and their allies.	Semicassis royana	species
taxon rank	Isochrysis is a genus of haptophytes.	Isochrysis	genus
taxon rank	Diphasiastrum tristachyum, commonly known as blue clubmoss or blue ground-cedar, is a North American and Eurasian species of clubmoss.	Diphasiastrum tristachyum	species
taxon rank	Lontalius is a genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae.It is a monotypic genus.The single species is Lontalius eltus Eliot, 1986 found in Borneo and the Philippines	Lontalius	genus
taxon rank	Adrapsa ablualis is a species of moth in the Noctuidae family, that can be found in Queensland, Australia and Southeast Asia.	Adrapsa ablualis	species
taxon rank	Phacelia exilis is a species of phacelia known by the common names Transverse Range phacelia and lavender windows.	Phacelia exilis	species
taxon rank	Delphinium patens is a species of larkspur known by the common names zigzag larkspur and spreading larkspur.	Delphinium patens	species
taxon rank	The Cercopithecinae are a subfamily of the Old World monkeys, which comprises roughly 71 species, including the baboons, the macaques and the vervet monkeys.	Cercopithecinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Strioterebrum nitidum, common name : the Shiny Pacific Auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Strioterebrum nitidum	species
taxon rank	A single species is known and has been named Songzia heidangkouensis.	Songzia	species
taxon rank	Starksia cremnobates, the Fugitive blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Gulf of California where it is found at depths of around 60 metres (200 ft).	Starksia cremnobates	species
taxon rank	Empicoris subparallelus is a species of thread-legged bug found in Cuba and from two Southern US States (Florida and Texas).	Empicoris subparallelus	species
taxon rank	Hesychopa is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.	Hesychopa	genus
taxon rank	Croptilon is a small North American genus of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Croptilon	genus
taxon rank	The Pareatinae are a small subfamily of the Colubridae family of snakes.	Pareatinae	family
taxon rank	Wendlandia psychotrioides is a species of shrubs or small trees, constituting part of the plant family Rubiaceae.	Wendlandia psychotrioides	species
taxon rank	Kinyongia (derived from the species' name in Kiswahili language) is a chameleon genus recently established for several plesiomorphic species found in forest and woodland in Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, and far eastern DR Congo.	Kinyongia	genus
taxon rank	Amatitlania is a genus of cichlid fishes from Central America from El Salvador and Guatemala to Panama.	Amatitlania	genus
taxon rank	Hyperparachma congrualis is a species of snout moth in the genus Hyperparachma.	Hyperparachma congrualis	species
taxon rank	Thylacinus is a genus of extinct carnivorous marsupials from the order Dasyuromorphia.	Thylacinus	genus
taxon rank	Aruncus is a genus of clump forming herbaceous perennial plants in the family Rosaceae.	Aruncus	genus
taxon rank	Chaenogobius is a genus of gobies native to Asia and the western Pacific Ocean.	Chaenogobius	genus
taxon rank	Parazoanthus is a genus of anemone-like anthozoans in the order Zoantharia.	Parazoanthus	genus
taxon rank	Lepidium fremontii (desert pepperweed) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family which is native to the southwestern United States, where it grows on sandy desert flats and the rocky slopes of nearby hills and mountains.	Lepidium fremontii	species
taxon rank	Trifolium macrocephalum is a species of clover known by the common name largehead clover.	Trifolium macrocephalum	species
taxon rank	Vriesea rubra is a plant species in the genus Vriesea.	Vriesea rubra	species
taxon rank	Petrotilapia tridentiger is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers shallow waters with rocky substrates.	Petrotilapia tridentiger	species
taxon rank	Hypleurochilus bermudensis, the Barred blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the western Atlantic ocean.	Hypleurochilus bermudensis	species
taxon rank	Entada gigas, commonly known as the monkey-ladder, sea bean, Cœur de la Mer or Sea Heart, is a species of flowering liana in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to Central America, the Caribbean, northern South America, and Africa.	Entada gigas	species
taxon rank	Lehmannia marginata is species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.	Lehmannia marginata	species
taxon rank	Bogoslovskya is an extinct orthoceroid cephalopod genus that lived in what is now Asia (Urals and Japan) from the Devonian to the Permian.	Bogoslovskya	genus
taxon rank	The Prorocentrales are a small order of dinoflagellates.	Prorocentrales	order
taxon rank	Triraphis devia is a species of grass endemic to Brazil, the only member of its genus native to the Western Hemisphere.	Triraphis devia	species
taxon rank	Sepia erostrata is a species of cuttlefish native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean, specifically off western mainland Japan, from Sagami Bay to the Kii Peninsula.	Sepia erostrata	species
taxon rank	The phylum Elusimicrobia, previously known as 'Termite Group 1', has been shown to be widespread in different ecosystems like marine environment, sewage sludge, contaminated sites and soils.	Elusimicrobia	phylum
taxon rank	Onchidiopsis carnea is a species of small sea snail with a transparent internal shell, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Velutinidae.	Onchidiopsis carnea	species
taxon rank	The Longdan tiger or Panthera zdanskyi is an extinct species of pantherine known from the Gansu province of northwestern China.	Panthera zdanskyi	species
taxon rank	Lepidotrigla guentheri is a species of fish in the searobin family	Lepidotrigla guentheri	species
taxon rank	Claytonia tuberosa, commonly known as Tuberous Spring Beauty, is a species of flowering plant in the family Montiaceae.	Claytonia tuberosa	species
taxon rank	Gonialosa is a genus of gizzard shads that are found in the rivers of South and Southeast Asia.	Gonialosa	genus
taxon rank	Waltheria is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family, Malvaceae.	Waltheria	genus
taxon rank	Datanglong is an extinct genus of carcharodontosaurian theropod belonging to the Tetanurae.	Datanglong	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus leptaleus is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name park milkvetch.	Astragalus leptaleus	species
taxon rank	Gibbula hisseyiana is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Gibbula hisseyiana	species
taxon rank	Carabus sylvestris sylvestris is a subspecies of brown-coloured beetle from Carabidae family, that can be found in Austria, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Italy, Liechtenstein, Poland, and Switzerland.	Carabus sylvestris sylvestris	subspecies
taxon rank	Sporopipes is a genus of bird in the Passeridae family.	Sporopipes	genus
taxon rank	Cyrtodesmidae is a family of millipedes, containing 30 species in 3 genera.	Cyrtodesmidae	family
taxon rank	Thomas's bushbaby (Galagoides thomasi) is a species of primate in the family Galagidae.	Thomas's bushbaby	species
taxon rank	Melicope is a genus of about 230 species of shrubs and trees in the family Rutaceae, occurring from the Hawaiian Islands across the Pacific to tropical Asia, Australia and New Zealand.	Melicope	genus
taxon rank	Potamogeton acutifolius is a European species of aquatic plant in the family Potamogetonaceae, known by the common name sharp-leaved pondweed.	Potamogeton acutifolius	species
taxon rank	The mole salamander (Ambystoma talpoideum) is a species of salamander found in much of the eastern and central United States, from Florida to Texas, north to Illinois, east to Kentucky, with an isolated population in Virginia.	Ambystoma talpoideum	species
taxon rank	It is the only species in the monotypic genus Duncanopsammia.	Duncanopsammia	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Lymantriopsis lacteata, which is found in Gabon.	Lymantriopsis	species
taxon rank	Pegaeophyton nepalense is a plant species reported from Nepal, Bhutan, Sikkim and Xizang (= Tibet).	Pegaeophyton nepalense	species
taxon rank	Lythrypnus dalli, the Blue-banded goby, is a species of goby native to the eastern Pacific from Monterey Bay (California) to northern Peru, including the Gulf of California.	Lythrypnus dalli	species
taxon rank	Synodontis vanderwaali is a species of upside-down catfish native to Angola, Botswana and Namibia where it occurs in the upper Zambezi River, the Okavango River and Delta and the Cunene River.	Synodontis vanderwaali	species
taxon rank	Astragalus inversus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Susanville milkvetch.	Astragalus inversus	species
taxon rank	Conus hybridus, common name the hybrid cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus hybridus	species
taxon rank	Cebrio gigas is a species of beetle of the subfamily Cebrioninae from a family of click beetles.	Cebrio gigas	species
taxon rank	Calycolpus australis is a plant species native to the State of Minas Gerais in Brazil.	Calycolpus australis	species
taxon rank	Astragalus tener is a species of milkvetch known by the common name alkali milkvetch.	Astragalus tener	species
taxon rank	The Pteropodinae are a subfamily of megabats.	Pteropodinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Pyrgospira tampaensis, common name the Tampa turrid, is a species from sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pseudomelatomidae.	Pyrgospira tampaensis	species
taxon rank	The Mongolian vole (Microtus mongolicus) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Mongolian vole	species
taxon rank	Geniostoma uninervium is a species of plant in the Melmoth family.	Geniostoma uninervium	species
taxon rank	Stratioceros princeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stratioceros.	Stratioceros princeps	species
taxon rank	Delavaya (茶条木属, cha tiao mu shu) is a monotypic genus of shrub or small tree endemic to southwestern China and northern Vietnam.	Delavaya	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus inoptatus (common name: Diquini robber frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola; it is found both in the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus inoptatus	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria lasiacantha is a species of cactus in the subfamily Cactoideae, with the common name lacespine nipple cactus.	Mammillaria lasiacantha	species
taxon rank	Artemisia tilesii is an Asian and North American species of flowering plant in the aster family.	Artemisia tilesii	species
taxon rank	Pyrgulina alveata is a species of very small sea snail, a pyramidellid gastropod micromollusk.	Pyrgulina alveata	species	species
taxon rank	Black and Mackness(1999) suggested that the Hulitherium clade is more closely related to the clade comprising Zygomaturus plus another undescribed genus from Australia, than it is to Kolopsis.	Hulitherium	genus
taxon rank	The Henderson fruit dove (Ptilinopus insularis), also known as scarlet-capped fruit dove, is a species of bird in the Columbidae family.	Henderson fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Conicotheca nigrans is a species of benthic Foraminifera that was first identified from samples collected from the Challenger Deep in the Mariana Trench.	Conicotheca nigrans	species
taxon rank	Buchanosteidae is a family of arthrodire placoderms that lived from the Early to Middle Devonian.	Buchanosteidae	family
taxon rank	Connellia nutans is a species in the genus Connellia.	Connellia nutans	species
taxon rank	Carex arenaria, or sand sedge, is a species of perennial sedge of the genus Carex which is commonly found growing in dunes and other sandy habitats, as the species epithet suggests (Latin arenarius, ``sandy'').	Carex arenaria	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus is a thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which was isolated from marine sediment.	Streptomyces griseoaurantiacus	species
taxon rank	Ceiba is the name of a genus of many species of large trees found in tropical areas, including Mexico, Central America, South America, the Caribbean, West Africa, and Southeast Asia.	Ceiba	genus
taxon rank	Justicia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Acanthaceae.	Justicia	genus
taxon rank	Phaeocollybia christinae, commonly known as Christina's rootshank, is a species of fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.	Phaeocollybia christinae	species
taxon rank	Miltonia cuneata, the Wedge-shaped Miltonia, is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Miltonia cuneata	species
taxon rank	Bryaninops amplus, known commonly as the Large whip goby or White-line Seawhip Goby, is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Bryaninops amplus	species
taxon rank	Papillaria crocea is a species of moss.	Papillaria crocea	species
taxon rank	Octomeria grandiflora is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (São Paulo to Paraná).	Octomeria grandiflora	species
taxon rank	Amanipodagrion gilliesi is a species of damselfly.	Amanipodagrion	species
taxon rank	Entomocorus gameroi is a species of driftwood catfish native (possibly endemic) to Venezuela and questionably present in Colombia.	Entomocorus gameroi	species
taxon rank	The Nepal leopard was proposed as a subspecies of leopard in the Nineteenth Century, native to Nepal, South Asia, with the taxonomic name Panthera pardus pernigra (J.E.Gray, Hodgson, 1863).	Nepal leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Barremitinae is a subfamily belonging to the Ammonoidea subclass.	Barremitinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Cladium mariscus is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common names swamp sawgrass, great fen-sedge, saw-sedge or sawtooth sedge.	Cladium mariscus	species
taxon rank	Sepia subtenuipes is a species of cuttlefish native to the western Pacific Ocean, specifically the East China Sea and the Kii Channel in southwestern Japan.	Sepia subtenuipes	species
taxon rank	Salvia lemmonii (Lemmon's sage) is an aromatic species of sage that is native to the United States and Mexico.	Salvia lemmonii	species
taxon rank	Nematogenys inermis is a species of mountain catfish, the only extant species in the family Nematogenyiidae.	Nematogenys inermis	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria agrestis is a species of fritillary known by the common name stinkbells.	Fritillaria agrestis	species
taxon rank	Claudiella ingens is a species of beetle in the family Torridincolidae, the only species in the genus Claudiella.	Claudiella	species
taxon rank	Miltoniopsis, abbreviated Mltnps in horticultural trade, is a genus of orchids.	Miltoniopsis	genus
taxon rank	Achillea erba-rotta is a polymorphic species, as its physical characteristics clearly vary depending on the variety.	Achillea erba-rotta	species
taxon rank	Canis edwardii (Edward's wolf) is an extinct species of Canidae which was endemic to most of North America from the Blancan stage of the Pliocene epoch through to the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch, living 4.9 Mya--300,000 years ago, existing for approximately 4.6 million years.	Canis edwardii	species
taxon rank	Odontoglossum constrictum, the Constricted Odontoglossum, is a species of orchid found from Colombia to northern Venezuela.	Odontoglossum constrictum	species
taxon rank	Lomatium ravenii is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Lassen parsley and Raven's lomatium.	Lomatium ravenii	species
taxon rank	Monactis is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.	Monactis	genus
taxon rank	Fejervarya multistriata (common name: Hong Kong paddy frog or simply paddy frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Fejervarya multistriata	species
taxon rank	Bunium bulbocastanum is a plant species in the family Apiaceae.	Bunium bulbocastanum	species
taxon rank	Calappa japonica, also known as the Japanese shame-faced crab, is a marine species of box crab in the family Calappidae.	Calappa japonica	species
taxon rank	Cupiennius salei, commonly called the American wandering spider or Tiger wandering spider, is a large spider belonging to a group of wandering spiders found in Central America (also known as banana spiders), although this species is specifically from Eastern Mexico, Guatemala, Belize and Honduras.	Cupiennius salei	species
taxon rank	Barbus callensis, commonly known as the Algerian barb or Tunisian barb, is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Barbus callensis	species
taxon rank	Malus tschonoskii (common names Chonosuki crab and pillar apple) is a species of flowering plant in the family Rosaceae, native to Japan.	Malus tschonoskii	species
taxon rank	Plantago debilis is a species of herb native to Australia.	Plantago debilis	species
taxon rank	Phryganistria is a genus of stick insects belonging to the family of giant sticks.	Phryganistria	genus
taxon rank	Paluxysuchus is an extinct genus of neosuchian crocodyliform known from the Early Cretaceous Twin Mountains Formation (late Aptian stage) of north-central Texas.	Paluxysuchus	genus
taxon rank	Baryphthengus is a genus of birds in the family Momotidae.	Baryphthengus	genus
taxon rank	Pyrrocoma racemosa is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name clustered goldenweed.	Pyrrocoma racemosa	species
taxon rank	Copromorpha fossilis is an extinct species of moth in the Copromorphidae family.	Copromorpha fossilis	species
taxon rank	Mammillaria rhodantha (common name rainbow pincushion) is a plant in the cactus family (Cactaceae) and is one of 171 species in the genus Mammillaria which are characterized by having nipple-shaped tubercles or prominences on their surface.	Mammillaria rhodantha	species
taxon rank	Falsohyagnis preapicemaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsohyagnis.	Falsohyagnis preapicemaculata	species
taxon rank	Gryllotalpa orientalis is a species of mole cricket in the family Gryllotalpidae, commonly known as the oriental mole cricket.	Gryllotalpa orientalis	species
taxon rank	Amalgaviridae is a family of double-stranded RNA viruses that has one genus:	Amalgaviridae	family
taxon rank	Pseudo-nitzschia is a marine planktonic diatom genus containing some species capable of producing the neurotoxin domoic acid (DA), which is responsible for the neurological disorder known as amnesic shellfish poisoning (ASP).	Pseudo-nitzschia	genus
taxon rank	Oxybelis is a genus of colubrid snakes, endemic to the Americas, which are commonly known as vine snakes.	Oxybelis	genus
taxon rank	Abronia villosa is a species of sand-verbena known by the common names desert sand-verbena and chaparral sand-verbena.	Abronia villosa	species
taxon rank	Perittopus yunnanensis is a species of Riffle bug from China.	Perittopus yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis parishii is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Parish's chaenactis.	Chaenactis parishii	species
taxon rank	Osmunda greenlandica is an extinct species of ferns in the genus Osmunda.	Osmunda greenlandica	species
taxon rank	Bacteriovorax stolpii is a species of bacterium in the family Bacteriovoracaceae.	Bacteriovorax stolpii	species
taxon rank	Apomyelois bistriatella is a species of snout moth in the genus Apomyelois.	Apomyelois bistriatella	species
taxon rank	Leochilus is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to Mexico, Central America, northern South America, the West Indies and Florida.	Leochilus	genus
taxon rank	Cricetulus is a genus of rodent in the family Cricetidae (voles and hamsters).	Cricetulus	genus
taxon rank	Craterellus caeruleofuscus is a species of fungus in the Cantharellaceae family of mushrooms.	Craterellus caeruleofuscus	species
taxon rank	Roridomyces austrororidus, commonly known as the austro dripping bonnet, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Mycenaceae.	Roridomyces austrororidus	species
taxon rank	Mycosphaerella pini is a species of fungus in the family Mycosphaerellaceae.	Mycosphaerella pini	species
taxon rank	Toxotes chatareus, sometimes known by the common names seven-spot archerfish or largescale archerfish, is a species of perciform fish in the archerfish genus Toxotes.	Toxotes chatareus	species
taxon rank	Lobocarcinus is a genus of extinct marine crabs that lived in the Eocene and Miocene, containing the following species:	Lobocarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Tickell's bat (Hesperoptenus tickelli) is a species of vesper bat.	Tickell's bat	species
taxon rank	Megalopanax rex is a species of flowering plant of family Araliaceae, the only representative of genus Megalopanax.	Megalopanax rex	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus verrucopus is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in China and possibly India.	Rhacophorus verrucopus	species
taxon rank	Leccinum manzanitae is an edible species of bolete fungus in the family Boletaceae.	Leccinum manzanitae	species
taxon rank	Spicara maena, the blotched picarel, is a species of ray-finned fish native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean, the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea.	Spicara maena	species
taxon rank	Betta persephone is a species of gourami endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Johor.	Betta persephone	species
taxon rank	Trifolium jokerstii is a rare species of clover known by the common names Jim's clover and Butte County golden clover.	Trifolium jokerstii	species
taxon rank	Andinobates virolinensis (the Santander poison frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Andinobates virolinensis	species
taxon rank	The New World vulture or condor family Cathartidae contains seven species in five genera, all but one of which are monotypic.	New World vulture	family
taxon rank	Xenacanthus is a genus of prehistoric sharks.	Xenacanthus	genus
taxon rank	Ischnocnema is a genus of frogs from east Brazil and northeast Argentina.	Ischnocnema	genus
taxon rank	The Kings River slender salamander, Batrachoseps regius, is a species of salamander in the Plethodontidae family.	Kings River slender salamander	species
taxon rank	Atlantic bonito share Atlantic waters with the striped bonito, Sarda orientalis (the Atlantic population of which is sometimes considered a separate species, Sarda velox).	Atlantic bonito	species
taxon rank	Anatoma euglypta is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Anatomidae.	Anatoma euglypta	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum fairrieanum is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to Assam.	Paphiopedilum fairrieanum	species
taxon rank	The Common Rain Frog or Strawberry Rain Frog (Breviceps acutirostris) is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family.	Breviceps acutirostris	species
taxon rank	Oedipina is a genus of lungless salamanders, which is characterized by their absence of lungs; they instead achieve respiration through their skin and the tissues lining their mouth.	Oedipina	genus
taxon rank	Fritillaria atropurpurea is a species of fritillary known by several common names, including spotted fritillary, purple fritillary, spotted mountainbells, and spotted missionbells.	Fritillaria atropurpurea	species
taxon rank	Megacephala bostockii is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Castelnau in 1867, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala bostockii	species
taxon rank	Allobates marchesianus (common name: dull rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates marchesianus	species
taxon rank	Yinotheria is a proposed subclass that contains a few fossil mammals of the Mesozoic and the extant monotremes.	Yinotheria	subclass
taxon rank	The Brigantiaeaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Lecanoromycetes.	Brigantiaeaceae	family
taxon rank	Bhidea is a genus of Indian plants in the grass family.	Bhidea	genus
taxon rank	Barn-owls (family Tytonidae) are one of the two families of owls, the other being the true owls or typical owls, Strigidae.	Barn-owl	family
taxon rank	Penstemon caesius is a species of penstemon known by the common name San Bernardino beardtongue.	Penstemon caesius	species
taxon rank	Dolichoropica unicolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dolichoropica.	Dolichoropica unicolor	species
taxon rank	Chenopodium leptophyllum is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by the common name narrowleaf goosefoot.	Chenopodium leptophyllum	species
taxon rank	Actinostrobus acuminatus, commonly known as dwarf cypress, creeping pine or Moore cypress pine, is a species of coniferous tree in the Cupressaceae (cypress family).	Actinostrobus acuminatus	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium parvifolium, the red huckleberry, is a species of Vaccinium native to western North America, where it is common in forests from southeastern Alaska and British Columbia south through western Washington and Oregon to central California.	Vaccinium parvifolium	species
taxon rank	Takakia ceratophylla is a species of moss in the Takakiaceae family.	Takakia ceratophylla	species
taxon rank	Ceratitida is an order that contains almost all ammonoid cephalopod genera from the Triassic as well as ancestral forms from the Upper Permian, the exception being the phylloceratids which gave rise to the great diversity of post Triassic ammonites.	Ceratitida	order
taxon rank	Gobius tetrophthalmus is a species of goby endemic to the Atlantic waters around Cape Verde, western Africa where it is found at depths of from 7 to 25 metres (23 to 82 ft) where it prefers areas with coralline algae though it will also inhabit areas with substrates of sand and rock.	Gobius tetrophthalmus	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Dichrostoptera basilinea, which is found in New Guinea.	Dichrostoptera	species
taxon rank	Achnatherum lemmonii is a species of grass known by the common name Lemmon's needlegrass.	Achnatherum lemmonii	species
taxon rank	The Mentawai langur (Presbytis potenziani) is a species of primate in the family Cercopithecidae.	Mentawai langur	species
taxon rank	Arcobacter halophilus is a species of obligate halophilic bacteria.	Arcobacter halophilus	species
taxon rank	Trimusculus reticulatus is a species of small air-breathing sea snail or false limpet, a pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Trimusculidae, the button snails.	Trimusculus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea fuliginosa is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon, Biliran and Mindanao in the Philippines, where it grows in forest at an altitude of 640-2400 m. This tree fern has an erect trunk up to 5 m tall or more.	Cyathea fuliginosa	species
taxon rank	Penstemon sudans is a species of penstemon known by the common name Susanville beardtongue.	Penstemon sudans	species
taxon rank	Atalaya hemiglauca, commonly known as whitewood or cattle bush, is a species of plant in the soapberry family.	Atalaya hemiglauca	species
taxon rank	Veradia brisbanensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Veradia.	Veradia	species
taxon rank	Eugyrinus is an extinct genus of dendrerpetontid temnospondyl.	Eugyrinus	genus
taxon rank	Bryconella pallidifrons is a species of characin found in the Amazon River basin of Brazil and Peru.	Bryconella pallidifrons	species
taxon rank	Pandemis limitata, the three-lined leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Pandemis limitata	species
taxon rank	Trachydoras steindachneri is a species of thorny catfish native to the Amazon basin of Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru.	Trachydoras steindachneri	species
taxon rank	Musa monticola is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), native to Sabah on the island of Borneo.	Musa monticola	species
taxon rank	Neoscona oaxacensis, known as western spotted orbweaver and zig-zag spider, is a species of spider in the family Araneidae.	Neoscona oaxacensis	species
taxon rank	Vitreoscilla is a genus of Gram-negative aerobic bacterium.	Vitreoscilla	genus
taxon rank	Festuca filiformis, known by the common names fine-leaf sheep fescue, fine-leaved sheep's-fescue, hair fescue, and slender fescue, is a species of grass.	Festuca filiformis	species
taxon rank	Berthelinia ganapati is a species of a sea snail with a shell comprising two separate hinged pieces or valves.	Berthelinia ganapati	species
taxon rank	Dekeyseria amazonica is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Solimões and Amazon basins.	Dekeyseria amazonica	species
taxon rank	Kurixalus bisacculus (common name Taylor's tree frog and many others) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Cambodia, China (Hainan, possibly Yunnan), Laos, and Thailand, and possibly in India and Myanmar.	Kurixalus bisacculus	species
taxon rank	Mochokiella paynei is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Mochokiella of the family Mochokidae.	Mochokiella paynei	species
taxon rank	Werneria (Smalltongue Toads) is a genus of fairly small true toads found near fast-flowing steams in Middle and West Africa with the greatest species richness in the Western High Plateau of Cameroon.	Werneria	genus
taxon rank	Galeodes arabs, common name Egyptian Giant Solpugid or Camel Spider, is a species of solifuges or sun spiders.	Galeodes arabs	species
taxon rank	Dahlella caldariensis is a species of leptostracan crustacean which lives on hydrothermal vents in the Pacific Ocean.	Dahlella	species
taxon rank	Morchella deqinensis is a species of fungus in the familyMorchellaceae found in China.	Morchella deqinensis	species
taxon rank	Dicellopyge is an extinct genus of fish from the Triassic.	Dicellopyge	genus
taxon rank	Lachnaia zoiai is a species of leaf beetles from the subfamily of Cryptocephalinae that inhabits in the southern part of Greece and Crete.	Lachnaia zoiai	species
taxon rank	Conasprella ione, common name the ione cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella ione	species
taxon rank	Cycas panzhihuaensis is a rare and endangered species of cycad known in the wild only from Sichuan and Yunnan provinces in China.	Cycas panzhihuaensis	species
taxon rank	Genlisea africana is a species of carnivorous plant in the genus Genlisea.	Genlisea africana	species
taxon rank	Habronattus clypeatus is a species of jumping spider which occurs in the United States and Mexico.	Habronattus clypeatus	species
taxon rank	Mononchida is an order of nematodes.	Mononchida	order
taxon rank	The true seal tribe Lobodontini, collectively known as the lobodontine seals, consist of four species of seals in four genera: the crabeater seal (Lobodon carcinophaga), the leopard seal (Hydrurga leptonyx), the Weddell seal (Leptonychotes weddelli), and the Ross seal (Ommatophoca rossii).	Lobodontini	tribe
taxon rank	Pachydactylus rangei, the Namib sand gecko or web-footed gecko, is a species of small lizard in the family Gekkonidae.	Pachydactylus rangei	species
taxon rank	Pagurus hirsutiusculus is a species of hermit crab, commonly called the hairy hermit crab.	Pagurus hirsutiusculus	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum gilmanii is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Gilman's buckwheat.	Eriogonum gilmanii	species
taxon rank	Eremogone cliftoniii is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name Clifton's eremogone.	Eremogone cliftonii	species
taxon rank	Maxillaria virguncula is a species of orchid endemic to the Venezuelan Antilles and northern Venezuela.	Maxillaria virguncula	species
taxon rank	More recently, it has been used as the monotypal species for the genus Nochelesaurus (it is not clear what the status of Embrithosaurus strubeni is, this may be a further transitional species).	Embrithosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Vinialesaurus caroli, first described as Cryptocleidus caroli by De la Torre and Rojas in 1949, and redescribed by Gasparini, Bardet and Iturralde in 2002.	Vinialesaurus	species
taxon rank	Leptohyphidae is a family of mayflies with some 140 described species in 12 genera.	Leptohyphidae	family
taxon rank	Melanophryniscus dorsalis is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae which is endemic to the coastal Brazil.	Melanophryniscus dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Vandykea tuberculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Vandykea.	Vandykea	species
taxon rank	Peripsocus bivari is a species of Psocoptera from Peripsocidae family that can be found in Azores and Canary Islands, and sometimes in France and Madeira.	Peripsocus bivari	species
taxon rank	Wittrockia spiralipetala is a species in the genus Wittrockia.	Wittrockia spiralipetala	species
taxon rank	Scorpiodoras heckelii is a species of thorny catfish from the Negro, Orinoco and upper Amazon basins in Brazil and Venezuela.	Scorpiodoras heckelii	species
taxon rank	Myoscolex is an early animal species known from the Cambrian Emu Bay Shale.	Myoscolex	species
taxon rank	Enteropogon is a genus of tropical and subtropical plants in the grass family.	Enteropogon	genus
taxon rank	Fragaria moupinensis is a species of strawberry native to China.	Fragaria moupinensis	species
taxon rank	Plethodidae is an extinct family of teleost fish that existed during the Late Cretaceous period.	Plethodidae	family
taxon rank	Otospermophilus is a genus of ground squirrels in the family Sciuridae, containing three species.	Otospermophilus	genus
taxon rank	Limaria fragilis, the fragile file clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Limidae.	Limaria fragilis	species
taxon rank	Carex serotina (little green sedge) is a species of sedge.	Carex serotina	species
taxon rank	The Himalayan shrike-babbler (Pteruthius ripleyi) is a bird species found in the western Himalayas that belongs to the shrike-babbler group.	Himalayan shrike-babbler	species
taxon rank	Gymnogeophagus tiraparae is a species of Geophagine cichlids.	Gymnogeophagus tiraparae	species
taxon rank	Mastigomycotina is a former polyphyletic taxonomic grouping, a subdivision, of fungi that contained the classes Chytridiomycetes, Hyphochytridiomycetes, and Oomycetes.	Mastigomycotina	subdivision
taxon rank	Velia caprai, known as the water cricket, is a species of aquatic bug found in Europe.	Velia caprai	species
taxon rank	Ptychoderidae is a family of acorn worms.	Ptychoderidae	family
taxon rank	Bobasatrania is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that survived the Permian-Triassic extinction event.	Bobasatrania	genus
taxon rank	Inodrillia acrybia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Horoclavidae.	Inodrillia acrybia	species
taxon rank	Glipostenoda kawasakii is a species of beetle in the Glipostenoda genus.	Glipostenoda kawasakii	species
taxon rank	Uatchitodon is an extinct genus of Late Triassic reptile known only from isolated teeth.	Uatchitodon	genus
taxon rank	Calathus circumseptus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in Albania, France, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Spain, and certain islands.	Calathus circumseptus	species
taxon rank	Ryuthela tanikawai is a species of Ryuthela in the family Liphistiidae.	Ryuthela tanikawai	species
taxon rank	Ophiclinus pectoralis, the Whiteblotch snakeblenny, is a species of clinid found in reefs around western Australia preferring weedy and sandy areas at depths of about 13 metres (43 ft).	Ophiclinus pectoralis	species
taxon rank	Hastula hectica, common name the sandbeach auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Hastula hectica	species
taxon rank	Conus mustelinus, common name the ermine cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus mustelinus	species
taxon rank	Turbo gruneri, common name the Gruner's turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo gruneri	species
taxon rank	Scartella is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic and Indian oceans.	Scartella	genus
taxon rank	Rugomenes is an Indomalayan genus of potter wasps.	Rugomenes	genus
taxon rank	Omnivoropterygidae (meaning ``omnivorous wings'') is a family of primitive avialans known exclusively from the Jiufotang Formation of China.	Omnivoropterygidae	family
taxon rank	Aesculus sylvatica (painted buckeye) is a species of shrub.	Aesculus sylvatica	species
taxon rank	The Platyrhinidae are a family of rays in the order Myliobatiformes, commonly known as thornbacks due to their dorsal rows of large thorns.	Platyrhinidae	family
taxon rank	In taxonomy, the Thermoplasmataceae are a family of the Thermoplasmatales.	Thermoplasmatales	family
taxon rank	Suaeda is a genus of plants also known as seepweeds and seablites.	Suaeda	genus
taxon rank	Meteoria erythrops is a species of blind cusk eel native to the Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of from 4,540 to 5,320 metres (14,900 to 17,450 ft).	Meteoria erythrops	species
taxon rank	The Azores wood pigeon, Columba palumbus azorica (Portuguese: pombo-torcaz-dos-açores) is an endemic subspecies of the common wood pigeon (Columba palumbus), located in the Atlantic Azores islands of Portugal.	Azores wood pigeon	subspecies
taxon rank	Cucumibacter marinus is the only known species of this genus.	Cucumibacter marinus	species
taxon rank	Omorgus costatus is a species of beetle of the family Trogidae that occurs in Australia, Tasmania, the Solomon Islands, New Guinea, Vietnam, Java, India, and China.	Omorgus costatus	species
taxon rank	Allium macleanii is an Asian species of wild onion found at high elevations in Pakistan, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Afghanistan, Nepal, Tajikistan, and northern India.	Allium macleanii	species
taxon rank	Phos senticosus, common name Common Pacific Phos or Thorny Phos, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Phos senticosus	species
taxon rank	Stlengis is a genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean where they are only known from the waters around Japan.	Stlengis	genus
taxon rank	Coreopsis rosea is a North American species of tickseeds in sunflower family.	Coreopsis rosea	species
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus is a genus of frogs endemic to the Western Ghats of southwestern India.	Nyctibatrachus	genus
taxon rank	Dinopithecus was an extinct genus of giant baboon (as big as a grown man) that lived during the Pliocene of South Africa.	Dinopithecus	genus
taxon rank	Costentalina elegans is a species of medium-sized tusk shell, a marine scaphopod mollusk in the family Entalinidae.	Costentalina elegans	species
taxon rank	Stegastes sanctipauli is a species of fish in the Pomacentridae family.	Stegastes sanctipauli	species
taxon rank	Vagaria is a genus of Mediterranean plants in the Amaryllis family, widely cultivated as an ornamental because of its attractive white flowers.	Vagaria	genus
taxon rank	Mimosaimia fruhstorferi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimosaimia.	Mimosaimia fruhstorferi	species
taxon rank	Galeandra lacustris is a species of orchid native to Venezuela, Ecuador and Brazil.	Galeandra lacustris	species
taxon rank	It belongs to the sub family Caesalpinioideae and is the only member of the genus Brenierea.	Brenierea	genus
taxon rank	Cicurina japonica is a spider species found in Korea and Japan (introduced in Europe).	Cicurina japonica	species
taxon rank	Pseudomicrodon is a genus of hoverflies, with 13 known species.	Pseudomicrodon	genus
taxon rank	Capetoxotus rugosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Capetoxotus.	Capetoxotus rugosus	species
taxon rank	Iteaceae is a flowering plant family of trees and shrubs native to the eastern USA, south eastern Africa, and south and Southeastern Asia.	Iteaceae	family
taxon rank	Dryophiops philippina, also known as the Keel-bellied Whipsnake or simply Philippine Whipsnake, a species of rear-fanged colubrid snake that is endemic to the Philippines.	Dryophiops philippina	species
taxon rank	The origin of the name Neoarius berneyi is Greek, with the genus name Neoarius coming from the words neos meaning new and arios, meaning warlike or hostile, in reference to the well developed fin spines, and the species name, berneyi, comes from the ornithologist F. L. Berney.	Neoarius berneyi	species
taxon rank	Blepharisma is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists found in fresh and salt water.	Blepharisma	genus
taxon rank	Aetosauroides (meaning ``Aetosaurus-like'') is an extinct genus of aetosaur from the Late Triassic of South America.	Aetosauroides	genus
taxon rank	Typha shuttleworthii is a species of cattail found in southern Europe as well as in Iran and Turkey.	Typha shuttleworthii	species
taxon rank	Acacia bynoeana, known colloquially as Bynoe's wattle or tiny wattle, is a species of Acacia native to eastern Australia.	Acacia bynoeana	species
taxon rank	Cheirolepis ('hand fin') is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish that lived in the Devonian period of Europe and North America.	Cheirolepis	genus
taxon rank	Packera ganderi is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Gander's ragwort.	Packera ganderi	species
taxon rank	Athyma glora is a species of nymphalid butterfly.	Athyma glora	species
taxon rank	Olea capensis (syn. Olea undulata), also known by the common name black ironwood, is an African tree species belonging to the Olive family (Oleaceae).	Olea capensis	species
taxon rank	Rhizomnium dentatum is an extinct species of moss in the family Mniaceae.	Rhizomnium dentatum	species
taxon rank	Magnolia thailandica is a plant species in the Kmeria section of the genus Magnolia found in Thailand.	Magnolia thailandica	species
taxon rank	Hemidactylus agrius (Country leaf-toed gecko) is a species of gecko from the family of Gekkonidae, found in northeastern Brazil.	Hemidactylus agrius	species
taxon rank	Grindelia (gumweed) is a genus of plants native to the Americas belonging to the sunflower family.	Grindelia	genus
taxon rank	Culex asteliae is a species of mosquito from the Culicidae family that is endemic to New Zealand.	Culex asteliae	species
taxon rank	Myrceugenia correifolia is a species of evergreen woody flowering shrub belonging to the Myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Myrceugenia correifolia	species
taxon rank	Welcommia is an extinct genus of shark.	Welcommia	genus
taxon rank	Allium daninianum is a species of onion found in Israel, Syria, Lebanon, Palestine and Jordan.	Allium daninianum	species
taxon rank	Neoplectrura breedlovei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neoplectrura.	Neoplectrura breedlovei	species
taxon rank	Ego zebra is a species of goby native to the Arabian Sea off the coast of Oman where it is found at a depth of about 21 metres (69 ft) inhabiting open waters near small cracks and holes available for refuge.	Ego zebra	species
taxon rank	Viola arborescens is a species of Viola and is also known as the tree violet.	Viola arborescens	species
taxon rank	Leurocycloceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod, essentially a Nautiloid, that lived in what would be North America, Europe, and Asia during the Silurian from 443.7--418.7 mya, existing for approximately 25 million years.	Leurocycloceras	genus
taxon rank	Nathalis is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae.	Nathalis	genus
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos pungens, with the common name pointleaf manzanita, is a species of manzanita.	Arctostaphylos pungens	species
taxon rank	Uranophenga lemniscata is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Uranophenga.	Uranophenga lemniscata	species
taxon rank	Aspergillus fumigatus is a fungus of the genus Aspergillus, and is one of the most common Aspergillus species to cause disease in individuals with an immunodeficiency.	Aspergillus fumigatus	species
taxon rank	Procottus gotoi is one of the four species of Procottus, a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal, Siberia.	Procottus gotoi	species
taxon rank	The Somabrachyidae are a family of moths in the order Lepidoptera.	Somabrachyidae	family
taxon rank	The class Phycomycetes has been abolished and in its place exists Zygomycetes, Chytridiomycetes, Plasmodiophoromycetes, Hyphochytridiomycetes, Trichomycetes (including Harpellales, Asellariales, Eccrinales and Amoebidiales) and Oomycetes.	Phycomycetes	class
taxon rank	Empusidae is a family consisting of 9 genera of mantises.	Empusidae	family
taxon rank	Lebia is a genus of predatory ground beetles.	Lebia	genus
taxon rank	Multilocus allozyme genotype data show that Microphallus turgidus is a single outbred species with high levels of gene flow among South Island populations.	Microphallus turgidus	species
taxon rank	Breizhops is a genus of trilobite in the order Phacopida, which existed in what is now Brittany, France.	Breizhops	genus
taxon rank	Ancula gibbosa, common name Atlantic ancula, is a species of dorid nudibranch.	Ancula gibbosa	species
taxon rank	The Chadwick Beach cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus restrictus) is a presumed extinct subspecies of the cotton mouse (Peromyscus gossypinus).	Chadwick Beach cotton mouse	subspecies
taxon rank	Megazostrodon is the only well-known genus of the family Megazostrodontidae.	Megazostrodon	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus nanus is an extinct species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Pseudophilautus nanus	species
taxon rank	Alishewanella is a genus in the phylum Proteobacteria (bacteria).	Alishewanella	genus
taxon rank	Canthocamptidae is a family of copepods.	Canthocamptidae	family
taxon rank	Ascidiella aspersa is a species of solitary sea squirts native to the northeastern Atlantic, from the Mediterranean Sea to Norway.	Ascidiella aspersa	species
taxon rank	Endogonopsis is a poorly known fungal genus, provisionally placed in the Diplocystaceae family.	Endogonopsis	genus
taxon rank	Austrotaxus spicata, the New Caledonia Yew or Southern Yew, is a species of yew, the sole species in the genus Austrotaxus.	Austrotaxus	genus
taxon rank	Loxococcus rupicola is a species of palm tree, and the only species in the genus Loxococcus.	Loxococcus	species
taxon rank	Halaphritis platycephala is a species of thornfish native to the Indian Ocean waters off of Tasmania where it can be found at depths of from 5 to 13 metres (16 to 43 ft) preferring caves and other low-light habitats.	Halaphritis platycephala	species
taxon rank	Erica ventricosa is a species of plant in the Ericaceae family native to South Africa.	Erica ventricosa	species
taxon rank	Boaedon is a genus of African Lamprophiids consisting of the ``Brown'' House Snakes.	Boaedon	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces albospinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Akita City in Japan.	Streptomyces albospinus	species
taxon rank	Eopneumatosuchus is an extinct genus of basal crocodyliform.	Eopneumatosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Galium grande is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name San Gabriel bedstraw.	Galium grande	species
taxon rank	Inbiocystiscus is a genus of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Cystiscidae.	Inbiocystiscus	genus
taxon rank	Bickmorites is an extinct nautiloid cephalopod genus known from the upper Ordovician to the middle Silurian of North America and northern Europe (Norway).	Bickmorites	genus
taxon rank	Peltigera aphthosa is a species of lichen known by the common names green dog lichen, leafy lichen, felt lichen, and common freckle pelt.	Peltigera aphthosa	species
taxon rank	Acleisanthes parvifolia, common names littleleaf moonpod and Big Bend trumpets, is a plant species native to northeastern Chihuahua and western Texas.	Acleisanthes parvifolia	species
taxon rank	Scincopus is a monotypic genus of skinks, the only accepted species is Scincopus fasciatus.	Scincopus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	The Sarcoptidae family of mites contains the genus Sarcoptes.	Sarcoptidae	family
taxon rank	Polygonum humifusum is an Asian and North American species of plants in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum humifusum	species
taxon rank	South Hills crossbill rarely interbreeds with other call types that move into the South Hills of Idaho yearly, and can be considered to represent a distinct species via ecological speciation.	South Hills crossbill	species
taxon rank	Ulopa reticulata is the species of bugs from Cicadellidae family.	Ulopa reticulata	species
taxon rank	Acromantis palauana, common name Palau Acromantis, is a species of praying mantis native to Palau.	Acromantis palauana	species
taxon rank	Purpuradusta fimbriata, common name : the fringed cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Purpuradusta fimbriata	species
taxon rank	The Papuan parrotfinch (Erythrura papuana) is a common species of estrildid finch found in Indonesia's Papua province and Papua New Guinea.	Papuan parrotfinch	species
taxon rank	Hemierana marginata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hemierana.	Hemierana marginata	species
taxon rank	Shastasaurus (``Mt. Shasta lizard'') is an extinct genus of ichthyosaur from the middle and late Triassic, and is the largest marine reptile that has yet been found.	Shastasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Tanzanonautes tuerkayi is a species of fossil freshwater crab from Tanzania, the only species in the genus Tanzanonautes.	Tanzanonautes	species
taxon rank	The Sulu pygmy woodpecker (Picoides ramsayi), also known as the Sulu woodpecker, is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Sulu pygmy woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Carex aboriginum is a species of sedge endemic to Idaho in the western United States, known as Indian Valley sedge.	Carex aboriginum	species
taxon rank	Percina kusha, the bridled darter, is a species of fish in the Percidae family..	Percina kusha	species
taxon rank	Cedrela fissilis is a species of tree in the family Meliaceae.	Cedrela fissilis	species
taxon rank	Calochortus macrocarpus, also known as sagebrush mariposa lily, is a North American species of bulbous perennials in the Lily family.	Calochortus macrocarpus	species
taxon rank	Limnonectes is a genus of fork-tongued frogs of about 64 known species, but new ones are still being described occasionally.	Limnonectes	genus
taxon rank	The genus Hypsugo contains many bats referred to as pipistrelles or pipistrelle bats.	Hypsugo	genus
taxon rank	Antisclerota dicentris is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Antisclerota.	Antisclerota dicentris	species
taxon rank	Rhinactinidia is a genus of Asian plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Rhinactinidia	genus
taxon rank	Galeichthys ater, the Black sea catfish, is a species of sea catfish found in South Africa and Namibia.	Galeichthys ater	species
taxon rank	Parastrephia lepidophylla, commonly known as tola or tola tola, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Parastrephia lepidophylla	species
taxon rank	Quadrula tuberosa, common name the rough rockshell, is a species of freshwater mussel.	Quadrula tuberosa	species
taxon rank	Holochilus chacarius, also known as the Chacoan marsh rat or Chaco marsh rat, is a semiaquatic rodent species in the family Cricetidae.	Holochilus chacarius	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Leucorhodia ragua, which is found in Guatemala.	Leucorhodia	species
taxon rank	Macrohammus deyrollei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Macrohammus.	Macrohammus deyrollei	species
taxon rank	Compsura is a genus of characins containing two described species.	Compsura	genus
taxon rank	Nassa serta, common name the sertum rock shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassa serta	species
taxon rank	Suillus pungens, commonly known as the pungent slippery jack or the pungent suillus, is a species of fungus in the genus Suillus.	Suillus pungens	species
taxon rank	Acanthocardia aculeata, common name spiny cockle, is a species of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs in the family Cardiidae.	Acanthocardia aculeata	species
taxon rank	Nolina greenei, woodland beargrass, is a plant species native to the United States.	Nolina greenei	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Pareupithecia spadix, which is found in the Russian Far East (southern Primorje), Korea, Japan (Honshu) and China (Shanxi).	Pareupithecia	species
taxon rank	Cyrtostachys elegans is a flowering plant species in the genus Cyrtostachys.	Cyrtostachys elegans	species
taxon rank	Psila fimetaria is a European species of fly and member of the family Psilidae.	Psila fimetaria	species
taxon rank	Panchlora nivea, the Cuban cockroach or green banana cockroach, is a small species of cockroach found in Cuba and the Caribbean, and along the Gulf Coast from Florida to Texas, and has been observed as far north as Summerville, South Carolina.	Panchlora nivea	species
taxon rank	Cryosophila warscewiczii is a species of flowering plant in the Arecaceae family, endemic to Central America.	Cryosophila warscewiczii	species
taxon rank	Psathyrella spadicea, commonly known as the chestnut brittlestem, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Psathyrellaceae.	Psathyrella spadicea	species
taxon rank	Theriodes sandakanensis is a species of loach found only in northern Borneo.	Theriodes sandakanensis	species
taxon rank	Suillus albidipes is a species of edible mushroom in the genus Suillus native to North America.	Suillus albidipes	species
taxon rank	Allium massaessylum is a Western Mediterranean species of wild onion native to Spain, Portugal, Morocco, and Algeria.	Allium massaessylum	species
taxon rank	Calectasia intermedia, commonly known as blue tinsel-lily or eastern tinsel lily is a species of flowering plant in the family Dasypogonaceae, native to the border areas of western Victoria and south-eastern South Australia and flowering in early spring.	Calectasia intermedia	species
taxon rank	Potentilla angelliae is a rare species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names Angell cinquefoil and Boulder Mountain cinquefoil.	Potentilla angelliae	species
taxon rank	Brachyopa is a genus of hoverflies whose grey and brown colouration is unusual for this family and these flies can easily be overlooked amongst members of other fly families.	Brachyopa	genus
taxon rank	Centaurea phrygia (wig knapweed) is a species of Centaurea.	Centaurea phrygia	species
taxon rank	Collinsia linearis is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name narrowleaf blue-eyed Mary.	Collinsia linearis	species
taxon rank	Beringius kenicottii, common name Kenicott's beringius, is a species of sea snail or true whelk, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Beringius kenicottii	species
taxon rank	The Methylophilaceae are a family of Proteobacteria, given their own order.	Methylophilaceae	family
taxon rank	Trachyrincus is a genus of rattails in the family Trachyrincidae.	Trachyrincus	genus
taxon rank	Clypeaster australasiae, the Australasian sand dollar, is a species of sea urchins of the Family Clypeasteridae.	Clypeaster australasiae	species
taxon rank	Cardiocondyla zoserka is a species of ant in the genus Cardiocondyla.	Cardiocondyla zoserka	species
taxon rank	The Nerillidae are a family of invertebrates containing these genera:	Nerillidae	family
taxon rank	Glossogobius matanensis is a species of goby endemic to Sulawesi, Indonesia where it is only known from Lake Matano, Lake Mahalona and Lake Towuti.	Glossogobius matanensis	species
taxon rank	Conus hyaena, common name the hyena cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus hyaena	species
taxon rank	Tropaeolum tricolor, the three-coloured Indian cress, is a species of perennial plant in the family Tropaeolaceae.	Tropaeolum tricolor	species
taxon rank	Cactodera cacti was first discovered in 1932 affecting various species of cactus.	Cactodera cacti	species
taxon rank	Hoplolaimus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lance nematodes.	Hoplolaimus	genus
taxon rank	Ardisia solanacea, called shoebutton ardisia in English, is a species of the genus Ardisia in family Primulaceae (subfamily Myrsinoideae).	Ardisia solanacea	species
taxon rank	The Chilostomellacea constitute a superfamily of Foraminifera within the order, Rotaliida.	Chilostomellacea	superfamily
taxon rank	Megacephala speciosa is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Chaudoir in 1860, and is endemic to Brazil.	Megacephala speciosa	species
taxon rank	Epicrates gracilis, known commonly as the Haitian tree boa, is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Boidae family.	Epicrates gracilis	species
taxon rank	Methanocalculus halotolerans is a species of archaeon, the type species of its genus.	Methanocalculus halotolerans	species
taxon rank	Dalbergia louvelii (violet rosewood) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Dalbergia louvelii	species
taxon rank	Florestina is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family, native to Texas, Mexico, and Central America.	Florestina	genus
taxon rank	Ophiotaenia is a genus of tapeworms in the Proteocephalidae family.	Ophiotaenia	genus
taxon rank	Based on differences in bony plates on the head, the presence or absence of gular folds, and head shape, Gambelia sila was reclassified into the genus Gambelia by Smith in 1946, retaining the species name silus.	Gambelia sila	species
taxon rank	The genus Nysius in the insect family Lygaeidae, contains approximately 106 species throughout the world.	Nysius	genus
taxon rank	Orchis spitzelii is a species of orchid found from Sweden (Gotland), eastern Spain to the Caucasus and northwestern Africa.	Orchis spitzelii	species
taxon rank	The new species was placed in a separate genus, Dinochelus, whose name derives from the Greek roots δεινός (dinos), meaning ``terrible'' or ``fearful'', and χηλή (chela), meaning ``claw''.	Dinochelus	species
taxon rank	Diastella is a genus containing seven species of flowering plants, commonly known as ``silkypuffs'', in the protea family.	Diastella	genus
taxon rank	Pinus jaliscana, the Jalisco pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus jaliscana	species
taxon rank	Artemisia absinthium (absinthium, absinthe wormwood, wormwood, common wormwood, green ginger or grand wormwood) is a species of Artemisia, native to temperate regions of Eurasia and Northern Africa and widely naturalized in Canada and the northern United States.	Artemisia absinthium	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus halophilus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to the Canary Islands.	Orthotylus halophilus	species
taxon rank	Briggera is a genus of diatom known from the fossil record.	Briggera	genus
taxon rank	Agnosphitys (/ˌæɡnoʊsˈfaɪtᵻs/; ``unknown begetter''; sometimes mistakenly called Agnostiphys or Agnosphytis) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Triassic of Avon, England.	Agnosphitys	genus
taxon rank	Scaphopetalum is a genus previously classified under the plant family Sterculiaceae.	Scaphopetalum	genus
taxon rank	Hexagonites is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order, Nautilida which includes the genus Nautilus found living in the tropical western Pacific.	Hexagonites	genus
taxon rank	Cassianellidae is a small extinct family of prehistoric bivalves which lived from the Middle Triassic, Ladinian stage through the Late Triassic Norian stage.	Cassianellidae	family
taxon rank	Lupinus albicaulis is a species of lupine known by the common name sicklekeel lupine.	Lupinus albicaulis	species
taxon rank	Rhabdolepis is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Late Permian epoch.	Rhabdolepis	genus
taxon rank	Picea meyeri (Meyer's spruce; Chinese: 白杄; pinyin: báiqiān) is a species of spruce native to Nei Mongol in the northeast to Gansu in the southwest and also inhabiting Shanxi, Hebei and Shaanxi.	Picea meyeri	species
taxon rank	Rhodostrophiini is a tribe of the geometer moth family (Geometridae), with about 200 species in 17 genera and five genera tentatively associated with the tribe.	Rhodostrophiini	tribe
taxon rank	Stein's rat (Rattus steini), also known as the small spiny rat, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Stein's rat	species
taxon rank	Scopulophila is a small genus of flowering plants in the pink family.	Scopulophila	genus
taxon rank	Pristimantis leoni is an endangered species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Pristimantis leoni	species
taxon rank	Hippodraco (``horse'' (hippos in Greek) and ``dragon'' (draco in Latin)) is a genus of herbivorous iguanodontian dinosaur.	Hippodraco	genus
taxon rank	Gentiana olivieri (Chinese: xie wan que qin jiao) is a plant species in the genus Gentiana found in Asia.	Gentiana olivieri	species
taxon rank	Cerobasis amorosa is a species of Psocoptera from the Trogiidae family that is endemic to Cyprus.	Cerobasis amorosa	species
taxon rank	Arthrolycosidae is an extinct family of primitive spiders that bear some resemblance to the wolf spiders.	Arthrolycosidae	family
taxon rank	Anchiceratops (/ˌæŋkiˈsɛrətɒps/ ANG-key-SERR-ə-tops) is an extinct genus of chasmosaurine ceratopsid dinosaur that lived approximately 72 to 71 million years ago during the latter part of the Cretaceous Period in what is now Alberta, Canada.	Anchiceratops	genus
taxon rank	Fucomimus mus, the Mousey klipfish, is a species of clinid found in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean along the South African coast where it occurs in tide pools.	Fucomimus mus	species
taxon rank	Hemiphlebia mirabilis, commonly known as the ancient greenling, is a species of damselfly in the family Hemiphlebiidae.	Hemiphlebia mirabilis	species
taxon rank	Euplica turturina, common name : the turtle dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Euplica turturina	species
taxon rank	Chirostoma bartoni, the Alberca silverside, was a species of neotropical silverside endemic to the Lerma River basin of Mexico.	Chirostoma bartoni	species
taxon rank	Dissostichus is a genus of cod icefishes found in the southern oceans.	Dissostichus	genus
taxon rank	Gagata melanopterus is a species of sisorid catfish endemic to Myanmar where it occurs in the Irrawaddy, Sittang and lower Salween River basins.	Gagata melanopterus	species
taxon rank	Palaemonoidea is a large superfamily of shrimp, containing nearly 1,000 species.	Palaemonoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Hyperaulax ridleyi is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Odontostomidae.	Hyperaulax ridleyi	species
taxon rank	Serpula himantioides is a species of fungus that causes damage to timber referred to as dry rot.	Serpula himantioides	species
taxon rank	Nupserhoglenea cerrutii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Nupserhoglenea.	Nupserhoglenea cerrutii	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium hirsutum is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name hairy blueberry.	Vaccinium hirsutum	species
taxon rank	Heterophyes nocens is a species of a trematode, or fluke worm, in the family Heterophyidae.	Heterophyes nocens	species
taxon rank	The Deare's Dendrobium (Dendrobium dearei) is a species of orchid of the genus Dendrobium.	Dendrobium dearei	species
taxon rank	Dendrelaphis bifrenalis, commonly Boulenger's Bronzeback (Sinhala: පදුරු හාල්දන්ඩා, Paduru Haaldanda in Sinhala), is a terrestrial species of diurnal non poisonous snake found in Sri Lanka and southern India.	Dendrelaphis bifrenalis	species
taxon rank	Hatschbachiella is a genus of South American flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Hatschbachiella	genus
taxon rank	Synodontis congicus is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo where it occurs in the upper and middle Congo Basin.	Synodontis congicus	species
taxon rank	Myrmecoris gracilis is a species of flightless Hemipteran bug from the family Miridae.	Myrmecoris gracilis	species
taxon rank	Tapinocephalus (``humble head'') is a genus of large herbivorous dinocephalian that lived during the Middle Permian Period.	Tapinocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Cleistocactus is a genus of columnar cacti native to mountainous areas - to 3,000 m (9,843 ft) - of Peru, Uruguay, Bolivia and Argentina.	Cleistocactus	genus
taxon rank	Tibia fusus, common name Spindle tibia or Shinbone Tibia Gastropod, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Tibia fusus	species
taxon rank	Eatonella is a North American genus of plants in the daisy family containing the single known species Eatonella nivea, which is calledby the common name white false tickhead.	Eatonella	species
taxon rank	Aplocheilichthys sp. nov. 'Naivasha' was a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family.	Aplocheilichthys sp. nov. 'Naivasha'	species
taxon rank	Speleophriidae is a family of copepods, comprising seven genera.	Speleophriidae	family
taxon rank	Procambarus angustatus was a species of crayfish in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus angustatus	species
taxon rank	Patagonophorus is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species, Patagonophorus murinus, which is known from Argentina and Chile.	Patagonophorus	genus
taxon rank	Rhabdorrhynchus is a genus of weevil found in Central Europe.	Rhabdorrhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Acraea alicia is a member of the Acraea bonasia species group see Acraea.	Acraea alicia	species
taxon rank	Jeletzkytes is an extinct genus of scaphatoid ammonite cephalopod mollusc from the Upper Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) of North America named and described by Riccardi, 1983.	Jeletzkytes	genus
taxon rank	Asplundia brunneistigma is a species of largely terrestrial plant (although sometimes shortly climbing) belonging to the family Cyclanthaceae.	Asplundia brunneistigma	species
taxon rank	Pomacea canaliculata, common name the channeled applesnail, is a species of large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Pomacea canaliculata	species
taxon rank	Aeger is a genus of fossil prawns.	Aeger	genus
taxon rank	Phacelia parryi is a species of phacelia known by the common name Parry's phacelia.	Phacelia parryi	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis tef, teff, Williams lovegrass, annual bunch grass, taf (Amharic: ጤፍ? ṭēff; Tigrinya: ጣፍ? ṭaff), or xaafii (Oromo), is an annual grass, a species of lovegrass native to Ethiopia and Eritrea.	Eragrostis tef	species
taxon rank	Squamatoherpia is a genus of pholidoskepian solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like, marine mollusks.	Squamatoherpia	genus
taxon rank	Epidendrum floridense Hágsater (Florida star orchid) is a threatened species of orchid native to southern Florida, in the Everglades and in the region around Lake Okeechobee.	Epidendrum floridense	species
taxon rank	Distichodus rufigiensis is a species of freshwater fish in the Distichodontidae family.	Distichodus rufigiensis	species
taxon rank	Ribes sanguineum, the flowering currant, redflower currant, or red-flowering currant, is North American a species of flowering plant in the family Grossulariaceae, native to western United States and Canada (British Columbia, Washington, Idaho, Oregon, California).	Ribes sanguineum	species
taxon rank	Skimmia laureola is species of shrub grown as an ornamental plant.	Skimmia laureola	species
taxon rank	The Stenopsychidae are a family of medium to large caddisflies, some of which are noted for their black and gold wing patterns.	Stenopsychidae	family
taxon rank	Aprosmictus is a genus of parrots in the Psittaculidae family.	Aprosmictus	genus
taxon rank	Salpa fusiformis, sometimes known as the common salp, is the most widespread species of salp.	Salpa fusiformis	species
taxon rank	Lepas anserifera is a species of goose barnacle or stalked barnacle in the family Lepadidae.	Lepas anserifera	species
taxon rank	Eurymela is a genus of leafhoppers.	Eurymela	genus
taxon rank	Minaria is a genus of flowering plants formerly belonging to the plant family Asclepiadaceae, now considered to be part of the Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 2006.	Minaria	genus
taxon rank	Masillatrogon is an extinct genus of trogon.	Masillatrogon	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophistomis pallida is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Pseudophistomis.	Pseudophistomis	species
taxon rank	Onoclea is a genus of plants in the Onocleaceae family, native to moist habitats in eastern Asia and eastern North America.	Onoclea	genus
taxon rank	Megadontognathus is a genus of ghost knifefishes from tropical South America.	Megadontognathus	genus
taxon rank	Achnatherum nelsonii is a species of grass known by the common names Columbia needlegrass, subalpine needlegrass, and western needlegrass.	Achnatherum nelsonii	species
taxon rank	Carex rossii, commonly known as Ross's sedge, is a hardy, monoecious species of sedge that is often a pioneer species in areas with little or no established vegetation, or in places where disturbance has occurred.	Carex rossii	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea avicula is a species of orchid endemic to Panama.	Stanhopea avicula	species
taxon rank	Manorina is a genus of Australian endemic honeyeaters, containing four species: the black-eared miner (M. melanotis) the yellow-throated miner (M. flavigula), the noisy miner (M. melanocephala) and the bell miner (M. melanophrys).	Manorina	genus
taxon rank	Megasoma is a rhinoceros beetle genus.	Megasoma	genus
taxon rank	Betta mandor is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Borneo where it is only known from the Indonesian province of Kalimantan Barat where it is found in the Kapuas basin.	Betta mandor	species
taxon rank	Streptococcus iniae is a species of Gram-positive, sphere-shaped bacterium belonging to the genus Streptococcus.	Streptococcus iniae	species
taxon rank	Leptogorgia virgulata, commonly known as the sea whip or colorful sea whip, is a species of soft coral in the family Gorgoniidae.	Leptogorgia virgulata	species
taxon rank	Agrostis (bent or bentgrass) is a large and very nearly cosmopolitan genus of plants in the grass family, found in nearly all the countries in the world.	Agrostis	genus
taxon rank	Bidens cosmoides, commonly known as the cosmosflower beggarticks, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Bidens cosmoides	species
taxon rank	Callionymus doryssus is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Japan.	Callionymus doryssus	species
taxon rank	Bandera virginella is a species of snout moth in the genus Bandera.	Bandera virginella	species
taxon rank	Dinoponera lucida is a large queenless species of ant in the subfamily Ponerinae.	Dinoponera lucida	species
taxon rank	Pyrenasaurus is an extinct genus of lizard that includes only one species, the type species Pyrenasaurus evansae, which lived around the Pyrenees mountains during the Late Eocene.	Pyrenasaurus	genus
taxon rank	Eonycteris is a genus of megabats found in Asia.	Eonycteris	genus
taxon rank	Botrychium boreale, commonly called Northern Moonwort, is a species of fern.	Botrychium boreale	species
taxon rank	Epischnia thewysi is a species of snout moth in the genus Epischnia.	Epischnia thewysi	species
taxon rank	Scopulariopsis is a genus of anamorphic fungi that are saprobic and pathogenic to animals.	Scopulariopsis	genus
taxon rank	Ogcocephalidae is a family of anglerfish specifically adapted for a benthic lifestyle of crawling about on the seafloor.	Ogcocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Neophrida aurolimbalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Neophrida.	Neophrida aurolimbalis	species
taxon rank	The Black Sea Urchin, Stomopneustes variolaris is a species of sea urchin, the only one in its genus Stomopneustes and only species still alive in its family Stomopneustidae.	Stomopneustes variolaris	species
taxon rank	Penicillium coprobium is an anamorph fungus species of the genus of Penicillium which produces pyripyropene A, roquefortine C, penicillic acid and patulin.	Penicillium coprobium	species
taxon rank	Rickettsia peacockii is a species of gram negative Alphaproteobacteria of the spotted fever group, identified from Rocky Mountain wood ticks (Dermacentor andersoni).	Rickettsia peacockii	species
taxon rank	Sycomacophila is an Afrotropical genus of gall wasps that live on the monoecious fig subgenus, Sycomorus.	Sycomacophila	genus
taxon rank	It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985, and the type species is Ibexaspis quattuor, which was originally described under the genus Protopliomerops as the subspecies P. quattuor brevis by Young in 1973.	Ibexaspis	genus
taxon rank	Trichalphus pilosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Trichalphus.	Trichalphus	species
taxon rank	Exserohilum inaequale is a species of fungus in the family Pleosporaceae.	Exserohilum inaequale	species
taxon rank	Pinus praetermissa, commonly known as McVaugh's pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus praetermissa	species
taxon rank	Gonodactylus smithii, the purple spot mantis shrimp, is a species of mantis shrimp of the smasher type.	Gonodactylus smithii	species
taxon rank	Lucina pensylvanica, or the Pennsylvania lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Lucina pensylvanica	species
taxon rank	Ranella olearium, common name the wandering triton or the little frog triton or olive trumpet, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ranellidae, the tritons.	Ranella olearium	species
taxon rank	Phyllocladus toatoa, known as Toatoa (Māori) or Blue Celery Pine is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family, endemic to New Zealand.	Phyllocladus toatoa	species
taxon rank	Agaricus californicus is similar in general appearance to many other Agaricus species, especially to A. campestris, A. cupreobrunneus, and A. bisporus, which are commonly collected for the table.	Agaricus californicus	species
taxon rank	Eulithomyrmex is an extinct genus of ant in the formicid subfamily Agroecomyrmecinae.	Eulithomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Rhododendron wardii (黄杯杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern Sichuan, southeastern Xizang, and northwestern Yunnan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 3000--4600 meters.	Rhododendron wardii	species
taxon rank	Cephalanthera, abbreviated Ceph in horticultural trade, is a genus of mostly terrestrial orchids.	Cephalanthera	genus
taxon rank	Fusinus genticus is a species of predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails and tulip snails.	Fusinus genticus	species
taxon rank	Telema tenella is a species of spider in the family Telemidae.	Telema tenella	species
taxon rank	Vizella is a genus of leaf-inhabiting fungi in the class Dothideomycetes, and the type genus of the family Vizellaceae.	Vizella	genus
taxon rank	Apocopis is a genus of Asian plants in the grass family, widespread in China, the Indian Subcontinent, and Southeast Asia, including several species endemic to Myanmar (Burma).	Apocopis	genus
taxon rank	Ptecticus is an Old World genus of flies in the family Stratiomyidae.	Ptecticus	genus
taxon rank	Chrysomantis cervoides is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Congo River region, formerly called the Zaire River, located in Africa.	Chrysomantis cervoides	species
taxon rank	Arietitidae is a family of true ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Psilocerataceae.	Arietitidae	family
taxon rank	Actaeomorpha is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae, containing the following species:	Actaeomorpha	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Sphaerodothella danthoniae.	Sphaerodothella	species
taxon rank	Rosa rubiginosa (sweet briar, sweetbriar rose, sweet brier or eglantine; syn. R. eglanteria) is a species of rose native to Europe and western Asia.	Rosa rubiginosa	species
taxon rank	Nausithoe aurea is a species of crown jellyfish found off the southeastern coast of Brazil.	Nausithoe aurea	species
taxon rank	Uramphisopus pearsoni is a species of isopod crustacean in the family Phreatoicidae.	Uramphisopus	species
taxon rank	Solanum erianthum is a species of nightshade that is native to southern North America and northern South America.	Solanum erianthum	species
taxon rank	Bredana is a genus of jumping spiders that occurs in the USA.	Bredana	genus
taxon rank	Areca gurita is an extant species of single-stemmed palm tree (genus Areca) indigenous to the Malaysian state of Sarawak on Borneo.	Areca gurita	species
taxon rank	Proserpinus flavofasciata, the Yellow-banded Day Sphinx, is a species of hawk moth which occurs at the edges of, and in clearings in, boreal and mountain forests across Canada, as far south as Maine and Massachusetts in the east and as far north as Alaska in the west.	Proserpinus flavofasciata	species
taxon rank	Panopea abrupta is an extinct species of large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Hiatellidae.	Panopea abrupta	species
taxon rank	Soederberghia is a genus of prehistoric lungfish that lived during the late Devonian period.	Soederberghia	genus
taxon rank	Dictyostelium is a genus of single- and multi-celled eukaryotic, phagotrophic bacterivores.	Dictyostelium	genus
taxon rank	Quebecoceras is an extinct genus from the nautiloid order Ellesmerocerida that lived during the Gasconadian Stage at the beginning of the Early Ordovician.	Quebecoceras	genus
taxon rank	Dolopharoides meruanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dolopharoides.	Dolopharoides meruanus	species
taxon rank	Myrmecium bifasciatum is an ant-mimicking spider species found in Brazil and French Guiana.	Myrmecium bifasciatum	species
taxon rank	Rubus cubitans, the sprawling dewberry, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus cubitans	species
taxon rank	Renanthera imschootiana is a species of orchid occurring from the eastern Himalaya to China (southeastern Yunnan) and Vietnam.	Renanthera imschootiana	species
taxon rank	Edmontosaurus (/ɛdˌmɒntəˈsɔːrəs/ ed-MON-tə-SAWR-əs) is a genus of hadrosaurid (duck-billed) dinosaur.	Edmontosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Lamprima aenea is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae, that is found in on Norfolk Island.	Lamprima aenea	species
taxon rank	Ancylus ashangiensis is a species of very small, air-breathing, freshwater snail or limpet.	Ancylus ashangiensis	species
taxon rank	Acantholycosa katunensis is a species of wolf spider only known from the Katun Mountain Range in the Russian part of the Altai Mountains.	Acantholycosa katunensis	species
taxon rank	Buccinoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of very small to large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Buccinoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Conomurex luhuanus, common name the Strawberry conch, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Strombidae, the true conchs.	Conomurex luhuanus	species
taxon rank	Chronoxenus walshi is a species of ant of the Chronoxenus genus.	Chronoxenus walshi	species
taxon rank	Lewisia cantelovii is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the purslane family known by the common name Cantelow's lewisia.	Lewisia cantelovii	species
taxon rank	Paradoxoglanis cryptus is a species of electric catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where it occurs in the Kagala River.	Paradoxoglanis cryptus	species
taxon rank	†Partula callifera was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula callifera	species
taxon rank	Margarites albolineatus is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Margaritidae, the turban snails.	Margarites albolineatus	species
taxon rank	Discosoma (synonym Actinodiscus), commonly known as mushroom coral, sometimes incorrectly as mushroom anemone or disc anemone, are a genus of soft coral native to the Indian ocean, and commonly collected, worldwide, as an easy coral to grow in marine aquaria.	Discosoma	genus
taxon rank	Metopium toxiferum (poisonwood, Florida poisontree, hog gum) is a species of flowering tree in the cashew or sumac family, Anacardiaceae, that is native to the American neotropics.	Metopium toxiferum	species
taxon rank	Hanleya is a genus of polyplacophoran mollusc known from Oligocene and Miocene fossils; it is represented today by a number of species including H. sinica Xu 1990 (China), H. brachyplax (Brazil) and H. hanleyi Bean in Thorpe, 1844 (Chile), which feeds on sponges.	Hanleya	genus
taxon rank	Petrotilapia nigra is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it prefers areas with rocky substrates.	Petrotilapia nigra	species
taxon rank	Megacephala aequinoctialis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Dejean in 1825.	Megacephala aequinoctialis	species
taxon rank	Capitulum mitella is the only species in the genus.	Capitulum mitella	species
taxon rank	``Candidatus Scalindua'' is a bacterial genus, member of the order Planctomycetes.	Scalindua	genus
taxon rank	Chloris virgata is a species of grass known by the common names feather fingergrass feathery Rhodes-grass and feather windmillgrass.	Chloris virgata	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Orthorisma netunaria, which is found in Brunei, Malaysia (Sabah, Sarawak) and Indonesia (Kalimantan, Natuna Islands, Sumatra).	Orthorisma	species
taxon rank	Pomaderris vellea, commonly known as Woolly Pomaderris, is a shrub species that is native to the states of New South Wales and Queensland in Australia.	Pomaderris vellea	species
taxon rank	Halesia tetraptera, commonly known as the common silverbell or mountain silverbell (or Carolina silverbell; syn. Halesia carolina auct. non L.), is a species in the family Styracaceae, native to the southeastern United States.	Halesia tetraptera	species
taxon rank	Hipparion (Greek, ``pony'') is an extinct genus of horse living in North America, Asia, Europe, and Africa during the Miocene through Pleistocene ~23 Mya--781,000 years ago, existing for 22 million years.	Hipparion	genus
taxon rank	Actinomyces radicidentis is a species in the genus of Actinomyces, first isolated from infected root canals of teeth.	Actinomyces radicidentis	species
taxon rank	Patrobus is a genus of ground beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe) and the Nearctic.	Patrobus	genus
taxon rank	Malasaurus is an extinct genus of therocephalian therapsid which existed in Russia.	Malasaurus	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Geridixis minx, which is found in Panama.	Geridixis	species
taxon rank	Thrixspermum saruwatarii is a species of orchid native central and southern Taiwan.	Thrixspermum saruwatarii	species
taxon rank	Prolagus osmolskae is an extinct species in the genus Prolagus.	Prolagus osmolskae	species
taxon rank	Gemmata obscuriglobus is a Gram-negative, aerobic, heterotrophic, motile bacterium of the phylum Planctomycetes, first described in 1984 as the only described species in the genus Gemmata.	Gemmata obscuriglobus	species
taxon rank	Anakamacops (meaning ``similar to Kamacops'' in Greek) is a genus of dissorophid temnospondyl from the early Middle Permian of China.	Anakamacops	genus
taxon rank	Paris polyphylla is an Asian species of plants native to China, the Indian Subcontinent, and Indochina.	Paris polyphylla	species
taxon rank	Arbutus tessellata is a Mexican species of shrubs in the heath family.	Arbutus tessellata	species
taxon rank	Astragalus pauperculus is an uncommon species of milkvetch known by the common name depauperate milkvetch.	Astragalus pauperculus	species
taxon rank	Androcymbium is a genus of perennial flowering plants first described as a genus in 1808.	Androcymbium	genus
taxon rank	Thospia permixtella is a species of snout moth in the genus Thospia.	Thospia permixtella	species
taxon rank	Siparuna is a genus of plants belonging to the family Siparunaceae.	Siparuna	genus
taxon rank	Gaurotinus tenuelineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Gaurotinus.	Gaurotinus tenuelineatus	species
taxon rank	Lucina amiantus, or the decorated lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Lucina amiantus	species
taxon rank	Adenia pechuelii is a species of plant in the family Passifloraceae.	Adenia pechuelii	species
taxon rank	Astragalus nutans is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Providence Mountains milkvetch.	Astragalus nutans	species
taxon rank	Vitex gaumeri (also called Fiddlewood, Walking Lady, or Yax-nik) is a species of plant in the Verbenaceae family.	Vitex gaumeri	species
taxon rank	Viola chamissoniana is a species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name 'Olopu.	Viola chamissoniana	species
taxon rank	Metanephrops japonicus is a species of lobster found in Japanese waters, and a gourmet food in Japanese cuisine.	Metanephrops japonicus	species
taxon rank	Morawanocetus is a genus of extinct primitive baleen whale from the family Aetiocetidae that existed during the Chattian epoch of the late Oligocene period.	Morawanocetus	genus
taxon rank	Papilio horribilis is a member of the hesperus species-group.The members of the clade are Papilio hesperus Westwood, 1843 Papilio euphranor Trimen, 1868 Papilio horribilis Butler, 1874 Papilio pelodurus Butler, 1896	Papilio horribilis	species
taxon rank	Pseudoneoponera is a ponerine genus of ants found from India to Australia.	Pseudoneoponera	genus
taxon rank	Cathyalia pallicostalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Cathyalia.	Cathyalia pallicostalis	species
taxon rank	Alcyonium digitatum or dead man's fingers is a species of soft coral in the Alcyoniidae family.	Alcyonium digitatum	species
taxon rank	Isoetes toximontana is a plant species native to the Northern Cape and Western Cape regions of South Africa.	Isoetes toximontana	species
taxon rank	Allium yanchiense is a plant species endemic to China, reported from Gansu, Hebei, Nei Mongol, Ningxia, Qinghai, Shaanxi and Shanxi.	Allium yanchiense	species
taxon rank	Dicranosterna is a genus of beetles of leaf beetle, in the subfamily Chrysomelinae.	Dicranosterna	genus
taxon rank	Acanthoponera is a Neotropical genus of ants in the subfamily Heteroponerinae.	Acanthoponera	genus
taxon rank	Nannostomus digrammus, commonly known as the twostripe pencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus digrammus	species
taxon rank	Plesiochelyidae is an extinct family of turtles in the cryptodira suborder.	Plesiochelyidae	family
taxon rank	Arthuria alcatraziensis is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Arthuria from Brazil.	Arthuria alcatraziensis	species
taxon rank	Mimocornuscoparia chassoti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimocornuscoparia.	Mimocornuscoparia chassoti	species
taxon rank	Agaricocrinus americanus, the mushroom crinoid, is a species of extinct crinoid, known only from its fossils, which are found in the U.S. states of Indiana, Tennessee and Kentucky.	Agaricocrinus americanus	species
taxon rank	Acroporidae is a family of small polyped stony corals in the phylum Cnidaria.	Acroporidae	family
taxon rank	Hemiargyrophylax punctilucis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Hemiargyrophylax of the family Tachinidae.	Hemiargyrophylax punctilucis	species
taxon rank	Thickly snouted pipefish, Syngnathus variegatus, is a pipefish species, inhabits the Black Sea and Sea of Azov.	Thickly snouted pipefish	species
taxon rank	Ribes amarum is a species of currant known by the common name bitter gooseberry.	Ribes amarum	species
taxon rank	Eledone moschata, the musky octopus, is a species of octopus that lives in the Mediterranean Sea.	Eledone moschata	species
taxon rank	Pyroteuthidae (the fire squids) is a family of squids.	Pyroteuthidae	family
taxon rank	Perileptus areolatus is a species of brown coloured ground beetle in the Trechinae subfamily.	Perileptus areolatus	species
taxon rank	Prionomyrmex is an extinct genus of bulldog ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae of the family Formicidae.	Prionomyrmex	genus
taxon rank	Orthotylus paulinoi is a species of bug in the Miridae family that is endemic to Portugal.	Orthotylus paulinoi	species
taxon rank	Perischoechinoidea is a subclass of primitive sea urchins that were abundant in the Palaeozoic seas.	Perischoechinoidea	subclass
taxon rank	Tudivasum zanzibaricum, common name the Zanzibar tudicula, is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Vasinae, the vase shells, within the family Turbinellidae.	Tudivasum zanzibaricum	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia parviflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name smallflower phyllostegia.	Phyllostegia parviflora	species
taxon rank	Miomelon alarconi, commonly known as the Alarcon volute is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Miomelon alarconi	species
taxon rank	Croton wigginsii is a species of croton known by the common name Wiggins' croton.	Croton wigginsii	species
taxon rank	Pseudobahia bahiifolia is a rare species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Hartweg's golden sunburst.	Pseudobahia bahiifolia	species
taxon rank	Megalachne is a genus of Chilean plants in the grass family, found only on the Juan Fernández Islands in the Pacific Ocean, part of the Republic of Chile.	Megalachne	genus
taxon rank	Procambarus zonangulus, the white river crawfish, white river crayfish or southern white river crayfish, is a species of freshwater crayfish.	Procambarus zonangulus	species
taxon rank	Nanorana medogensis (common name: Medog spiny frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana medogensis	species
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus rufescens (Spanish: Rana-fisgona Roja) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family.	Eleutherodactylus rufescens	species
taxon rank	Euglandina singleyana, common name the ``striate glandina'' or ``striate wolfsnail'', is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.	Euglandina singleyana	species
taxon rank	Aspidura deraniyagalae, commonly known as Deraniyagala's rough-sided snake, Sri Lanka rough-sided snake, and කදු මැඩිල්ලා (kandu medilla ) in Sinhala, is a colubrid species endemic to Sri Lanka.	Aspidura deraniyagalae	species
taxon rank	Apareiodon is a genus of scrapetooths from South America where they are found as far south as Río de la Plata.	Apareiodon	genus
taxon rank	Eryma is a genus of fossil lobster-like crustaceans, containing 44 species.	Eryma	genus
taxon rank	Gooloogongia (/ɡʊlʉˈɡɒŋɡiə/ GUU-luu-GONG-gee-ə) is a genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which belonged to the group of Rhizodont fishes.	Gooloogongia	genus
taxon rank	Allium textile (prairie onion or textile onion) is a common species of wild onion found in the central part of North America.	Allium textile	species
taxon rank	Melbournopterus is a genus of prehistoric chelicerate or brachiopod, known from the Upper Silurian of Australia.	Melbournopterus	genus
taxon rank	Argonauta cornuta is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta.	Argonauta cornuta	species
taxon rank	Camptostoma is a small genus of tyrant flycatchers.	Camptostoma	genus
taxon rank	The Vedian prickly thrift (Acantholimon vedicum) is a species of leadwort that is endemic to central Armenia, and is only found in the Yerevan floristic region, on the limestone massif Erakh between elevations of 900--1,000 m, close to the city of Vedi.	Acantholimon vedicum	species
taxon rank	Eucrosia is a genus of herbaceous, perennial and bulbous plants in the Amaryllis family (Amaryllidaceae, subfamily Amaryllidoideae) distributed from Ecuador to Peru.	Eucrosia	genus
taxon rank	Pristurus is a genus of geckos endemic to Arabia and Socotra Island as well as the Middle East and the Horn of Africa.	Pristurus	genus
taxon rank	Ganorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric lungfish from the Devonian period.	Ganorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Stylidium divaricatum, known by the vernacular name daddy-long-legs, is a species in the genus Stylidium that is endemic to Western Australia.	Stylidium divaricatum	species
taxon rank	Syzygium sandwicense is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae, that is endemic to Hawaii.	Syzygium sandwicense	species
taxon rank	Tachina discifera is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to Maluku province of Indonesia.	Tachina discifera	species
taxon rank	Philodendron speciosum is a species of plant in the Araceae family, native to Brazil and Bolivia.	Philodendron speciosum	species
taxon rank	Anthurium andraeanum is a flowering plant species in the Araceae family.	Anthurium andraeanum	species
taxon rank	Myrmecodaptria (meaning ``ant eater'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of scleroglossan lizard from the Late Cretaceous Djadokhta Formation in Ukhaa Tolgod, Mongolia.	Myrmecodaptria	genus
taxon rank	Larocheopsis macrostoma is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Larocheidae.	Larocheopsis macrostoma	species
taxon rank	Passiflora ligularis, commonly known as the sweet granadilla or grenadia, is a plant species in the Passiflora genus.	Passiflora ligularis	species
taxon rank	Euryoryzomys lamia, also known as the buffy-sided oryzomys or monster rice rat, is a species of rodent in the genus Euryoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Euryoryzomys lamia	species
taxon rank	Cotinis beraudi is a species of Cotinis scarab.	Cotinis beraudi	species
taxon rank	Mesonauta is a small genus of cichlids native to soft, acidic freshwater habitats in South America.	Mesonauta	genus
taxon rank	Herina palustris is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae.	Herina palustris	species
taxon rank	Acropora irregularis is a species of acroporid coral found in the northern and southwestern Indian Ocean, the Solomon Islands, the central Indo-Pacific, the East China Sea, and Japan.	Acropora irregularis	species
taxon rank	Scytodoidea is a taxon of araneomorph spiders, at the rank of superfamily.	Scytodoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Bursera simaruba, commonly known as gumbo-limbo, copperwood, chaca, and turpentine tree, is a tree species in the family Burseraceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas from the southeasternmost United States (southern Florida) south through Mexico and the Caribbean to Brazil, Jinotega and Venezuela.	Bursera simaruba	species
taxon rank	Allium griffithianum is an Asian species of onion found in the high mountains of Pakistan, Afghanistan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan.	Allium griffithianum	species
taxon rank	Lycodon is a genus of colubrid snakes, commonly known as wolf snakes.	Lycodon	genus
taxon rank	Drassodes cupreus is a species of spider in the genus Drassodes, family Gnaphosidae.	Drassodes cupreus	species
taxon rank	Rhagio mystaceus, also known as the down-looker fly, downlooker snipefly and common snipe fly, is a species of flies from the family Rhagionidae.	Rhagio mystaceus	species
taxon rank	Phalaris minor is a species of grass native to North Africa, Europe, and South Asia.	Phalaris minor	species
taxon rank	Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai is a species of scorpionfish native to the Pacific Ocean waters around Japan.	Ursinoscorpaenopsis kitai	species
taxon rank	Jacquinia pungens (syn. Jacquinia macrocarpa subsp. pungens) is a species of flowering plant in the family Theophrastaceae, native to southern Mexico.	Jacquinia pungens	species
taxon rank	Stanhopea graveolens is a species of orchid occurring from Mexico to Honduras.	Stanhopea graveolens	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Cleptotypodes ledereri, which is found in France, Italy, Romania and Russia.	Cleptotypodes	species
taxon rank	Anopheles albimanus is a species of mosquito in the order Diptera.	Anopheles albimanus	species
taxon rank	Incilius chompipe is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae, known from several localities near Cascajal in the Cerro Chompipe and in the Reserva Dantas, both in the Cordillera Central of Costa Rica.	Incilius chompipe	species
taxon rank	Pediocactus knowltonii is a rare species of cactus known by the common names Knowlton's miniature cactus, Knowlton's pincushion cactus, and Knowlton's minute cactus.	Pediocactus knowltonii	species
taxon rank	Berroa is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Berroa gnaphalioides.	Berroa	species
taxon rank	Currently, two species are placed in the recently established genus Nadzikambia (derived from the species' name in Chichewa).	Nadzikambia	genus
taxon rank	The genus includes one species, Killikaike blakei, that lived in Argentina during the Early Miocene.	Killikaike	species
taxon rank	Allium parryi is a North American species of wild onion known by the common names Parry's onion and Parry's fringed onion.	Allium parryi	species
taxon rank	Streptomyces collinus is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Baden in Germany.	Streptomyces collinus	species
taxon rank	Saiphos is a monotypic genus of skinks.	Saiphos	genus
taxon rank	Ribes hudsonianum is a North American species of currant, known by the common name northern black currant.	Ribes hudsonianum	species
taxon rank	Herrania is a genus of flowering plants in the family Sterculiaceae.	Herrania	genus
taxon rank	Eusphaerium purpureum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Eusphaerium.	Eusphaerium purpureum	species
taxon rank	Luidia australiae, the southern sand star, is a species of starfish in the family Luidiidae.	Luidia australiae	species
taxon rank	Athous balcanicus is a species of click beetle from Elateridae family which is endemic to Bulgaria.	Athous balcanicus	species
taxon rank	The Annonaceae are a family, the custard apple family, of flowering plants consisting of trees, shrubs, or rarely lianas.	Annonaceae	family
taxon rank	Euphorbia garberi (syn. Chamaesyce garberi) is a rare species of flowering plant in the euphorb family known by the common name Garber's spurge.	Euphorbia garberi	species
taxon rank	Enteroplax yaeyamensis is a species of air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Strobilopsidae.	Enteroplax yaeyamensis	species
taxon rank	Malacolimax wiktori is a species of air-breathing land slug, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae, the keelback slugs.	Malacolimax wiktori	species
taxon rank	Hyloscirtus is a genus of relatively large Neotropical frogs in the Hylidae family.	Hyloscirtus	genus
taxon rank	Carpilioidea is a superfamily of crabs containing a single extant family, Carpiliidae and three extinct families.	Carpilioidea	superfamily
taxon rank	The superorder Elopomorpha contains a variety of types of fishes that range from typical silvery-colored species, such as the tarpons and ladyfishes of the Elopiformes and the bonefishes of the Albuliformes, to the long and slender, smooth-bodied eels of the Anguilliformes.	Elopomorpha	superorder
taxon rank	Ertzica morosella is a species of snout moth in the genus Ertzica.	Ertzica morosella	species
taxon rank	Solemydidae is an extinct family of turtles.	Solemydidae	family
taxon rank	Entomophaga nigrohalterata is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Entomophaga of the family Tachinidae.	Entomophaga nigrohalterata	species
taxon rank	Populus tremuloides is a deciduous tree native to cooler areas of North America, one of several species referred to by the common name Aspen.	Populus tremuloides	species
taxon rank	Leptoglossus oppositus is one of a variety of species of leaf-footed bug.	Leptoglossus oppositus	species
taxon rank	Lycodon cavernicolus, also known as Gua Wang Burma wolf snake, is a species of colubrid snake found in peninsular Malaysia.	Lycodon cavernicolus	species
taxon rank	Carex mariposana is a species of sedge known by the common name Mariposa sedge.	Carex mariposana	species
taxon rank	Artemisia pattersonii, also known as Patterson sagewort or Patterson's wormwood, is a species of North American plants in the sunflower family.	Artemisia pattersonii	species
taxon rank	Macrobaenidae is an extinct family of turtles in Centrocryptodira.	Macrobaenidae	family
taxon rank	Notoncus is an Australian genus of ants in the subfamily Formicinae.	Notoncus	genus
taxon rank	Holst's frog (Babina holsti) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Holst's frog	species
taxon rank	Jacksonia sternbergiana, commonly known as stinkwood or green stinkwood, is a species of shrub or small tree that occurs in the south-west of Western Australia.	Jacksonia sternbergiana	species
taxon rank	Deinopis longipes is a species of net-casting spider (family Deinopidae).	Deinopis longipes	species
taxon rank	Aparallactus werneri, or the Usambara centipede-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Aparallactus werneri	species
taxon rank	Lupinus shockleyi is a species of lupine known by the common name purple desert lupine.	Lupinus shockleyi	species
taxon rank	Hibiscadelphus giffardianus (Kilauea hau kuahiwi) is a species of flowering plant in the mallow family, Malvaceae, that is endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii.	Hibiscadelphus giffardianus	species
taxon rank	Caesalpinia paraguariensis (the Guayacaú Negro or Ibirá-Berá) is a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Caesalpinia paraguariensis	species
taxon rank	The Acroceridae are a small family of odd-looking flies.	Acroceridae	family
taxon rank	The Bougainville bush warbler or odedi (Horornis haddeni) is a bird species initially placed in the ``Old World warbler'' assemblage, but nowadays moved with its congeners to the new cettiid warbler family.	Bougainville bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Anterhynchium is an afrotropical, indomalayan, Australian and palearctic genus of potter wasps.	Anterhynchium	genus
taxon rank	Oxydisia hyperythrella is a species of snout moth in the genus Oxydisia.	Oxydisia hyperythrella	species
taxon rank	Mandragora autumnalis, known as mandrake or autumn mandrake, is recognized by some sources as a separate species from Mandragora officinarum, although with different circumscriptions.	Mandragora autumnalis	species
taxon rank	Xanthodaphne egregia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Dahbiah.	Xanthodaphne egregia	species
taxon rank	Cymbonotus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family from southern Australia.	Cymbonotus	genus
taxon rank	Arene riisei is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Areneidae.	Arene riisei	species
taxon rank	Lophopogonius crinitus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lophopogonius.	Lophopogonius crinitus	species
taxon rank	The bacterial species Pseudomonas melophthora, can be found in the apple maggot, Rhagoletis pomonella.	Pseudomonas melophthora	species
taxon rank	Kalophryganeidae was a extinct family in the order Trichoptera.	Kalophryganeidae	family
taxon rank	Restrepia roseola, the Rosy Restrepia, is a species of orchid endemic to Venezuela.	Restrepia roseola	species
taxon rank	Helix mazzullii, also known as Cantareus mazzullii or Cornu mazzullii, is a species of large, edible, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Helix mazzullii	species
taxon rank	Glaphyromorphus is a genus of lizards in the skink family (Scincidae).	Glaphyromorphus	genus
taxon rank	Zilla diodia is an orb-weaver spider species found from Europe to Azerbaijan.	Zilla diodia	species
taxon rank	Musculium lacustre is a species of freshwater bivalve from family Sphaeriidae.	Musculium lacustre	species
taxon rank	Xeneretmus is a genus of poachers native to the eastern Pacific Ocean.	Xeneretmus	genus
taxon rank	The Verapaz shrew (Sorex veraepacis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Verapaz shrew	species
taxon rank	Procaris hawaiana is a species of shrimp in the family Procarididae, from Maui, Hawaii.	Procaris hawaiana	species
taxon rank	Alfalfa mosaic virus (AMV), also known as Lucerne mosaic virus or Potato calico virus, is a worldwide distributed phytopathogen that can lead to necrosis and yellow mosaics on a large variety of plant species, including commercially important crops.	Alfalfa mosaic virus	species
taxon rank	Oxyophthalmellus rehni is a species of praying mantis found in Kenya and Somalia.	Oxyophthalmellus rehni	species
taxon rank	Aquilonastra conandae is a species of starfish from the Asterinidae family found near the Mascarene Islands in the Indian Ocean.	Aquilonastra conandae	species
taxon rank	Belosaepia, occasionally incorrectly Belosepia, is a genus of cuttlefish-like cephalopod known from the Eocene.	Belosaepia	genus
taxon rank	Teleocichla is a small genus of cichlid endemic to the Tapajós, Xingu and Tocantins basins, which are part of the Amazon River Basin in South America.	Teleocichla	genus
taxon rank	Polemonium occidentale is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names western polemonium and western Jacob's-ladder.	Polemonium occidentale	species
taxon rank	Erica carnea (winter heath, winter flowering heather, spring heath, alpine heath; syn. E. herbacea, E. mediterranea) is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae native to mountainous areas of central and southern Europe, where it grows in coniferous woodlands or stony slopes.	Erica carnea	species
taxon rank	Ptychohyla dendrophasma is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Guatemala and possibly Mexico.	Ptychohyla dendrophasma	species
taxon rank	Brachymenes is a small neotropical genus of potter wasps currently containing two species, the primarily Andean species B. wagnerianus and the lowland species B. dyscherus.	Brachymenes	genus
taxon rank	Loeseliastrum depressum (formerly Ipomopsis depressa) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name depressed ipomopsis.	Loeseliastrum depressum	species
taxon rank	Camponotus silvestrii is a species of carpenter ant in the genus Camponotus.	Camponotus silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Panicum dichotomiflorum, known by the common names fall panicgrass, autumn millet (Britain and Ireland), and fall panicum is a species of Poaceae ``true grass''.	Panicum dichotomiflorum	species
taxon rank	Gibberula punctilum is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae family, sometimes instead placed in the family Cystiscidae.	Gibberula punctilum	species
taxon rank	Perotis unicolor, common name green jewel beetle, is a species of beetles belonging to the Buprestidae family.	Perotis unicolor	species
taxon rank	The phylum Bacteroidetes is composed of three large classes of Gram-negative, nonsporeforming, anaerobic or aerobic, and rod-shaped bacteria that are widely distributed in the environment, including in soil, sediments, and sea water, as well as in the guts and on the skin of animals.	Bacteroidetes	phylum
taxon rank	Aiphanes eggersii, known locally as Corozo, is a species of spiney, pinnately leaved palm which is endemic to the coastal plain of Ecuador.	Aiphanes eggersii	species
taxon rank	Galeichthys is a genus of sea catfishes (order Siluriformes).	Galeichthys	genus
taxon rank	Quercus myrtifolia (myrtle oak) is a North American species of oaks in the beech family.	Quercus myrtifolia	species
taxon rank	Panicum hemitomon is a species of grass known by the common name maidencane.	Panicum hemitomon	species
taxon rank	Schizachyrium condensatum is a species of grass known by the English common names Colombian bluestem, bush beardgrass, and little bluestem, and the Spanish common names aguará ruguay and yerba barbuda.	Schizachyrium condensatum	species
taxon rank	Neorufalda pullella is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Neorufalda.	Neorufalda pullella	species
taxon rank	Entheus priassus is a species of skipper butterfly from Central and South America.	Entheus priassus	species
taxon rank	The Hoplias aimara, also known as Anjumara, Anjoemara and Wolf Fish, is a species of freshwater fish found in the rivers of South America.	Hoplias aimara	species
taxon rank	Joannesia princeps (common names: arara nut-tree, andá-açu) is a species of moderate-sized tree in the Euphorbiaceae family, with a spreading canopy, large alternate and long petioled leaves, and coarse branches.	Joannesia princeps	species
taxon rank	Lygaeus equestris, common name Black-and-Red-bug, is a species of ground bugs belonging to the family Lygaeidae, subfamily Lygaeinae.	Lygaeus equestris	species
taxon rank	Solenopsidini (meaning ``pipe-faced'') is a tribe of myrmicine ants with about 20 genera.	Solenopsidini	tribe
taxon rank	Cyrtopodion brachykolon is a species of gecko, also known as ``bent-toed gecko''.	Cyrtopodion brachykolon	species
taxon rank	Phyllonotus pomum, common name the ``apple murex'', is a species of large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Phyllonotus pomum	species
taxon rank	Lyctus brunneus is a species of beetle in the family Bostrichidae.	Lyctus brunneus	species
taxon rank	Hipposcarus longiceps is a species of ray-finned fish in the Scaridae family.	Hipposcarus longiceps	species
taxon rank	Ceratarges was a genus of Lichidan Trilobite from the Middle to Late Devonian.	Ceratarges	genus
taxon rank	The family Castoridae contains the two living species of beavers and their fossil relatives.	Castoridae	family
taxon rank	Daphne arbuscula is a species of flowering plant in the family Thymelaeaceae, native only to the Slovakia.	Daphne arbuscula	species
taxon rank	Brachycerinae is a weevil subfamily in the family Brachyceridae.	Brachycerinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Calamus gibbsianus is a species of Rattan palm in the genus Calamus endemic to the Malaysian States of Sarawak and Sabah on the island of Borneo.	Calamus gibbsianus	species
taxon rank	Pseudagrion caffrum, the springwater sprite is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Pseudagrion caffrum	species
taxon rank	Cirripectes vanderbilti, the Scarface blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Hawaiian and Johnston islands in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Cirripectes vanderbilti	species
taxon rank	Eutaeniichthys gilli is a species of goby native to brackish waters of the northwestern Pacific Ocean from around Japan, the Korean Peninsula and the Yellow Sea.	Eutaeniichthys gilli	species
taxon rank	Micropterix erctella is a species of moth belonging to the family Micropterigidae that was described by Walsingham, Lord Thomas de Grey, in 1919.	Micropterix erctella	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum affine, the imbricate bogmoss, is a species of peat moss or sphagnum moss which is exploited to make commercial peat products.	Sphagnum affine	species
taxon rank	Acatochaeta africana is a species of flies in the family Ulidiidae, and the only species in the genus Acatochaeta.	Acatochaeta	species
taxon rank	Polygonum ramosissimum is a North American species of herbaceous annual plants in the buckwheat family, widespread across much of Canada and the United States, where it is commonly called bushy knotweed.	Polygonum ramosissimum	species
taxon rank	Conolophus marthae, the Galápagos pink land iguana, is a species of lizard of the Iguanidae family.	Conolophus marthae	species
taxon rank	Marasmodes is a genus of South African shrubs in the chamomile tribe within the daisy family.	Marasmodes	genus
taxon rank	Conus cinereus, common name the sunburnt cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus cinereus	species
taxon rank	Hydrobius is a genus of hydrophilid beetles that contains nine species distributed throughout the Holarctic ecozone.	Hydrobius	genus
taxon rank	Campylopus introflexus, the heath star moss, is a species of moss.	Campylopus introflexus	species
taxon rank	Selaginella lepidophylla (syn. Lycopodium lepidophyllum) is a species of desert plant in the spikemoss family (Selaginellaceae).	Selaginella lepidophylla	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum novogranatense is a neotropical species of Erythroxylum (Erythroxylaceae).	Erythroxylum novogranatense	species
taxon rank	Linnaea amabilis, formerly known as Kolkwitzia amabilis /kɒlˈkwɪtsi.ə əˈmæbᵻlɪs/ is a species of flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae.	Linnaea amabilis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Retrostium amphiroae, described as new to science from Japan in 1997.	Retrostium	species
taxon rank	Microtropis wallichiana is a species of small tree in the Celastraceae family.	Microtropis wallichiana	species
taxon rank	Conringia orientalis is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name hare's ear mustard.	Conringia orientalis	species
taxon rank	Hygrobatoidea is a superfamily of water mites found in North America.	Hygrobatoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Osteomeles subrotunda is a species of plant native to China and the Ryukyu islands of Japan.	Osteomeles subrotunda	species
taxon rank	The species Lavocatia alfambrensis is known from the Barremian (Lower Cretaceous)-age strata of Galve, Spain.	Lavocatia	species
taxon rank	Phaonia pallida is a species of fly which is distributed across parts the Palaearctic.	Phaonia pallida	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus anhanga is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the Amazon river basin in the state of Amazonas.	Trichomycterus anhanga	species
taxon rank	It was described by Rebel in 1934, and contains the species Incurvarites alienella.	Incurvarites	species
taxon rank	Odontesthes is a genus of neotropical silversides.	Odontesthes	genus
taxon rank	Hierodula majuscula is a species of praying mantis in the genus Hierodula.	Hierodula majuscula	species
taxon rank	Heliamphora ciliata is a species of Marsh Pitcher Plant endemic to Venezuela.	Heliamphora ciliata	species
taxon rank	The East Atlantic peacock wrasse (Symphodus tinca) is a species of wrasse native to the eastern Atlantic Ocean from Spain to Morocco and in the coastal waters of the Mediterranean Sea and the Black Sea.	East Atlantic peacock wrasse	species
taxon rank	Callinectes ornatus is a species of swimming crab in the genus Callinectes.	Callinectes ornatus	species
taxon rank	Microdon analis, is a species of hoverfly.	Microdon analis	species
taxon rank	The Apodida is an order of littoral to deep-sea, largely infaunal holothurians.	Apodida	order
taxon rank	Phacelia thermalis is a species of phacelia known by the common names heated phacelia and hot spring phacelia.	Phacelia thermalis	species
taxon rank	Leucothecium is a genus of fungi within the Onygenaceae family.	Leucothecium	genus
taxon rank	Hololeius ceylanicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Hololeius.	Hololeius	species
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis aurea also known as the Barred zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis aurea	species
taxon rank	Ground beetles are a large, cosmopolitan family of beetles, Carabidae, with more than 40,000 species worldwide, around 2,000 of which are found in North America and 2,700 in Europe.	Ground beetle	family
taxon rank	Parexus is an extinct genus of acanthodian fish.	Parexus	genus
taxon rank	Lactobacillus fermentum is a Gram-positive species of bacterium in the genus Lactobacillus.	Lactobacillus fermentum	species
taxon rank	Brachyelosoma mindanaonis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Brachyelosoma.	Brachyelosoma mindanaonis	species
taxon rank	Elasmosauridae was a family of plesiosaurs.	Elasmosauridae	family
taxon rank	The Tasmanian emu (Dromaius novaehollandiae diemenensis) is an extinct subspecies of the emu.	Tasmanian emu	subspecies
taxon rank	Glyceria notata, the plicate sweet-grass or marked glyceria, is a species of rhizomatous, tufted, perennial grasses in the mannagrass genus, found in all continents of the world.	Glyceria notata	species
taxon rank	Trichocladus goetzei is a species of plant in the Hamamelidaceae family.	Trichocladus goetzei	species
taxon rank	Mabuya is a genus of long-tailed skinks restricted to species from the Americas.	Mabuya	genus
taxon rank	The Altai birch mouse (Sicista napaea) is a species of rodent in the family Dipodidae.	Altai birch mouse	species
taxon rank	The Antiguan racer is a snake which belongs to the family Didsadidae, which includes about half of the world's known snake species.	Antiguan racer	species
taxon rank	Rhodanthe anthemoides, commonly known as chamomile sunray, is a perennial species of the daisy family Asteraceae.	Rhodanthe anthemoides	species
taxon rank	Eimeria fraterculae is a species of protist belonging to the family Eimeriidae.	Eimeria fraterculae	species
taxon rank	Conasprella rutila, common name the burnished cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella rutila	species
taxon rank	Acmispon brachycarpus (formerly Lotus humistratus) is a species of legume known by the common name foothill deervetch.	Acmispon brachycarpus	species
taxon rank	Millieriidae is a small family of insects in the lepidopteran order.	Millieriidae	family
taxon rank	Chromis iomelas is a species of reef dwelling fish in the family Pomacentridae.	Chromis iomelas	species
taxon rank	Paramoera is a genus of amphipods in the family Pontogeneiidae.	Paramoera	genus
taxon rank	Megachile albonotata is a bee species in the genus Megachile found notably in Spain.	Megachile albonotata	species
taxon rank	Procolobus is the genus of the red colobus monkeys and the olive colobus.	Procolobus	genus
taxon rank	Cyclosia is a genus of zygaenid moth that has a mimicry complex with the Milkweed butterfly.	Cyclosia	genus
taxon rank	Sorbus leyana (also called Ley's Whitebeam) is a species of plant in the Rosaceae family.	Sorbus leyana	species
taxon rank	Triplophysa furva is a species of stone loach in the genus Triplophysa endemic to China.	Triplophysa furva	species
taxon rank	Caesio is a genus of fish in the family Caesionidae, the fusiliers.	Caesio	genus
taxon rank	Hyperothrix orophura is a species of millipede in the family Pyrgodesmidae.	Hyperothrix orophura	species
taxon rank	Plectrophenax is a small genus of passerine birds of the longspur family Calcariidae.	Plectrophenax	genus
taxon rank	Citharinops distichodoides is a species of lutefish found in tropical Africa.	Citharinops distichodoides	species
taxon rank	Hemirhabdorhynchus is an extinct genus of prehistoric Actinopterygii, or ray-finned fish, that lived from the early to middle Eocene.	Hemirhabdorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	†Anozygidae is an extinct family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Caenogastropoda.	Anozygidae	family
taxon rank	Strongylopus is a genus of pyxicephalid frogs native to Africa.	Strongylopus	genus
taxon rank	Its only described species, Pseudofluda pulcherrima, is found in Brazil.	Pseudofluda	species
taxon rank	Palafoxia, palafox, is a genus of North American flowering plants in the Bahia tribe within the (sunflower family).	Palafoxia	genus
taxon rank	Sturisoma aureum is a species of armored catfish endemic to Colombia where it is found in the Magdalena, San Jorge and Cesar River basins.	Sturisoma aureum	species
taxon rank	Lindera aggregata is a plant species belonging to the Lindera genus.	Lindera aggregata	species
taxon rank	The South African giraffe or Cape giraffe (Giraffa camelopardalis giraffa) is a subspecies of giraffe native to Southern Africa.	South African giraffe	subspecies
taxon rank	Iris narzykulovi a species of praying mantis found in Tadschikistan.	Iris narzykulovi	species
taxon rank	Synodontis acanthomias is a species of upside-down catfish native to the Congo Basin of Cameroon, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of the Congo.	Synodontis acanthomias	species
taxon rank	Subuluridae is a family of spirurian nematodes which, together with the two species of Maupasinidae, make up the superfamily Subuluroidea.	Subuluridae	family
taxon rank	The Shining Gossamerwing, (Euphaea splendens), is a species of damselfly in family Euphaeidae.	Euphaea splendens	species
taxon rank	Myrtella is a genus of plants in the Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1877.	Myrtella	genus
taxon rank	Chilocarpus is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1823.	Chilocarpus	genus
taxon rank	Carex pellita is a species of sedge known by the common name woolly sedge.	Carex pellita	species
taxon rank	Erigeron vicinus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names neighbor fleabane and border fleabane.	Erigeron vicinus	species
taxon rank	Potamochoerus (meaning ``river pig'') is a genus in the pig family (Suidae).	Potamochoerus	genus
taxon rank	Karotomorpha is a genus of parasite with a flagellum structure.	Karotomorpha	genus
taxon rank	Lomatium lucidum is a species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common name shiny biscuitroot.	Lomatium lucidum	species
taxon rank	Latrodectus elegans is a species of ``widow spider'' endemic to East Asia.	Latrodectus elegans	species
taxon rank	Trivirostra pellucidula, common name the riceys, is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae, the false cowries or trivias.	Trivirostra pellucidula	species
taxon rank	Cteniopus sulphureus is a species of comb-clawed beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Alleculinae.	Cteniopus sulphureus	species
taxon rank	Pratylenchus is a genus of nematodes known commonly as lesion nematodes.	Pratylenchus	genus
taxon rank	Erigeron serpentinus is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names serpentine fleabane and serpentine daisy.	Erigeron serpentinus	species
taxon rank	Ceroxys munda is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae found in Hungary, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Ukraine, and Russia.	Ceroxys munda	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Stryphnodes styracopa, which is found in Sri Lanka.	Stryphnodes	species
taxon rank	Rhabdopleura normani is a small, marine species of worm-shaped animal.	Rhabdopleura normani	species
taxon rank	The other A. (Pseudamaltheus), sometimes expressed as genus, is a late derivative of (Amaltheus) with an early loss of keel and ribbing and an extreme development of strigation.	Amaltheus	genus
taxon rank	The mangrove murex (Chicoreus capucinus) is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus capucinus	species
taxon rank	Muhlenbergia racemosa is a species of grass known by the common names green muhly and marsh muhly.	Muhlenbergia racemosa	species
taxon rank	Tremellodendron is a genus of fungi in the family Sebacinaceae.	Tremellodendron	genus
taxon rank	Neorapana grandis is a species of large predatory tropical sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the rock snails.	Neorapana grandis	species
taxon rank	Dasyhelea is a genus of biting midges and the only genus of its subfamily, the Dasyheleinae.	Dasyhelea	genus
taxon rank	Lophotriccus is a genus of bird in the tyrant flycatcher family.	Lophotriccus	genus
taxon rank	Anomiopus howdeni is a species of true dung beetle that can be found in Brazil and French Guiana.	Anomiopus howdeni	species
taxon rank	Neominois carmen, the Joboni Satyr, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Neominois carmen	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron alutaceum is a rhododendron species native to Tibet and southwestern China (western Sichuan, southeastern Xizang, and northwestern Yunnan), where it grows at altitudes of 3200--4300 meters.	Rhododendron alutaceum	species
taxon rank	The eremomelas are a genus, Eremomela, of passerines in the cisticola family Cisticolidae.	Eremomela	genus
taxon rank	Triacanthagyna septima, the pale green darner, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Triacanthagyna septima	species
taxon rank	Chromatium is a genus of photoautotrophic Gram-negative bacteria which are found in water.	Chromatium	genus
taxon rank	Crepidotus versutus, commonly known as the evasive agaric, is a species of fungi in the family Crepidotaceae.	Crepidotus versutus	species
taxon rank	Baniwa is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species, Baniwa yavitensis, which is known from Venezuela and Amazonas and Pará in Brazil.	Baniwa yavitensis	species
taxon rank	Dactyloscopus insulatus is a species of sand stargazer.	Dactyloscopus insulatus	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria pyrenaica is a species of flowering plant in the family Liliaceae, native to the Pyrenees in Spain and France.	Fritillaria pyrenaica	species
taxon rank	Sarcococca hookeriana is a species of evergreen shrub or groundcover, also known as ``Himalayan Sweet Box''.	Sarcococca hookeriana	species
taxon rank	Neuwiedia griffithii is a species of orchid that occurs from Vietnam, peninsular Malaysia to northern Sumatra.	Neuwiedia griffithii	species
taxon rank	The taxonomic order Rhynchonellida is one of the two main groups of living articulate brachiopods, the other being the order Terebratulida.	Rhynchonellida	order
taxon rank	Rhabdalestes leleupi is a species of fish in the Alestidae family.	Rhabdalestes leleupi	species
taxon rank	Mulgedium is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Mulgedium	genus
taxon rank	Zabrus oertzeni is a species of ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is endemic to Crete.	Zabrus oertzeni	species
taxon rank	Gymnolaemata are a class Bryozoans.	Gymnolaemata	class
taxon rank	Mucronella pendula is a species of fungus in the family Clavariaceae.	Mucronella pendula	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus jenkinsi, Jenkin's blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Galapagos Islands where it seems to inhabit areas with rocky substrates.	Labrisomus jenkinsi	species
taxon rank	Hylarana attigua is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana native to Laos and Vietnam.	Hylarana attigua	species
taxon rank	Plantago nivalis is a species of plantain which is found in the Sierra Nevada of Spain.	Plantago nivalis	species
taxon rank	Selenicereus spinulosus is a cactus species native to eastern Mexico and, possibly, the lower Rio Grande Valley of Texas in the United States.	Selenicereus spinulosus	species
taxon rank	Ambrosina is a genus in the family Araceae that consists of only one species, Ambrosina bassii, and the only genus in the tribe Ambrosineae.	Ambrosina	species
taxon rank	Conus biancae, common name Bianca's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus biancae	species
taxon rank	Pinguicula, commonly known as the butterworts, is a genus of carnivorous plants that use sticky, glandular leaves to lure, trap, and digest insects in order to supplement the poor mineral nutrition they obtain from the environments.	Pinguicula	genus
taxon rank	Actia infantula is a Palearctic species of fly in the family Tachinidae.	Actia infantula	species
taxon rank	Goya stictella is a species of moth belonging to the family Pyralidae.	Goya stictella	species
taxon rank	Fallugia is a monotypic genus of shrub containing the single species Fallugia paradoxa, which is known by the common names Apache plume and ponil.	Fallugia	genus
taxon rank	Cylindracanthus is an extinct genus of Cretaceous bony fish, belonging to the Actinopterygii.	Cylindracanthus	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus flavoculatus is a species of lupine known by the common name yelloweyes, or yellow-eyed lupine.	Lupinus flavoculatus	species
taxon rank	Enterovirus D is a species of enterovirus which causes disease in humans.	Enterovirus D	species
taxon rank	Solidago buckleyi, Buckley's goldenrod, is a species of goldenrod native to central North America.	Solidago buckleyi	species
taxon rank	The Rose-Fruited Banksia (Banksia laricina) is a species of shrub in the plant genus Banksia endemic to southwestern Western Australia.	Banksia laricina	species
taxon rank	It is the sole species in the genus Leucosidea.	Leucosidea	genus
taxon rank	Fluminicola nuttallianus, common name dusky pebblesnail, is a possibly extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae.	Fluminicola nuttallianus	species
taxon rank	Colepiocephale is a genus of pachycephalosaurid dinosaur from Late Cretaceous (middle Campanian stage) deposits of Alberta, Canada.	Colepiocephale	genus
taxon rank	Lodderena pulchella is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Lodderena pulchella	species
taxon rank	Abdominea minimiflora, or the Tiny-flowered Abdominea, is a very rare monopodial epiphytic orchid species and the only species of the monospecific genus Abdominea.	Abdominea	genus
taxon rank	Carabus gebleri is a species of beetle found in Russia and Kazakhstan.	Carabus gebleri	species
taxon rank	Ceylonthelphusa is a genus of freshwater crabs endemic to Sri Lanka, where they live in moist lowland forests, swamps and rivers.	Ceylonthelphusa	genus
taxon rank	Jacobaea maritima (silver ragwort) (formerly known as Senecio cineraria) is a perennial plant species in the genus Jacobaea in the family Asteraceae, native to the Mediterranean region.	Jacobaea maritima	species
taxon rank	Impatiens walleriana (syn. Impatiens sultanii), also known as busy Lizzie (United Kingdom), balsam, sultana, or simply impatiens, is a species of the genus Impatiens, native to eastern Africa from Kenya to Mozambique.	Impatiens walleriana	species
taxon rank	Cliochloria senegalensis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Cliochloria of the family Tephritidae.	Cliochloria senegalensis	species
taxon rank	The Green green-blooded skink (Prasinohaema virens), sometimes (ambiguously) known as ``green tree skink'', is a scincid lizard species native to New Guinea.	Prasinohaema virens	species
taxon rank	Dendrophorbium is a genus of South American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Dendrophorbium	genus
taxon rank	Ctenochelys is an extinct genus of Cryptodira, which existed during the Cretaceous period, and lived in shallow waters.	Ctenochelys	genus
taxon rank	Scutellaria costaricana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae, that is native to Costa Rica and Panama.	Scutellaria costaricana	species
taxon rank	Pseudotropheus fuscus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from Nkhata Bay and Lion's Cove.	Pseudotropheus fuscus	species
taxon rank	Alcolapia latilabris is a species of small fish in the Cichlidae family.	Alcolapia latilabris	species
taxon rank	Epitonium humphreysii, common name Humphrey's wentletrap, is a species of small predatory or ectoparasitic sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Epitonium humphreysii	species
taxon rank	Lariosaurus is an extinct genus of nothosaurid from the Middle Triassic (late Anisian to late Ladinian stage) of central and western Europe and China.	Lariosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Adlerzia is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Adlerzia froggatti.	Adlerzia	species
taxon rank	Stenodactylus affinis, common name, Iranian short-fingered gecko, is a gecko species in the genus Stenodactylus found in Iran's southeastern Khuzestan Province and southern Fars Province), Iraq.	Stenodactylus affinis	species
taxon rank	Micropotamogale is a genus of small, otter-like tenrecs native to riverine habitats of West African rainforests.	Micropotamogale	genus
taxon rank	Exocarpos gaudichaudii (also called Gaudichaud's Exocarpus or Hulumoa) is a species of plant in the Santalaceae family.	Exocarpos gaudichaudii	species
taxon rank	Craugastor rhodopis, also known as the polymorphic robber frog, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Craugastor rhodopis	species
taxon rank	Brachylophus gibbonsi is an extinct species of large (~1.2 m long) iguanid lizard from Tonga in the South Pacific Ocean.	Brachylophus gibbonsi	species
taxon rank	Strigocossus is a genus of moths belonging to the family Cossidae.	Strigocossus	genus
taxon rank	Taraxia subacaulis is a species of evening primrose known by the common name diffuseflower evening primrose.	Taraxia subacaulis	species
taxon rank	Trypodendron a genus of bark beetles of the Curculionidae family.	Trypodendron	genus
taxon rank	Actina chalybea is a species of 'Soldier Flies' belonging to the family Stratiomyidae subfamily Beridinae.	Actina chalybea	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus regnans, known variously as mountain ash, swamp gum, or stringy gum, is a species of Eucalyptus native to Tasmania and Victoria in southeastern Australia and the tallest flowering plant and one of the tallest trees in the world, second to the coast redwood (Sequoia sempervirens).	Eucalyptus regnans	species
taxon rank	Artemisia ludoviciana is North American species in the daisy family, known by several common names, including silver wormwood, western mugwort, Louisiana wormwood, white sagebrush, and gray sagewort.	Artemisia ludoviciana	species
taxon rank	Coregonus is a diverse genus of fish in the salmon family (Salmonidae).	Coregonus	genus
taxon rank	Coniophora is a genus of fungi within the Boletaceae family.	Coniophora	genus
taxon rank	The Onuphidae are a family of polychaete worms.	Onuphidae	family
taxon rank	The European green woodpecker spends much of its time feeding on ants on the ground and does not often 'drum' on trees like other woodpecker species.	European green woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Streblus pendulinus, commonly known as Hawai'i roughbush or aʻiaʻi (Hawaiian language), is a species of flowering plant in the mulberry family, Moraceae, that is native to eastern Australia, Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia.	Streblus pendulinus	species
taxon rank	Yamaceratops is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Yamaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Batillaria mutata is a species of small mudflat saltwater snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Batillariidae, the horn snails.	Batillaria mutata	species
taxon rank	Erythroxylum vacciniifolium is a flowering plant species in the genus Erythroxylum.	Erythroxylum vacciniifolium	species
taxon rank	Conophytum stephanii is a small South African species of Conophytum named after the German plant collector Paul Stephan who tended the succulent collection at Hamburg Botanic Garden in Germany.	Conophytum stephanii	species
taxon rank	Oxycetonia jucunda, the smaller green flower chafer, is a species of flower chafer found in Japan.	Oxycetonia jucunda	species
taxon rank	Marasmiellus ramealis is a species of mushroom-forming fungus of the family Marasmiaceae.	Marasmiellus ramealis	species
taxon rank	Scopaeocharax is a genus of characins endemic to Peru, where both species are found in the upper and middle Huallaga River basin.	Scopaeocharax	genus
taxon rank	Didia diehli is a species of snout moth in the genus Didia.	Didia diehli	species
taxon rank	The water-plantains (Alismataceae) are a family of flowering plants, comprising 11 genera and between 85 and 95 species.	Alismataceae	family
taxon rank	Butyrivibrio is a genus of bacteria in Class Clostridia.	Butyrivibrio	genus
taxon rank	Causus maculatus is venomous viper species found mainly in West- and Central Africa.	Causus maculatus	species
taxon rank	Coraebus rubi is a species of jewel beetles belonging to the family Buprestidae, subfamily Agrilinae.	Coraebus rubi	species
taxon rank	Uramya indita is a species of fly in the genus Uramya of the family Tachinidae that can be found in China, Japan, and Russia.	Uramya indita	species
taxon rank	Kentropyx calcarata, commonly known as the striped forest whiptail, is a species of lizard endemic to South America.	Kentropyx calcarata	species
taxon rank	Prunus havardii, called Havard's plum, is a rare North American species of shrub tree native to western Texas in the United States and to northern Chihuahua across the Río Grande in Mexico.	Prunus havardii	species
taxon rank	Stychoparmena spinipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stychoparmena.	Stychoparmena spinipennis	species
taxon rank	Stachys bullata is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name California hedgenettle.	Stachys bullata	species
taxon rank	Laminacauda diffusa is a species of sheet weaver found in Chile, Argentina and the Falkland Islands.	Laminacauda diffusa	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum contiguum is an uncommon species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Reveal's buckwheat and annual desert trumpet.	Eriogonum contiguum	species
taxon rank	Cyperus parishii is a species of sedge known by the common name Parish's flatsedge.	Cyperus parishii	species
taxon rank	Allium sikkimense is a plant species native to Sikkim, Tibet, Bhutan, Nepal, India and parts of China (Gansu, Ningxia, Qinghai, Shaanxi, Sichuan, Xizang, Yunnan).	Allium sikkimense	species
taxon rank	Mendozahippus is an extinct genus of notohippid notoungulate which existed in Mendoza, Argentina, during the late Oligocene.	Mendozahippus	genus
taxon rank	Beyrichites is an extinct genus in the ammonoid cephalopod, order Ceratitida from the Lower and Middle Triassic of southern Europe, Asia, and western North America.	Beyrichites	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus cuneata is a species of hawthorn known by the common names Chinese hawthorn (Chinese: 山楂; pinyin: Shan zha) or Japanese hawthorn.	Crataegus cuneata	species
taxon rank	Corydalis ambigua is a tuberous early flowering east Asian flowering plant species.	Corydalis ambigua	species
taxon rank	Calamagrostis foliosa is a species of grass known by the common name leafy reedgrass.	Calamagrostis foliosa	species
taxon rank	Euphoberiidae is an extinct family of archipolypodan millipedes known from the Upper Pennsylvanian of Europe and North America.	Euphoberiidae	family
taxon rank	Droseridites is a genus of extinct plants of possible droseracean or nepenthacean affinity.	Droseridites	genus
taxon rank	Selachophidium guentheri, the barbed brotula, is a species of cusk-eel found in the Indian and Atlantic Oceans off of the southern coast of Africa where it is found at depths of from 200 to 980 metres (660 to 3,220 ft).	Selachophidium guentheri	species
taxon rank	Zeugophiurina is a suborder of primitive brittle stars with three extinct families.	Zeugophiurina	suborder
taxon rank	Trichomanes speciosum, commonly known as Killarney Fern, is a species of fern found widely in Western Europe.	Trichomanes speciosum	species
taxon rank	Dravidosaurus (meaning ``Dravidanadu lizard'', Dravidanadu being a region in the southern part of India where the remains were discovered) is a controversial genus of prehistoric reptile.	Dravidosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Prestoniella is a genus of very small sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks.	Prestoniella	genus
taxon rank	A single species is accepted, Ludiortyx hoffmanni.	Ludiortyx	species
taxon rank	Rubus cissoides is a species native to New Zealand.	Rubus cissoides	species
taxon rank	Taxodium mucronatum, also known as Montezuma bald cypress, Montezuma cypress, sabino, or ahuehuete is a species of Taxodium native to much of Mexico (south to the highlands of southern Mexico), and also the Rio Grande Valley in southernmost Texas, USA as well as Huehuetenango Department in Guatemala.	Taxodium mucronatum	species
voice type	Henriette Gottlieb (Berlin, 1884 - Łódź Ghetto, 2 January 1942) was a German soprano.	Henriette Gottlieb	soprano
voice type	Eteri Lamoris (born 23 May 1971) is an operatic soprano and voice teacher.	Eteri Lamoris	soprano
voice type	Anna Deinet (also Anna von Possart and Anna Deinet-Possart) (22 February 1843 - 18 August 1919) was a German operatic soprano who had an active career during the latter half of the 19th century.	Anna Deinet	soprano
voice type	Marta Almajano (Zaragoza) is a Spanish soprano.	Marta Almajano	soprano
voice type	Nazzareno De Angelis (November 17, 1881 - December 14, 1962) was an Italian operatic bass, particularly associated with Verdi, Rossini and Wagner roles.	Nazzareno De Angelis	bass
voice type	Ron Bottcher (11 May 1940 -- 12 April 1991) was an American operatic baritone who was actively performing with both the New York City Opera (NYCO) and the Metropolitan Opera during the 1960s.	Ron Bottcher	baritone
voice type	Virginia Zeani, Commendatore OMRI (born 21 October 1925) is a Romanian dramatic coloratura soprano, regarded as one of the great sopranos of the 20th century and one of the great musical personalities in the history of Romania.	Virginia Zeani	soprano
voice type	Danielle de Niese (born 11 April 1979) is an Australian-American lyric soprano.	Danielle de Niese	soprano
voice type	Waldemar Kmentt (Wien, 2 February 1929 -- Ibidem, 21 January 2015) was an Austrian operatic tenor, who was particularly associated with the German repertory, both opera and operetta.	Waldemar Kmentt	tenor
voice type	Gabriela Beňačková (also Gabriela Beňačková-Čápová: born March 25, 1947) is a Slovak lyric soprano.	Gabriela Beňačková	soprano
voice type	John Braham (c. 1774 -- 17 February 1856) was an English tenor opera singer born in London.	John Braham	tenor
voice type	Annette Daniels (September 10, 1961 -- April 1, 2004) was an American mezzo-soprano opera singer.	Annette Daniels	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Artyom Melikhov is a Russian tenor singer who was born in Saint Petersburg.	Artyom Melikhov	tenor
voice type	Mathé Altéry (born Marie-Thérèse Altare, 12 September 1927), is a French soprano singer prominent in the 1950s and 1960s for her singing of operettas and French songs.	Mathé Altéry	soprano
voice type	Patricia Craig (née Duncklee; born July 21, 1947) is an American operatic soprano and voice teacher.	Patricia Craig	soprano
voice type	Alice Coote (born 10 May 1968) is a British lyric mezzo-soprano.	Alice Coote	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Francesca Cuzzoni (2 April 1696 -- 19 June 1778) was an Italian operatic soprano of the Baroque era.	Francesca Cuzzoni	soprano
voice type	Mihály Székely (born Jászberény; May 8, 1901 -- March 22, 1963) was a Hungarian bass singer famous for Mozartian roles.	Mihály Székely	bass
voice type	Simon Keenlyside CBE (born 3 August 1959) is a British baritone who has had an active international career performing in operas and concerts since the mid-1980s.	Simon Keenlyside	baritone
voice type	Gregorio Babbi (16 November 1708, Cesena - 2 January 1768) was an Italian operatic tenor.	Gregorio Babbi	tenor
voice type	Peter Sliker (7 June 1925 -- 25 June 2010) was an American operatic bass-baritone who had a lengthy career performing at the Metropolitan Opera from 1961 through 1989.	Peter Sliker	bass
voice type	Luigia Abbadia (1821--1896) was an Italian operatic mezzo-soprano known for her fine voice, secure technique, and a strong temperament.	Luigia Abbadia	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Cyndia Sieden (born September 10, 1961) is an American coloratura soprano on the opera and concert stages.	Cyndia Sieden	soprano
voice type	Wu Pak Chiu (Pinyin: wǔ bó jiù; Yale Cantonese: ng5 ba3 jau6) (ca. 1913 -- March 31, 1974), was a prominent Chinese tenor who sang in Europe under the name of Gregorio Wu Pak Chiu.	Gregorio Wu Pak Chiu	tenor
voice type	Gaëlle Méchaly (born 15 June 1970 in Marseille, France) is a soprano.	Gaëlle Méchaly	soprano
voice type	Renato Zanelli (April 1, 1892 in Valparaiso -- March 25, 1935 in Santiago) was a Chilean operatic baritone and later tenor, particularly associated with heroic Italian and German roles, notably Verdi's Otello.	Renato Zanelli	tenor
voice type	Faith Esham (born August 6, 1948) is an American soprano and college professor of voice.	Faith Esham	soprano
voice type	Francesco Ceccarelli (1752, Foligno -- 21 September 1814, Dresden) was a soprano castrato known for his grace and excellent singing technique.	Francesco Ceccarelli	soprano
voice type	Marcella Sembrich (February 15, 1858 -- January 11, 1935) was the stage name of the Polish coloratura soprano, Prakseda Marcelina Kochańska.	Marcella Sembrich	soprano
voice type	Roxana Briban (28 October 1971 -- 20 November 2010) was a Romanian operatic soprano.	Roxana Briban	soprano
voice type	Marius van Altena, born Marius Hendrikus Schweppe (born 10 October 1938 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch tenor.	Marius van Altena	tenor
voice type	Lucrezia Aguiari (sometimes spelled Agujari) (Ferrara 1743/1746 -- Parma 18 May 1783) was an Italian coloratura soprano.	Lucrezia Aguiari	soprano
voice type	Donald Bell (born 19 June 1934) is a Canadian bass-baritone and vocal pedagogue.	Donald Bell	bass
voice type	Diletta Rizzo Marin (born 1980 in Vicenza) is an Italian operatic soprano admired for the quality of her voice and her skills in acting.	Diletta Rizzo Marin	soprano
voice type	Marco Arati (181? - 1899) was an Italian operatic bass active during the 1840s through the 1880s.	Marco Arati	bass
voice type	Carl Heinrich Graun (7 May 1704 -- 8 August 1759) was a German composer and tenor singer.	Carl Heinrich Graun	tenor
voice type	Lisa Milne is a Scottish soprano described by the BBC as ``one of RSAMD's best-known alumni'', who was among the first artists to be invited to the BBC Radio 3 New Generation Artists scheme in 1999-2001.	Lisa Milne	soprano
voice type	Georgy Andreyevich Baklanoff, known as Georges Baklanoff (sometimes spelled Baklanov; 4 January 1881 (O.S. 23 December 1880) -- 6 December 1938) was a Russian operatic baritone who had an active international career from 1903 until his death in 1938.	Georges Baklanoff	baritone
voice type	Elisabeth Schärtel (6 October 1919 -- 24 August 2012) was a German operatic mezzo-soprano and contralto.	Elisabeth Schärtel	mezzo-soprano	contralto
voice type	Alois Ander (also Aloys; August 24, 1821 -- December 11, 1864) was a German operatic tenor, active in Vienna in the middle of the nineteenth century.	Alois Ander	tenor
voice type	Layla Claire is a Canadian soprano opera singer.	Layla Claire	soprano
voice type	Gré Brouwenstijn (born Gerda Demphina: 26 August 1915 in Den Helder -- 14 December 1999 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch soprano singer whose stage career spanned from the early 1940s to the mid-1970s.	Gré Brouwenstijn	soprano
voice type	Margarete Klose, (August 6, 1899 -- December 14, 1968), was a German operatic mezzo-soprano.	Margarete Klose	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Francesco Meli (born 1980 in Genoa) is an Italian operatic tenor particularly associated with the bel canto reportoire.	Francesco Meli	tenor
voice type	Antonio Francesco Carli (fl. 1706--23) was an Italian bass singer, primarily of operatic roles.	Antonio Francesco Carli	bass
voice type	Sophie Braslau (August 16, 1892 -- December 22, 1935) was a contralto prominent in United States opera, starting with her debut in New York City's Metropolitan Opera in 1913 when she was 21.	Sophie Braslau	contralto
voice type	Frank Guarrera (December 3, 1923 -- November 23, 2007) was an Italian-American lyric baritone who enjoyed a long and distinguished career at the Metropolitan Opera, singing with the company for a total of 680 performances.	Frank Guarrera	baritone
voice type	Rebecca Evans is a Welsh operatic soprano.	Rebecca Evans	soprano
voice type	Herbert Heyner (26 June 1882 -- 18 January 1954) was a noted English baritone.	Herbert Heyner	baritone
voice type	Pierre-Émile Engel (February 15, 1847 -- 1927) was a French operatic tenor active on the stages of Brussels, Paris, Monte-Carlo and other European cities where he sang leading roles in several world premieres.	Pierre-Émile Engel	tenor
voice type	Richard Leveridge (or Leueridge) (19 July 1670 -- 22 March 1758) was an English bass singer of the London stage and a composer of baroque music, including many popular songs.	Richard Leveridge	bass
voice type	Karl Schmitt-Walter (23 December 1900 - 14 January 1985) was a prominent German opera singer, particularly associated with Mozart and the more lyrical Wagner baritone roles.	Karl Schmitt-Walter	baritone
voice type	Francesca Vanini-Boschi (died 1744) was an Italian contralto singer of the 18th century.	Francesca Vanini-Boschi	contralto
voice type	Petr Migunov (Russian: Пётр Викторович Мигунов; born August 24, 1974) is a Russian opera and classical singer (bass) who graduated from the Saint Petersburg Conservatory and was a winner of both the Tokyo and Salzburg Competitions in 1997 and 1999 respectively.	Petr Migunov	bass
voice type	Bernd Weikl (born Vienna, 29 July 1942) is an Austrian operatic baritone, best known for his performances in the operas of Richard Wagner.	Bernd Weikl	baritone
voice type	Frank Czuri (born September 8, 1948) is an American vocalist (tenor), entertainer, songwriter and recording artist who has been performing professionally since the age of 14.	Frank Czuri	tenor
voice type	Katarina Dalayman (born January 25, 1963 in Stockholm) is a Swedish soprano who has found critical acclaim singing major operatic roles by composers such as Wagner, Berg, Shostakovich and Bartók, among others.	Katarina Dalayman	soprano
voice type	James Sauvage (born James Savage), (9 May 1849 -- 27 November 1922) was a Welsh baritone singer.	James Sauvage	baritone
voice type	Darius Campbell (born Darius Campbell-Danesh, 19 August 1980), also known professionally either as Darius Danesh or Darius, is a Scottish platinum-selling singer-songwriter, a West End stage actor, an operatic baritone, an author, and an Ambassador for The Prince's Trust.	Darius Campbell	baritone
voice type	Fernando del Valle (né Brian Skinner, 28 February 1964) is an American operatic tenor.	Fernando del Valle	tenor
voice type	Eilene Hannan AM (24 July 1946 -- 11 July 2014) was an Australian operatic soprano with an international reputation.	Eilene Hannan	soprano
voice type	Külli Tomingas (born June 29, 1972 in Pärnu, Estonia), is an Estonian opera singer, mezzo soprano, living in Milano, Italy.	Külli Tomingas	mezzo soprano
voice type	Azer Zeynalov (Azerbaijani: Zeynalov Azər Zeynalabdin oğlu) (born 13 December 1964) is Azerbaijani opera singer, (tenor), film composer, actor, and music professor.	Azer Zeynalov	tenor
voice type	Carmen Monarcha (born August 27, 1979 in Belém, Pará) is a Brazilian soprano singer.	Carmen Monarcha	soprano
voice type	Achille De Bassini (5 May 1819 -- 3 July 1881) was an Italian baritone, particularly noted for his performances in Verdi's operas.	Achille De Bassini	baritone
voice type	Jonita Lattimore is an American operatic soprano and a faculty member of Roosevelt University's Chicago College of Performing Arts.	Jonita Lattimore	soprano
voice type	Ursula Schröder-Feinen (21 July 1936 -- 9 February 2005) was a German operatic soprano who performed at the Metropolitan Opera and the Bayreuth Festival.	Ursula Schröder-Feinen	soprano
