author	The Dark Haired Girl is a collection of essays, poems and letters by Philip K. Dick.	The Dark Haired Girl	Philip K. Dick
author	Kingsblood Royal, a novel by American writer Sinclair Lewis, was published in 1947.	Kingsblood Royal	Sinclair Lewis
author	The Golden Dog (Le Chien d'Or) was a novel by William Kirby (1817-1906) that was written between April 1869 and 1872, with further revisions being up through 1876.	The Golden Dog	William Kirby
author	A Song for Summer is a romance novel by British author Eva Ibbotson, first published in 1997.	A Song for Summer	Eva Ibbotson
author	Sharp Edges is a contemporary romance written by Jayne Ann Krentz.	Sharp Edges	Jayne Ann Krentz
author	De zaak Natalee Holloway: mijn eigen verhaal over haar verdwijning op Aruba (English: The Case of Natalee Holloway: My own story about her disappearance in Aruba) is an autobiographical non-fiction book written by Joran van der Sloot with Zvezdana Vukojevic.	De zaak Natalee Holloway	Joran van der Sloot
author	The Stories of English is a 2004 book by British linguist David Crystal; it traces the history of the English language from the invasion of Great Britain by the Angles and Saxons in the 5th Century to the modern splintering of the language into its modern British, American, Indian, Australian, and other dialects.	The Stories of English	David Crystal
author	The Cripple of Inishmaan is a dark comedy by Martin McDonagh who links the story to the real life filming of the documentary Man of Aran.	The Cripple of Inishmaan	Martin McDonagh
author	Reading Capital (French: Lire le Capital) is a 1965 work of Marxist philosophy by Louis Althusser, Étienne Balibar, Roger Establet, Jacques Rancière, and Pierre Macherey.	Reading Capital	Louis Althusser	Étienne Balibar	Roger Establet	Jacques Rancière	Pierre Macherey
author	United States of Banana is a 2011 postcolonial dramatic fiction book by the Puerto Rican poet Giannina Braschi.	United States of Banana	Giannina Braschi
author	Hunter in the Dark is a young adult novel by Monica Hughes, first published in 1982 and has been the subject of school study.	Hunter in the Dark	Monica Hughes
author	A Thing of State is a 1995 political novel by Allen Drury which follows the U.S. State Department's response to a crisis in the Middle East.	A Thing of State	Allen Drury
author	Zulu Heart is a 2003 alternate history novel by Steven Barnes, a sequel to the 2002 book, Lion's Blood.	Zulu Heart	Steven Barnes
author	Lessons for Children is a series of four age-adapted reading primers written by the prominent 18th-century British poet and essayist Anna Laetitia Barbauld.	Lessons for Children	Anna Laetitia Barbauld
author	Elementos de derecho público provincial Argentino (Spanish: Elements of Argentine provincial civic law) is an 1852 Argentine book by Juan Bautista Alberdi.	Elementos de derecho público provincial Argentino	Juan Bautista Alberdi
author	Il Corbaccio, or ``The Crow'', is an Italian literary work by Giovanni Boccaccio, traditionally dated c. 1355.	Corbaccio	Giovanni Boccaccio
author	The Right to Arm Bears is a collection of Gordon R. Dickson's three science fiction novellas that occur on the planet Dilbia, where humans and an alien race known as Hemnoids are trying to win the support of the native bear-like population.	The Right to Arm Bears	Gordon R. Dickson
author	Dungeons & Dragons (abbreviated as D&D or DnD) is a fantasy tabletop role-playing game (RPG) originally designed by Gary Gygax and Dave Arneson, and first published in 1974 by Tactical Studies Rules, Inc. (TSR).	Dungeons & Dragons	Gary Gygax	Dave Arneson
author	Verbum Domini (English: The Word of the Lord) is a post-synodal apostolic exhortation issued by Pope Benedict XVI which deals with how the Catholic church should approach the Bible.	Verbum Domini	Benedict XVI
author	Recollections of a Tour Made in Scotland, A. D. 1803 (1874) is a travel memoir by Dorothy Wordsworth about a six-week, 663-mile journey through the Scottish Highlands from August--	Recollections of a Tour Made in Scotland, A. D. 1803	Dorothy Wordsworth
author	Visions of Order (1964) is a posthumously-published work by conservative scholar Richard M. Weaver which argues that Western culture is in decline because many of its intellectuals refuse to believe in an underlying order of things--in the way things are, irrespective of beliefs about them.	Visions of Order	Richard M. Weaver
author	Madame de Mauves is a novella by Henry James, originally published in The Galaxy magazine in 1874.	Madame de Mauves	Henry James
author	Broken Lives was written by Estelle Blackburn between 1992 and 1998.	Broken Lives	Estelle Blackburn
author	The Halloween Tree is a 1972 fantasy novel by American author Ray Bradbury which traces the history of Samhain and Halloween.	The Halloween Tree	Ray Bradbury
author	The Zenith Angle is a science fiction novel by Bruce Sterling, first published in 2004, about a pioneering expert in computer and network security with a traditional hacker personality named Derek Vandeveer.	The Zenith Angle	Bruce Sterling
author	Život a dílo skladatele Foltýna (Life and Work of the Composer Foltýn) is an unfinished Czech novel, written by Karel Čapek.	Život a dílo skladatele Foltýna	Karel Čapek
author	The Fire People is a historical novel by Alexander Cordell, first published in 1972.	The Fire People	Alexander Cordell
author	The Nikopol Trilogy is a series of three science fiction graphic novels written in French by Yugoslavian born Enki Bilal between 1980 and 1992.	The Nikopol Trilogy	Enki Bilal
author	Desert God is a novel by author Wilbur Smith first published in 2014.	Desert God	Wilbur Smith
author	The Trial of Steven Truscott is a book written by Isabel LeBourdais, published in 1966, on the trial and conviction of Steven Truscott for the murder of Lynne Harper in 1959.	The Trial of Steven Truscott	Isabel LeBourdais
author	``The Tyranny of Structurelessness'' is an influential essay by American feminist Jo Freeman inspired by her experiences in a 1960s women's liberation group that concerns power relations within radical feminist collectives.	The Tyranny of Structurelessness	Jo Freeman
author	The Winds of Change and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by American writer Isaac Asimov, published in 1983 by Doubleday.	The Winds of Change and Other Stories	Isaac Asimov
author	The Lady from the Sea (Norwegian: Fruen fra havet) is a play written in 1888 by Norwegian playwright Henrik Ibsen inspired by the ballad Agnete og Havmanden.	The Lady from the Sea	Henrik Ibsen
author	``An Unfinished Race'' is a short story by American journalist and author Ambrose Bierce.	An Unfinished Race	Ambrose Bierce
author	The Improvisatore (Danish: Improvisatoren) is an autobiographical novel by Hans Christian Andersen (1805--1875).	The Improvisatore	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Come in at the Door is the first book in Alabama author William March's ``Pearl County'' collection of novels and short fiction.	Come in at the Door	William March
author	From the Corner of His Eye is a novel by the best-selling author Dean Koontz, released in 2000.	From the Corner of His Eye	Dean Koontz
author	The Naïve and Sentimental Lover is John le Carré's sixth novel and his only non-genre novel.	The Naïve and Sentimental Lover	John le Carré
author	The Wurms of Blearmouth is the fifth novella written by Canadian author Steven Erikson, set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen.	The Wurms of Blearmouth	Steven Erikson
author	Darkness and the Light (1942) is a science fiction novel by Olaf Stapledon.	Darkness and the Light	Olaf Stapledon
author	Midnight Nation is a religious-themed twelve-issue American comic book limited series, created by J. Michael Straczynski and published from 2000 to 2002 by Top Cow Productions under their Joe's Comics imprint.	Midnight Nation	J. Michael Straczynski
author	Of Grammatology (French: De la grammatologie) is a 1967 book by French philosopher Jacques Derrida that has been called a foundational text for deconstructive criticism.	Of Grammatology	Jacques Derrida
author	``Harvey's Dream'' is a short story written by Stephen King, originally published in The New Yorker in June 2003 and later included in King's short story collection Just After Sunset in 2008.	Harvey's Dream	Stephen King
author	``The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep'' (Danish: Hyrdinden og Skorstensfejeren) is a literary fairy tale by Danish poet and author Hans Christian Andersen (1805--1875).	The Shepherdess and the Chimney Sweep	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Earth and High Heaven was a 1944 novel by Gwethalyn Graham.	Earth and High Heaven	Gwethalyn Graham
author	Sefer Hamitzvot (``Book of Commandments'') is a work by the 12th century rabbi, philosopher and physician Maimonides.	Sefer Hamitzvot	Maimonides
author	Count Robert of Paris (1832) was the second-last novel by Walter Scott.	Count Robert of Paris	Walter Scott
author	Tros of Samothrace is an historical novel with fantasy elements by author Talbot Mundy.	Tros of Samothrace	Talbot Mundy
author	Nightmares & Dreamscapes is a short story collection by Stephen King published in 1993.	Nightmares & Dreamscapes	Stephen King
author	Medicine Walk is a 2014 novel by Canadian First-Nations author Richard Wagamese.	Medicine Walk	Richard Wagamese
author	Polish Logic is an anthology of papers by several authors, including Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz, published in 1967 and covering the period 1920--1939.	Polish Logic	Kazimierz Ajdukiewicz
author	The Club of Queer Trades is a collection of stories by G. K. Chesterton first published in 1905.	The Club of Queer Trades	G. K. Chesterton
author	``The Scarlet Citadel'' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in the January, 1933 issue of Weird Tales magazine.	The Scarlet Citadel	Robert E. Howard
author	Alton Locke is an 1850 novel, by Charles Kingsley, written in sympathy with the Chartist movement, in which Carlyle is introduced as one of the personages.	Alton Locke	Charles Kingsley
author	The Nanny Diaries is a 2002 novel by Emma McLaughlin and Nicola Kraus, both of whom are former nannies.	The Nanny Diaries	Emma McLaughlin	Nicola Kraus
author	After the Banquet (宴のあと, Utage no Ato) is a novel by Yukio Mishima.	After the Banquet	Yukio Mishima
author	Armageddon 2419 A.D. is Philip Francis Nowlan's novella which first appeared in the August 1928 issue of the pulp magazine Amazing Stories.	Armageddon 2419 A.D.	Philip Francis Nowlan
author	Vurt is a 1993 science fiction novel written by British author Jeff Noon.	Vurt	Jeff Noon
author	``Ode to a Nightingale'' is a poem by John Keats written in either the garden of the Spaniards Inn, Hampstead, London, or, according to Keats' friend Charles Armitage Brown, under a plum tree in the garden of Keats House, also in Hampstead.	Ode to a Nightingale	John Keats
author	Las Dos Almas del Ser is a Spanish novel by Sigfrido Cuen published in 2011.	Las Dos Almas del Ser	Sigfrido Cuen
author	Sonnet 128 is one of William Shakespeare's Sonnets.	Sonnet 128	William Shakespeare
author	The Second Jungle Book is a sequel to The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling.	The Second Jungle Book	Rudyard Kipling
author	The Changing Light at Sandover is a 560-page epic poem by James Merrill (1926--1995).	The Changing Light at Sandover	James Merrill
author	Gun Machine is a hardboiled detective thriller by English author Warren Ellis.	Gun Machine	Warren Ellis
author	The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto is a novel by American author and journalist Mitch Albom.	The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto	Mitch Albom
author	Christopher J. Priest, January 2, 2006 '' The death blow for Captain America and the Falcon came when Captain America's solo series was once again relaunched in 2005.	Captain America and the Falcon	Christopher J. Priest
author	Pravasam is a 2008 Malayalam novel written by M. Mukundan.	Pravasam	M. Mukundan
author	Xenozoic Tales is an alternative comic book by Mark Schultz set in a post-apocalyptic future.	Xenozoic Tales	Mark Schultz
author	My Darling, My Hamburger is a young adult novel written by Paul Zindel, first published in 1969.	My Darling, My Hamburger	Paul Zindel
author	The Eye of the Sheep is a 2014 novel by Australian novelist Sofie Laguna which won the 2015 Miles Franklin Award.	The Eye of the Sheep	Sofie Laguna
author	Kapalkundala (Bengali: কপালকুণ্ডলা), also known as Mrinmoyee, is a Bengali romance novel by Indian writer Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay.	Kapalkundala	Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay
author	Philadelphia, Here I Come! is a 1964 play by Irish dramatist Brian Friel.	Philadelphia, Here I Come!	Brian Friel
author	A Romance of the Halifax Disaster (1918) is today a relatively rare novella by Lieutenant-Colonel Frank McKelvey Bell based on the Halifax Explosion of 1917.	A Romance of the Halifax Disaster	Frank McKelvey Bell
author	The Kraken Wakes is an apocalyptic science fiction novel by John Wyndham, originally published by Michael Joseph in the United Kingdom in 1953, and first published in the United States in the same year by Ballantine Books under the title Out of the Deeps as a mass market paperback.	The Kraken Wakes	John Wyndham
author	Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha is an autobiography of Shantabai Kamble published in 1983.	Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha	Shantabai Kamble
author	A Man Asleep (French: Un homme qui dort) is a 1967 novel by the French writer Georges Perec.	A Man Asleep	Georges Perec
author	Waiting for Anya is a children's novel by Michael Morpurgo, first published in Great Britain in 1990, by William Heinemann.	Waiting for Anya	Michael Morpurgo
author	The Dragon Who Ate His Tail is a collection of short stories, screenplay fragments and manuscript facsimiles by Ray Bradbury.	The Dragon Who Ate His Tail	Ray Bradbury
author	``The Second-Richest Duck'' is an Uncle Scrooge comic book story written and illustrated by Carl Barks in February 1956.	The Second-Richest Duck	Carl Barks
author	Beds in the East is the third novel in Anthony Burgess's Malayan Trilogy The Long Day Wanes.	Beds in the East	Anthony Burgess
author	Year's Best SF 12 (ISBN 0-06-125208-5) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell and Kathryn Cramer that was published in 2007.	Year's Best SF 12	David G. Hartwell	Kathryn Cramer
author	The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism is a non-fiction book written by Irish playwright George Bernard Shaw.	The Intelligent Woman's Guide to Socialism and Capitalism	George Bernard Shaw
author	Les Racines du mal (``the roots of evil'') is a 1995 crime novel by the French writer Maurice G. Dantec.	Les Racines du mal	Maurice G. Dantec
author	The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict is a novel by American author Trenton Lee Stewart.	The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict	Trenton Lee Stewart
author	``Chanson d'automne'' (``Autumn Song'') is a poem by Paul Verlaine, one of the best known in the French language.	Chanson d'automne	Paul Verlaine
author	Of the Farm is a 1965 novel by the American author John Updike.	Of the Farm	John Updike
author	Smiles to Go is a 2008 young adult novel by Jerry Spinelli.	Smiles to Go	Jerry Spinelli
author	And the Land Lay Still is the fourth novel by Scottish novelist and poet James Robertson.	And the Land Lay Still	James Robertson
author	Asterix and the Falling Sky is the thirty-third volume of the Asterix comic book series, by Albert Uderzo (story and illustrations).	Asterix and the Falling Sky	Albert Uderzo
author	A Meditation Upon a Broomstick is a satire and parody written by Jonathan Swift in 1701.	Meditation Upon a Broomstick	Jonathan Swift
author	Household Words was an English weekly magazine edited by Charles Dickens in the 1850s.	Household Words	Charles Dickens
author	A Place Called Here is Irish writer Cecelia Ahern's fourth novel, published in 2006.	A Place Called Here	Cecelia Ahern
author	Juliet Dove, Queen of Love is a Magic Shop book written by Bruce Coville.	Juliet Dove, Queen of Love	Bruce Coville
author	``The Third Ingredient'' is a short story by O. Henry, notable for its ironic take on the ``Stone Soup'' theme.	The Third Ingredient	O. Henry
author	William Carries On is the twenty-fourth book in the Just William series by Richmal Crompton.	William Carries On	Richmal Crompton
author	The Ornithological Dictionary; or Alphabetical Synopsis of British Birds was written by the English naturalist and army officer George Montagu, and first published by J. White of Fleet Street, London in 1802.	Ornithological Dictionary	George Montagu
author	Annie Dunne is a novel written by author and playwright Sebastian Barry.	Annie Dunne	Sebastian Barry
author	A History of the Arab Peoples is a book written by the British-born Lebanese historian Albert Hourani.	A History of the Arab Peoples	Albert Hourani
author	Lion's Blood is a 2002 alternate history novel by Steven Barnes.	Lion's Blood	Steven Barnes
author	The Naked Communist is a 1958 book by an ex FBI agent, United States author and political theorist W. Cleon Skousen.	The Naked Communist	W. Cleon Skousen
author	History of Woman Suffrage is a book that was produced by Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony, Matilda Joslyn Gage and Ida Husted Harper.	History of Woman Suffrage	Elizabeth Cady Stanton	Matilda Joslyn Gage	Ida Husted Harper
author	The Colossus and Other Poems is a poetry collection by American poet Sylvia Plath, first published by William Heinemann, in 1960.	The Colossus and Other Poems	Sylvia Plath
author	Next Sunday is a collection of weekly essays by R. K. Narayan published in 1960.	Next Sunday	R. K. Narayan
author	Dying of the Light is American author George R. R. Martin's first novel, published in 1977.	Dying of the Light	George R. R. Martin
author	The Black Cloud is a science fiction novel written by astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle.	The Black Cloud	Fred Hoyle
author	On Jungle Trails is a book-length compilation of Frank Buck's stories describing how he captures wild animals.	On Jungle Trails	Frank Buck
author	Baker's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians is a major reference originally compiled in 1900 by Theodore Baker, PhD, and published by G. Schirmer Inc. The publication is now in its ninth edition.	Baker's Biographical Dictionary of Musicians	Theodore Baker
author	Une double famille (A Second Home) is a lengthy short story by Honoré de Balzac, which first appeared in 1830 under the title La femme vertueuse (The Virtuous Woman).	Une double famille	Honoré de Balzac
author	Rockbound is a novel published in 1928 by Canadian writer Frank Parker Day.	Rockbound	Frank Parker Day
author	CIOPW is a collection of artwork by E. E. Cummings published in 1931.	CIOPW	E. E. Cummings
author	The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone is the name of a fantasy novel series by Gregory Keyes, written between 2003 and 2008.	The Kingdoms of Thorn and Bone	Gregory Keyes
author	Medallions (the original Polish title: Medaliony) is a book consisting of eight short stories by the Polish author Zofia Nałkowska.	Medallions	Zofia Nałkowska
author	Who Put That Hair in My Toothbrush? is a 1984 young adult novel written by Jerry Spinelli.	Who Put That Hair in My Toothbrush?	Jerry Spinelli
author	The Thrawn trilogy, also known as the Heir to the Empire trilogy, is a series of best-selling science fiction novels written by Timothy Zahn.	Thrawn trilogy	Timothy Zahn
author	A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff is a ``collection of B-sides and rarities'' by Neil Gaiman.	A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff	Neil Gaiman
author	The Magicians' Guild is the first fantasy novel in The Black Magician series by Trudi Canavan.	The Magicians' Guild	Trudi Canavan
author	Discourse, Figure (French: Discours, figure) is a 1971 book by Jean-François Lyotard, his first major work.	Discourse, Figure	Jean-François Lyotard
author	The Communist Manifesto (originally Manifesto of the Communist Party) is an 1848 political pamphlet by German philosophers Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels.	The Communist Manifesto	Karl Marx	Friedrich Engels
author	Kill Your Friends is the debut novel by the Scottish writer John Niven.	Kill Your Friends	John Niven
author	Luther's Small Catechism (Der Kleine Katechismus) was written by Martin Luther and published in 1529 for the training of children.	Luther's Small Catechism	Martin Luther
author	The SPQR series is a collection of historical mystery stories by John Maddox Roberts set in the time of the Roman Republic.	SPQR series	John Maddox Roberts
author	``Good Night, Moon'' is a science fiction short story by Bruce Sterling and Rudy Rucker.	Good Night, Moon	Bruce Sterling
author	The Queen's Fool by Philippa Gregory is a 2004 historical fiction novel.	The Queen's Fool	Philippa Gregory
author	Dariel: a romance of Surrey is a novel by R. D. Blackmore published in 1897.	Dariel	R. D. Blackmore
author	Children of Paranoia is a speculative fiction thriller novel written by Trevor Shane and published in September 2011.	Children of Paranoia	Trevor Shane
author	The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea is an historical novel by James Fenimore Cooper first published in 1840.	The Pathfinder, or The Inland Sea	James Fenimore Cooper
author	The Deadly Streets is a collection of short stories published by author Harlan Ellison in 1958.	The Deadly Streets	Harlan Ellison
author	Popular Music from Vittula (Swedish: Populärmusik från Vittula) is a novel by Mikael Niemi.	Popular Music from Vittula	Mikael Niemi
author	The Eagles' Brood is a 1994 historical novel by Jack Whyte set in Post-Roman Britain.	The Eagles' Brood	Jack Whyte
author	Who Made Stevie Crye?, subtitled A Novel of the American South, is a horror novel by author Michael Bishop.	Who Made Stevie Crye?	Michael Bishop
author	Walk Two Moons is a novel written by Sharon Creech, published by Scholastic in 1994 and winner of the 1995 Newbery Medal.	Walk Two Moons	Sharon Creech
author	(Not That You Asked) Rants, Exploits and Obsessions is a collection of essays by the New York Times bestselling author Steve Almond.	(Not That You Asked) Rants, Exploits and Obsessions	Steve Almond
author	Fire from Heaven is a 1969 historical novel by Mary Renault about the childhood and youth of Alexander the Great.	Fire from Heaven	Mary Renault
author	Fields Virology is an English-language virology textbook, published in two volumes, originally edited by Bernard N. Fields.	Fields Virology	Bernard N. Fields
author	The Burial Mound (Kjæmpehøjen) was Henrik Ibsen's second play and his first play to be performed.	The Burial Mound	Henrik Ibsen
author	The House on Mango Street is a 1984 coming-of-age novel by Mexican-American writer Sandra Cisneros.	The House on Mango Street	Sandra Cisneros
author	Desolation Jones was a bimonthly comic book series written by Warren Ellis.	Desolation Jones	Warren Ellis
author	At GenCon 22 in 1989, Erick Wujcik introduced James Wallis to Kevin Siembieda of Palladium; the result was Wallis' entry into the world of RPG supplement publication through Mutants in Avalon (1990).	Mutants in Avalon	Kevin Siembieda
author	Ulverton is the first novel by British author Adam Thorpe.	Ulverton	Adam Thorpe
author	The New Tenant (French: Le Nouveau Locataire) is a play written by Eugène Ionesco in 1955.	The New Tenant	Eugène Ionesco
author	Gabriel's Story is an award-winning 2001 novel by American author David Anthony Durham.	Gabriel's Story	David Anthony Durham
author	The Other Hand, also known as Little Bee, is a 2008 novel by British author Chris Cleave.	The Other Hand	Chris Cleave
author	What Is This Thing Called Science? is a best-selling textbook by Alan Chalmers.	What Is This Thing Called Science?	Alan Chalmers
author	A Small Town in Germany is a 1968 espionage novel by British author John le Carré.	A Small Town in Germany	John le Carré
author	Writer of the Purple Rage is a collection of short works by American author Joe R. Lansdale, published in 1994.	Writer of the Purple Rage	Joe R. Lansdale
author	Colonel Jack is a novel by Daniel Defoe, first published in 1722.	Colonel Jack	Daniel Defoe
author	Entertaining Mr Sloane is a play by the English playwright Joe Orton.	Entertaining Mr Sloane	Joe Orton
author	An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews, or simply Shamela, as it is more commonly known, is a satirical burlesque, a novella written by Henry Fielding, first published in April 1741 under the name of Mr. Conny Keyber.	An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews	Henry Fielding
author	Blue Willow is a realistic children's fiction book by Doris Gates, published in 1940.	Blue Willow	Doris Gates
author	The Lady of the Shroud is a novella by Bram Stoker, written in 1909.	The Lady of the Shroud	Bram Stoker
author	Too Far to Go is a collection of short stories by the American author John Updike published in 1979 in conjunction with the showing of a two-hour television movie on the NBC network with Blythe Danner, Michael Moriarty, Kathryn Walker and Glenn Close.	Too Far to Go	John Updike
author	``A Song for Simeon'' is a 37-line poem written in 1928 by American-English poet T. S. Eliot (1888--1965).	A Song for Simeon	T. S. Eliot
author	``The Hang of It'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, first published in the July 12, 1941 issue of Collier's Magazine.	The Hang of It	J. D. Salinger
author	Blood tables: it is a holy action to kill Rosas (Spanish: Tablas de Sangre: es acción santa matar a Rosas) is an 1843 Argentine libelle written by José Rivera Indarte against the governor of Buenos Aires, Juan Manuel de Rosas.	Blood tables	José Rivera Indarte
author	Le Parole Obscure du Paysage Interieur (The Obscure Speech of the Interior Landscape) is a collection of French poetry by Italian esoteric writer Julius Evola, published in 1920.	Le Parole Obscure du Paysage Interieur	Julius Evola
author	The Meursault Investigation (French: Meursault, contre-enquête) is the first novel by Algerian writer and journalist Kamel Daoud.	The Meursault Investigation	Kamel Daoud
author	Life and Death in Shanghai is an autobiography published in November 1987(Published 1986-07-24, ISBN 0-246-12948-4,ISBN 978-0-246-12948-2 ) by Nien Cheng from exile in the United States which details Cheng's six-year imprisonment during the Cultural Revolution.	Life and Death in Shanghai	Nien Cheng
author	Human Punk is a 2000 novel by John King that tells the story of a group of boys who leave school in 1977 and the effect the emerging punk movement has on their lives.	Human Punk	John King
author	The Deed of Paksenarrion is an epic fantasy saga by the American author Elizabeth Moon.	The Deed of Paksenarrion	Elizabeth Moon
author	Sarah, Plain and Tall is a children's book written by Patricia MacLachlan, and the winner of the 1986 Newbery Medal, the 1986 Scott O'Dell Award for Historical Fiction and the 1986 Golden Kite Award.	Sarah, Plain and Tall	Patricia MacLachlan
author	The Crystal Frontier (Spanish: La frontera de cristal) is a 1995 novel written by Mexican writer Carlos Fuentes.	The Crystal Frontier	Carlos Fuentes
author	``Evil Robot Monkey'' is a science fiction short story published in 2008 by Mary Robinette Kowal.	Evil Robot Monkey	Mary Robinette Kowal
author	The novel The Bladerunner (also published as The Blade Runner) is a 1974 science fiction novel by Alan E. Nourse.	The Bladerunner	Alan E. Nourse
author	Bosoms and Neglect is a play by American playwright John Guare, first staged in 1979 at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago, Illinois.	Bosoms and Neglect	John Guare
author	Betsy-Tacy and Tib (1941) is the second volume in the Betsy-Tacy series by Maud Hart Lovelace.	Betsy-Tacy and Tib	Maud Hart Lovelace
author	The Saga of Cuckoo is a series of science fiction novels by Frederik Pohl and Jack Williamson.	Saga of Cuckoo	Frederik Pohl	Jack Williamson
author	Five Patients is a non-fiction book by Michael Crichton that recounts his experiences of hospital practices during the late 1960s at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.	Five Patients	Michael Crichton
author	The Only Possible Argument in Support of a Demonstration of the Existence of God (German: Der einzig mögliche Beweisgrund zu einer Demonstration des Daseins Gottes) is a book by Immanuel Kant, published in 1763.	The Only Possible Argument in Support of a Demonstration of the Existence of God	Immanuel Kant
author	Character Building is a book published in Booker T. Washington.	Character Building	Booker T. Washington
author	Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism, by Chögyam Trungpa is a book addressing many common pitfalls of self-deception in seeking spirituality, which the author coins as Spiritual materialism.	Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism	Chögyam Trungpa
author	Once a Greek is a 1955 novel by the Swiss writer Friedrich Dürrenmatt.	Once a Greek	Friedrich Dürrenmatt
author	The Last Day of Creation (in original German: Der letzte Tag der Schöpfung) is a science fiction novel by German writer Wolfgang Jeschke, first published in 1981.	The Last Day of Creation	Wolfgang Jeschke
author	The Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland and other Slavic Countries (Polish: Słownik geograficzny Królestwa Polskiego i innych krajów słowiańskich) is a monumental Polish gazetteer, published 1880--1902 in Warsaw by Filip Sulimierski, Bronisław Chlebowski, Władysław Walewski and others.	Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland	Bronisław Chlebowski
author	La Ronde et autres faits divers is the title of a set of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio and translated into English as The Round & Other Cold Hard Facts.	La Ronde et autres faits divers	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	M. Butterfly is a play by David Henry Hwang loosely based on the relationship between French diplomat Bernard Boursicot and Shi Pei Pu, a male Peking opera singer.	M. Butterfly	David Henry Hwang
author	Vampire Academy is an American best-selling series of six young-adult paranormal romance novels by author Richelle Mead.	Vampire Academy	Richelle Mead
author	The Commonwealth Saga is a series of science fiction novels by British science fiction writer Peter F. Hamilton.	Commonwealth Saga	Peter F. Hamilton
author	Tuli ja raud (English: Fire and Iron) is a novel by Estonian author Karl Ristikivi.	Tuli ja raud	Karl Ristikivi
author	We Were Liars is a 2014 young-adult novel by E. Lockhart.	We Were Liars	E. Lockhart
author	The Tivington Nott is a novel by the Australian author Alex Miller and is based on the lives of real people in Somerset on the borders of Exmoor.	The Tivington Nott	Alex Miller
author	Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick, originally written in 1959.	Confessions of a Crap Artist	Philip K. Dick
author	The American Political Tradition is a 1948 book by Richard Hofstadter, an account on the ideology of previous U.S. presidents and other political figures.	The American Political Tradition	Richard Hofstadter
author	The Cat Who Went to Paris is a short novel by Peter Gethers that documents his life with his cat Norton, a Scottish Fold (published in the UK as A Cat Called Norton).	The Cat Who Went to Paris	Peter Gethers
author	The Swisser is a Caroline era stage play, a tragicomedy written by Arthur Wilson.	The Swisser	Arthur Wilson
author	Tartuffe, or The Impostor, or The Hypocrite (/tɑrˈtʊf, -ˈtuːf/; French: Tartuffe, ou l'Imposteur, pronounced: (taʁtyf u lɛ̃pɔstœʁ)), first performed in 1664, is one of the most famous theatrical comedies by Molière.	Tartuffe	Molière
author	The Sword and the Circle, King Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table is a children's novel written by Rosemary Sutcliff and was first published in 1981.	The Sword and the Circle	Rosemary Sutcliff
author	The Man Who Loved Only Numbers is a biography of the famous mathematician Paul Erdős written by Paul Hoffman.	The Man Who Loved Only Numbers	Paul Hoffman
author	The Fires of Merlin is a 1998 fantasy novel by T. A. Barron published by Penguin.	The Fires of Merlin	T. A. Barron
author	The Spies of Warsaw is a 2008 spy novel by Alan Furst about espionage involving the major nations shortly before World War II competing for influence and control over the future of Poland.	The Spies of Warsaw	Alan Furst
author	Take a Girl Like You is a comic novel by Kingsley Amis.	Take a Girl Like You	Kingsley Amis
author	Pow-Wows; or, Long Lost Friend is a book by John George Hohman published in 1820.	Pow-Wows; or, Long Lost Friend	John George Hohman
author	The Mainspring of Human Progress, by Henry Grady Weaver, is a libertarian history book published in 1947 by Talbot Books.	The Mainspring of Human Progress	Henry Grady Weaver
author	Saint Joan of the Stockyards (German: Die Heilige Johanna der Schlachthöfe) is a play written by the German modernist playwright Bertolt Brecht between 1929 and 1931, after the success of his musical The Threepenny Opera and during the period of his radical experimental work with the Lehrstücke.	Saint Joan of the Stockyards	Bertolt Brecht
author	The 2012 State of the Union Address was a speech given by President Barack Obama, from 9 p.m. to 10:17 p.m. EST on Tuesday, January 24, 2012, in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives.	2012 State of the Union Address	Barack Obama
author	The Ginger Man is a novel, first published in Paris in 1955, by J. P. Donleavy.	The Ginger Man	J. P. Donleavy
author	Chartbreak is a 1986 novel by British author Gillian Cross.	Chartbreak	Gillian Cross
author	Dichterliebe, 'A Poet's Love' (composed 1840), is the best-known song cycle of Robert Schumann (Op. 48).	Dichterliebe	Robert Schumann
author	The Deep Range is a 1957 Arthur C. Clarke science fiction novel concerning a future sub-mariner who helps farm the seas.	The Deep Range	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Jessica Blandy is an ongoing Belgian comic book series, started in 1987 by Belgian artists Renaud and Jean Dufaux.	Jessica Blandy	Jean Dufaux
author	Magna Britannia, being a concise topographical account of the several counties of Great Britain (to give its full title) was an ambitious topographical and historical survey published by the antiquarians Daniel Lysons and his brother Samuel Lysons in several volumes between 1806 and 1822.	Magna Britannia	Daniel Lysons	Samuel Lysons
author	Coup de Lune (Éditions Fayard, 1933), literally ``moonburn'' or ``moonstroke'' in French, but translated into English as Tropic Moon, is a novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon.	Tropic Moon	Georges Simenon
author	The Public Burning, Robert Coover's third novel, was published in 1977.	The Public Burning	Robert Coover
author	Death, Desire and Loss in Western Culture is a sociology book written by Jonathan Dollimore, published in 1998.	Death, Desire and Loss in Western Culture	Jonathan Dollimore
author	Dialectical and Historical Materialism, by Joseph Stalin, is a central text within Soviet political theory, such as Marxism--	Dialectical and Historical Materialism	Joseph Stalin
author	Sri Krishna Rayabaram (Telugu: శ్రీ కృష్ణ రాయబారం) is a popular Telugu drama written by Tirupati Venkata Kavulu in the early 20th century.	Sri Krishna Rayabaram	Tirupati Venkata Kavulu
author	Human Universals is a book by Donald Brown, an American professor of anthropology (emeritus) who worked at the University of California, Santa Barbara.	Human Universals	Donald Brown
author	The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain, A Fancy for Christmas-Time (better known as The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain or simply as The Haunted Man) is a novella by Charles Dickens first published in 1848.	The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain	Charles Dickens
author	The Sound of Fishsteps (Balık İzlerinin Sesi in Turkish) is a prize-winning novel by Turkish writer Buket Uzuner originally published in Turkish by Remzi Kitabevi in 1993 and in English translation in 2002.	The Sound of Fishsteps	Buket Uzuner
author	The Memorial is a 1932 English novel by author Christopher Isherwood.	The Memorial	Christopher Isherwood
author	Rosie Carpe is a 2001 novel by the French writer Marie NDiaye.	Rosie Carpe	Marie NDiaye
author	The Impossible Dead is a novel written by the Scottish author, Ian Rankin.	The Impossible Dead	Ian Rankin
author	The Holy Science is a book written by Swami Sri Yukteswar Giri in 1894 under the title Kaivalya Darsanam.	The Holy Science	Yukteswar Giri
author	Principia Ethica is a 1903 book by the British philosopher G. E. Moore, a vastly influential work.	Principia Ethica	G. E. Moore
author	Thunder Point is a novel in the Sean Dillon series by Jack Higgins, published in 1993.	Thunder Point	Jack Higgins
author	All the Sad Young Literary Men is the debut novel of Keith Gessen, the founder of the journal n+1.	All the Sad Young Literary Men	Keith Gessen
author	A Warrior's Journey is a fantasy novel by Paul B. Thompson and Tonya C. Cook, set in the world of Dragonlance, and based on the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game.	A Warrior's Journey	Paul B. Thompson
author	Auschwitz and After (Auschwitz, et après) is a first person account of life and survival in Birkenau by Charlotte Delbo, translated into English by Rose C. Lamont.	Auschwitz and After	Charlotte Delbo
author	Shadowmind is an original novel written by Christopher Bulis and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Shadowmind	Christopher Bulis
author	The Watchers Out of Time and Others is an omnibus collection of stories by August Derleth inspired in part by notes left by H. P. Lovecraft after his death and presented as a ``posthumous collaboration'' between the two writers.	The Watchers Out of Time and Others	August Derleth	H. P. Lovecraft
author	What Pet Should I Get? is a Dr. Seuss children's book, posthumously published in 2015.	What Pet Should I Get?	Dr. Seuss
author	Begums Thugs and White Mughals - The Journals Of Fanny Parkes is a 2002 historical travel book based on the journals of Fanny Parkes and edited by William Dalrymple.	Begums Thugs and White Mughals	Fanny Parkes
author	Cavedweller is the second novel from critically acclaimed author Dorothy Allison.	Cavedweller	Dorothy Allison
author	The American Pageant, initially published by Thomas A. Bailey in 1956, is an American high school history textbook often used for AP United States History, AICE American History as well as IB History of the Americas courses.	The American Pageant	Thomas A. Bailey
author	Wanted for Murder is the title of a collection of six mystery novellas by Leslie Charteris which was first published in the United States in August 1931.	Wanted for Murder	Leslie Charteris
author	The Prince of Wales and Other Famous Americans is a 1925 book by Miguel Covarrubias, a Mexican cartoonist.	The Prince of Wales and Other Famous Americans	Miguel Covarrubias
author	Deutsch-Mythologische Landschaftsbilder is a two-volume book by Guido von List published in 1891.	Deutsch-Mythologische Landschaftsbilder	Guido von List
author	When the Moon Forgot (originally published in Chinese as 月亮忘记了 (The Moon Forgets)) is a children's book originally written in Chinese by Jimmy Liao in 1999.	When the Moon Forgot	Jimmy Liao
author	Broom & Groom, by co-authors Pavan Choudary and Kiran Bedi, is a 2010 book on hygiene and manners intended to awaken ``the right to civic sense'' among the people of India.	Broom & Groom	Pavan Choudary
author	The Prefect is a 2007 science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds (ISBN 0-575-07716-6).	The Prefect	Alastair Reynolds
author	Night of the Hawk is a 1992 Technothriller written by Dale Brown.	Night of the Hawk	Dale Brown
author	By Bizarre Hands Rides Again is a collection of short stories and two novellas written by American author Joe R. Lansdale.	By Bizarre Hands Rides Again	Joe R. Lansdale
author	A Course of Modern Analysis (colloquially known as Whittaker and Watson) is a landmark textbook on mathematical analysis written by E. T. Whittaker and G. N. Watson, first published by Cambridge University Press in 1902.	A Course of Modern Analysis	E. T. Whittaker
author	Homer's Daughter is a 1955 novel by Robert Graves, famous for I, Claudius and The White Goddess.	Homer's Daughter	Robert Graves
author	The Diana Chronicles is a 2007 British biographical book by Tina Brown that chronicles the life and death of Diana, Princess of Wales.	The Diana Chronicles	Tina Brown
author	Une rose au paradis is a science-fiction novel written by René Barjavel, and first published in 1981.	Une rose au paradis	René Barjavel
author	Shaolin Cowboy is an American comic book series created, written (with the exception of the opening dialog in the issues of the original 2004--2007 run being written by the Wachowskis) and drawn by artist Geof Darrow.	Shaolin Cowboy	Geof Darrow
author	``Minus One'' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard; it was first published in the June 1963 edition of Science Fantasy (Volume 20, Number 59), the 1967 collection The Disaster Area, and then later in the larger The Complete Short Stories of J. G. Ballard:	Minus One	J. G. Ballard
author	Son of a Witch (2005, ISBN 0-06-074722-6) is a fantasy novel written by Gregory Maguire.	Son of a Witch	Gregory Maguire
author	The Janissary Tree is a historical mystery novel set in Constantinople in 1836, written by Jason Goodwin.	The Janissary Tree	Jason Goodwin
author	Backwards to Britain (French: Voyage à reculons en Angleterre et en Ecosse) is a semi-autobiographical novel by the French writer Jules Verne, written in the fall and winter of 1859--1860 and not published until 1989.	Backwards to Britain	Jules Verne
author	Earth Awakens is a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card and Aaron Johnston, and the third book of the First Formic Wars trilogy of novels in the Ender's Game series.	Earth Awakens	Orson Scott Card
author	The Moods of Marianne (French: Les Caprices de Marianne), is an 1833 play by French dramatist Alfred de Musset.	The Moods of Marianne	Alfred de Musset
author	The Red Wolf (Swedish: Den röda vargen) is a crime novel by Liza Marklund first published in 2003.	The Red Wolf	Liza Marklund
author	The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas is a 1933 book by Gertrude Stein, written in the guise of an autobiography authored by Alice B. Toklas, her life partner.	The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas	Gertrude Stein
author	The Year of the Intern, the first novel by Robin Cook and very different from his thrillers, follows the journey of intern Dr. Peters through his year of placement.	Year of the Intern	Robin Cook
author	Queen Ann in Oz is a 1993 children's novel written by Karyl Carlson and Eric Gjovaag, and illustrated by William Campbell and Irwin Terry.	Queen Ann in Oz	Karyl Carlson	Eric Gjovaag
author	Gunner Cade is the second of two science fiction novels written by Cyril M. Kornbluth and Judith Merril (under their Cyril Judd pseudonym), originally serialized in Astounding Science Fiction in 1952.	Gunner Cade	Cyril M. Kornbluth	Judith Merril
author	A Question of Blood is a 2003 crime novel by Ian Rankin.	A Question of Blood	Ian Rankin
author	S.A.M. is a French 4-issue comics series created by Richard Marazano and Shang Xiao.	S.A.M.	Richard Marazano
author	The Impressionist is Hari Kunzru's debut novel, first published in 2002.	The Impressionist	Hari Kunzru
author	The House of Fame (Hous of Fame in the original spelling) is a Middle English poem by Geoffrey Chaucer, probably written between 1379 and 1380, making it one of his earlier works.	The House of Fame	Geoffrey Chaucer
author	Blue Gold is the second book in the NUMA Files series of books co-written by author Clive Cussler and Paul Kemprecos, and was published in 2000.	Blue Gold	Clive Cussler	Paul Kemprecos
author	The Poor Man and the Lady was the first novel written by Thomas Hardy.	The Poor Man and the Lady	Thomas Hardy
author	Cursor's Fury is a 2006 high fantasy novel by Jim Butcher.	Cursor's Fury	Jim Butcher
author	Planet of Light, written by Raymond F. Jones, is a science-fiction novel first published in 1953 by the John C. Winston Co. as part of its 35-book set of juvenile novels.	Planet of Light	Raymond F. Jones
author	Merlin's Wood; or, The Vision of Magic is a short novel written by Robert Holdstock and was first published in the United Kingdom in 1994.	Merlin's Wood	Robert Holdstock
author	Hubert's Hair-Raising Adventure is the first picture book published by author Bill Peet.	Hubert's Hair-Raising Adventure	Bill Peet
author	The Google Story is a book by David Vise and Mark Malseed that takes an in-depth look who founded the company and why it is unique.	The Google Story	Mark Malseed
author	Little Grunt and the Big Egg (A Prehistoric Fairy Tale) is a 1990 picture book written and illustrated by Tomie dePaola.	Little Grunt and the Big Egg	Tomie dePaola
author	Wickett's Remedy is a 2005 historical novel by Myla Goldberg, about the 1918 influenza epidemic.	Wickett's Remedy	Myla Goldberg
author	Operación Masacre (``Operation Massacre'') is a nonfiction novel of investigative journalism, written by noted Argentine journalist and author Rodolfo Walsh.	Operación Masacre	Rodolfo Walsh
author	Elmina's Kitchen, first performed in May 2003, is the fifth play from the British actor, playwright and broadcaster, Kwame Kwei-Armah.	Elmina's Kitchen	Kwame Kwei-Armah
author	Abie's Irish Rose is a popular comedy by Anne Nichols familiar from stage productions, films and radio programs.	Abie's Irish Rose	Anne Nichols
author	Dawn of the Arcana is a shōjo manga by Rei Toma first serialized in Monthly Cheese! and licensed by Viz Media.	Dawn of the Arcana	Rei Toma
author	The Lawgiver is a novel by Herman Wouk, which the author published in 2012 at the age of 97.	The Lawgiver	Herman Wouk
author	The Indigo Necklace (1945), also published as The Indigo Necklace Murders, is a mystery novel by Frances Crane.	The Indigo Necklace	Frances Crane
author	The Snail and the Whale is a children's book by former children's laureate Julia Donaldson, illustrated by longtime collaborator Axel Scheffler.	The Snail and the Whale	Julia Donaldson
author	``The Other Gods'' is a short story written by American horror writer H. P. Lovecraft on August 14, 1921.	The Other Gods	H. P. Lovecraft
author	Captain Underpants is a children's novel series by American author and illustrator Dav Pilkey.	Captain Underpants	Dav Pilkey
author	The Wonderful O is the last of James Thurber's five short-book fairy tales for children.	The Wonderful O	James Thurber
author	Death of a Gossip is a mystery novel by M. C. Beaton (Marion Chesney), first published in 1985.	Death of a Gossip	Marion Chesney
author	Ballad of Dog's Beach (in original Portuguese Balada da Praia dos Cães) is a fiction novel by the Portuguese author José Cardoso Pires, relating the investigation into the murder of a political dissident, taking place around 1961.	Balada da Praia dos Cães	José Cardoso Pires
author	Bright April is a 1946 children's story book written and illustrated by Marguerite de Angeli, who later won the 1950 Newbery Medal for excellence in American children's literature for The Door in the Wall.	Bright April	Marguerite de Angeli
author	Tom's Midnight Garden is a low fantasy novel for children by Philippa Pearce, first published in 1958 by Oxford with illustrations by Susan Einzig.	Tom's Midnight Garden	Philippa Pearce
author	Ex-Mutants was a comic book series created by writer David Lawrence and artist Ron Lim along with editor David Campiti in 1986.	Ex-Mutants	David Campiti
author	How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy is an Asterix story written by René Goscinny and originally published in the French magazine Pilote issue 291 (1965), with only a few drawings.	How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy	René Goscinny
author	Complete Champion was written by Ed Stark, Chris Thomasson, Rhiannon Louve, Ari Marmell, and Gary Astleford, and was published in May 2007.	Complete Champion	Ari Marmell
author	``Second Variety'' is a short story by Philip K. Dick first published in Space Science Fiction magazine, in May 1953.	Second Variety	Philip K. Dick
author	A Dead Man in Deptford (1993) was written late in Anthony Burgess's life, and is the last of his novels to be published during his lifetime.	A Dead Man in Deptford	Anthony Burgess
author	The Tarnished Eye is a 2004 crime novel by Judith Guest, based on the Robison family murders that occurred in June 1968 in Good Hart, Michigan and the murders committed by John Norman Collins in the Ann Arbor and Ypsilanti areas of Michigan in the late 1960s.	The Tarnished Eye	Judith Guest
author	Paint Your Dragon is a humorous novel by Tom Holt first published in the UK in 1996 by Orbit and in paper back a year later by St. Martin's Press.	Paint Your Dragon	Tom Holt
author	Me and Earl and the Dying Girl is a 2012 debut novel written by Jesse Andrews.	Me and Earl and the Dying Girl	Jesse Andrews
author	``The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall'' (1835) is a short story by Edgar Allan Poe published in the June 1835 issue of the monthly magazine Southern Literary Messenger, and intended by Poe to be a hoax.	The Unparalleled Adventure of One Hans Pfaall	Edgar Allan Poe
author	Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man is a 1981 novel by best-selling author Fannie Flagg.	Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man	Fannie Flagg
author	Relación breve de la conquista de la Nueva España (English: Short Account of the Conquest of New Spain) is the account of friar Francisco de Aguilar, who in his youth took part in the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire as a conquistador under the command of Hernán Cortés.	Relación breve de la conquista de la Nueva España	Francisco de Aguilar
author	The Open Audio License is a free music license, created in 2001 by the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF).	Open Audio License	Electronic Frontier Foundation
author	That Old Cape Magic is Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Richard Russo's seventh novel.	That Old Cape Magic	Richard Russo
author	Senselessness is the English translation of the 2004 novel Insensatez, originally written in Spanish by Salvadoran writer Horacio Castellanos Moya.	Senselessness	Horacio Castellanos Moya
author	The Faiths of the Founding Fathers is a book by historian of American religion David L. Holmes of the College of William & Mary.	The Faiths of the Founding Fathers	David L. Holmes
author	Wadzeks Kampf mit der Dampfturbine (Wadzek's Struggle with the Steam Turbine) is a 1918 comic novel by the German author Alfred Döblin.	Wadzeks Kampf mit der Dampfturbine	Alfred Döblin
author	The Lollipop Shoes is a 2007 novel by Joanne Harris--a sequel to the best-selling Chocolat--continuing the story of Vianne Rocher, the chocolate-making character and Anouk and Rosette, her two daughters.	The Lollipop Shoes	Joanne Harris
author	Psychology from an Empirical Standpoint (German: Psychologie vom empirischen Standpunkte) is an 1874 book by the Austrian philosopher Franz Brentano.	Psychology from an Empirical Standpoint	Franz Brentano
author	Mekanix is a six issue comic book limited series published in 2002-2003 by Marvel Comics, written by Chris Claremont, pencilled by Juan Bobillo and inked by Marcelo Sosa.	Mekanix	Chris Claremont
author	An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs is a book written by the Irish Whig MP and philosopher, Edmund Burke, published on 3 August 1791.	An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs	Edmund Burke
author	North from Thursday is a 1960 novel from Australian author Jon Cleary.	North from Thursday	Jon Cleary
author	The Kingdom Keepers is a series of children's novels written by Ridley Pearson.	The Kingdom Keepers	Ridley Pearson
author	``The Bucket Rider'' (``Der Kübelreiter'') is a short story by Franz Kafka, written in 1917.	The Bucket Rider	Franz Kafka
author	The Mark of the Lion series is authored by Francine Rivers and consists of three novels:	Mark of the Lion	Francine Rivers
author	Dinosaur Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia that was edited by Jayne Parsons.	Dinosaur Encyclopedia	Jayne Parsons
author	The Sabre Squadron is Volume III of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven, published in 1966.	The Sabre Squadron	Simon Raven
author	Princess Priscilla's Fortnight is a 1905 comedy-drama novel by the British writer Elizabeth von Arnim, known at the time as Elizabeth Russell.	Princess Priscilla's Fortnight	Elizabeth von Arnim
author	Poison Elves is a black-and-white comic book by the late artist/writer Drew Hayes, concerning the life and times of an elf named Lusiphur.	Poison Elves	Drew Hayes
author	Epilogue For W. H. Auden is a 76-line poem by Louis MacNeice.	Epilogue For W. H. Auden	Louis MacNeice
author	Eye for Eye (1987) is a science fiction novella by Orson Scott Card.	Eye for Eye	Orson Scott Card
author	The Book of Sand (original Spanish title: ``El libro de arena'') is a 1975 short story collection by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges (1899--1986).	The Book of Sand	Jorge Luis Borges
author	Zen and the Art of Consciousness (2011), originally titled Ten Zen Questions (2009), is a book by Susan Blackmore.	Zen and the Art of Consciousness	Susan Blackmore
author	Garden Spells is a 2007 novel by Sarah Addison Allen.	Garden Spells	Sarah Addison Allen
author	Days of Despair by Rajiva Wijesinha is a darker sequel to the author's political comedy Acts of Faith which came out in the early years of the racial and political strife in Sri Lanka.	Days of Despair	Rajiva Wijesinha
author	Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt is Richard Brautigan's eighth poetry publication and includes 58 poems.	Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt	Richard Brautigan
author	Against the Day is a 2006 historical novel by Thomas Pynchon.	Against the Day	Thomas Pynchon
author	Beyond Culture is a 1976 book by American anthropologist Edward T. Hall.	Beyond Culture	Edward T. Hall
author	``Stellar Ships'' or ``Star Ships'' (Russian name ``Zvezdnye Korabli'', Russian: Звёздные корабли) is a short story by the Soviet writer and paleontologist Ivan Yefremov written in 1944 and first published in 1948 in the USSR.	Stellar Ships	Ivan Yefremov
author	Where the Stress Falls, published in 2001, is the last collection of essays published by Susan Sontag before her death in 2004.	Where the Stress Falls	Susan Sontag
author	Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality (German: Drei Abhandlungen zur Sexualtheorie), sometimes titled Three Contributions to the Theory of Sex, is a 1905 work by Sigmund Freud which advanced his theory of sexuality, in particular its relation to childhood.	Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality	Sigmund Freud
author	Middle-Age Spread is a 1977 play written by New Zealand playwright Roger Hall that premiered at the Circa Theatre in Wellington, New Zealand.	Middle-Age Spread	Roger Hall
author	History of the Loss of Vietnam (Chinese: 越南亡國史; pinyin: Yuènán Wángguó Shǐ, Vietnamese: Việt Nam vong quốc sử) was a Chinese-language book written by Phan Bội Châu, the leading Vietnamese anti-colonial revolutionary of the early 20th century, in 1905 while he was in Japan.	History of the Loss of Vietnam	Phan Bội Châu
author	Alireza, (Persian: علیرضا‎‎), is a memoir written by Iranian American author Arion Golmakani, translated into Persian by Shadi Hamedi and published in January 2014.	Alireza	Arion Golmakani
author	An Indecent Obsession is a 1981 novel by Australian author Colleen McCullough.	An Indecent Obsession	Colleen McCullough
author	Aurora Leigh (1856) is an epic novel/poem by Elizabeth Barrett Browning.	Aurora Leigh	Elizabeth Barrett Browning
author	A quien corresponda (To Whom it may Concern) is an Argentine novel by Martín Caparrós.	A quien corresponda	Martín Caparrós
author	Papegøien (English: The Parrot) is a farce from 1835, written by Norwegian writer Henrik Wergeland under the pseudonym ``Siful Sifadda''.	Papegøien	Henrik Wergeland
author	The Gods Themselves is a 1972 science fiction novel written by Isaac Asimov.	The Gods Themselves	Isaac Asimov
author	Altered Carbon is a 2002 hardboiled cyberpunk science fiction novel by Richard K. Morgan.	Altered Carbon	Richard K. Morgan
author	Players at the Game of People is a science fiction novel by John Brunner.	Players at the Game of People	John Brunner
author	From the Earth to the Moon (French: De la terre à la lune) is an 1865 novel by Jules Verne.	From the Earth to the Moon	Jules Verne
author	The Land of Decoration is the debut novel by British author Grace McCleen published in 2012 by Chatto & Windus.	The Land of Decoration	Grace McCleen
author	Skipping Christmas is a comedy novel by John Grisham.	Skipping Christmas	John Grisham
author	The Courts of Chaos is the fifth book in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny.	The Courts of Chaos	Roger Zelazny
author	Ungifted is a 2012 children's novel by Gordon Korman.	Ungifted	Gordon Korman
author	The Master of Go is a novel by the Japanese author Yasunari Kawabata, first published in serial form in 1951.	The Master of Go	Yasunari Kawabata
author	The Restaurant at the End of the Universe (1980, ISBN 0-345-39181-0) is the second book in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy comedy science fiction ``trilogy'' by Douglas Adams, and is a sequel.	The Restaurant at the End of the Universe	Douglas Adams
author	A Heart So White by Javier Marías was first published in Spain in 1992 (original title Corazón tan blanco.)	A Heart So White	Javier Marías
author	Marazan is the first published novel by the British author Nevil Shute.	Marazan	Nevil Shute
author	English Bards and Scotch Reviewers is a satirical poem written by Lord Byron.	English Bards and Scotch Reviewers	Lord Byron
author	Doctor Syn on the High Seas is the second in the series of Doctor Syn novels by Russell Thorndike.	Doctor Syn on the High Seas	Russell Thorndike
author	Barrel Fever and Other Stories is a 1994 collection of short stories and essays by David Sedaris.	Barrel Fever	David Sedaris
author	Is that a Monster, Alfie Atkins? (Swedish: Alfons och odjuret) is a 1978 children's book by Gunilla Bergström.	Is that a Monster, Alfie Atkins?	Gunilla Bergström
author	The Galilee Hitch-Hiker is Richard Brautigan's second poetry publication.	The Galilee Hitch-Hiker	Richard Brautigan
author	Star Guard is a science-fiction novel written by Andre Norton and published in 1955 by Harcourt, Brace & Company.	Star Guard	Andre Norton
author	Rain Stones is a 1991 short story collection by acclaimed Australian author Jackie French.	Rain Stones	Jackie French
author	The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World: from Marathon to Waterloo is a book written by Sir Edward Shepherd Creasy and published in 1851.	The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World	Edward Shepherd Creasy
author	Anastasia at This Address (1991) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia at This Address	Lois Lowry
author	Moon Base One is a young adult science fiction novel, the fourth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	Moon Base One	Hugh Walters
author	Becket or The Honour of God (French: Becket ou l'honneur de Dieu) is a play written in French by Jean Anouilh.	Becket	Jean Anouilh
author	Two Trains Running is a play by American playwright August Wilson, the seventh in his ten-part series The Pittsburgh Cycle.	Two Trains Running	August Wilson
author	3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories, edited by L. Sprague de Camp and Catherine Crook de Camp.	3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	The Diamond Smugglers is a non-fiction work by Ian Fleming that was first published in 1957 in the United Kingdom and in 1958 in the United States.	The Diamond Smugglers	Ian Fleming
author	The Milltillionaire, or Age of Bardization is a work of utopian fiction written by Albert Waldo Howard, and published under the pseudonym ``M. Auberré Hovorré.''	The Milltillionaire	Albert Waldo Howard
author	Van Loon's Lives is a book by the Dutch-American writer Hendrik Willem van Loon published in 1942.	Van Loon's Lives	Hendrik Willem van Loon
author	The Rainbow Cadenza is a science fiction novel by J. Neil Schulman which won the 1984 Prometheus Award for libertarian science fiction.	The Rainbow Cadenza	J. Neil Schulman
author	The Boozer Challenge is a fiction book by author Charles Gill, son of famed New Yorker writer Brendan Gill, and brother of Michael Gates Gill, who wrote How Starbucks Saved My Life.	The Boozer Challenge	Charles Gill
author	A Short Life of Kierkegaard is a book by Walter Lowrie, the first edition was published in 1938 by Oxford University Press simply under the title Kierkegaard.	A Short Life of Kierkegaard	Walter Lowrie
author	``Exile of Atlantis'' is a short story by Robert E. Howard and is the first story written by Howard to feature his creation Kull, set in his fictional Thurian Age.	Exile of Atlantis	Robert E. Howard
author	City of Silence is a three-issue comic book limited series written by Warren Ellis and drawn by Gary Erskine.	City of Silence	Gary Erskine
author	``The Martian Child'' is a novelette by American writer David Gerrold.	The Martian Child	David Gerrold
author	Foggerty's Fairy and Other Tales is an 1890 book by W. S. Gilbert, collecting several of the short stories and essays he wrote in his early career as a magazine writer (before 1874).	Foggerty's Fairy and Other Tales	W. S. Gilbert
author	A History of the Crusades, is a history of the Crusades and is arguably the best known and most widely acclaimed work of historian Steven Runciman.	A History of the Crusades	Steven Runciman
author	On the Way to the Wedding is a historical romance written by Julia Quinn and published in 2006.	On the Way to the Wedding	Julia Quinn
author	Currant Events is the twenty-eighth book of the Xanth series by Piers Anthony, and the first book in the second Xanth trilogy.	Currant Events	Piers Anthony
author	Poor Charlie's Almanack is a collection of speeches and talks by Charlie Munger, compiled by Peter D. Kaufman.	Poor Charlie's Almanack	Charlie Munger
author	Het spook en de schaduw (``The ghost and the shadow'') is a novel by Dutch author Simon Vestdijk.	Het spook en de schaduw	Simon Vestdijk
author	Hacker Culture is a cultural criticism book written by Douglas Thomas that deals with hacker ethics and hackers.	Hacker Culture	Douglas Thomas
author	Mendy and the Golem, originally written by Leibel Estrin and later by Matt Brandstein, is the name of two American comic book series featuring Jewish characters.	Mendy and the Golem	Matt Brandstein
author	The Gods Return is the ninth and final book in the Lord of the Isles Saga by David Drake.	The Gods Return	David Drake
author	The Healer's Keep is the second novel in the Seer and the Sword series, by Victoria Hanley.	The Healer's Keep	Victoria Hanley
author	On Beauty is a 2005 novel by British author Zadie Smith.	On Beauty	Zadie Smith
author	The White Boy Shuffle is the 1996 first novel of poet Paul Beatty.	The White Boy Shuffle	Paul Beatty
author	Jackson's Dilemma is a novel by Iris Murdoch, published in 1995.	Jackson's Dilemma	Iris Murdoch
author	``The Gift of Gab'' is an early science fiction short story by American author Jack Vance, first published in 1955.	The Gift of Gab	Jack Vance
author	Designing Virtual Worlds is a book about the practice of virtual world development by Richard Bartle.	Designing Virtual Worlds	Richard Bartle
author	Religion and Dharma (1915) is a book written by Sister Nivedita.	Religion and Dharma	Sister Nivedita
author	Something Leather is a novel-in-stories by Alasdair Gray which was published in 1990.	Something Leather	Alasdair Gray
author	Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu is a monograph by Shigeo Kurata on the tropical pitcher plants of Mount Kinabalu and the surrounding area of Kinabalu National Park in Sabah, Borneo.	Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu	Shigeo Kurata
author	Hollywood Arms is a play by Carrie Hamilton and Carol Burnett.	Hollywood Arms	Carol Burnett
author	Troubling a Star (ISBN 0-374-37783-9) is the last full-length novel in the Austin family series by Madeleine L'Engle.	Troubling a Star	Madeleine L'Engle
author	Arsène Lupin vs. Herlock Sholmes is a collection of two adventures of Arsène Lupin, written by Maurice Leblanc.	Arsène Lupin vs. Herlock Sholmes	Maurice Leblanc
author	The Bridge trilogy is a series of novels by William Gibson, his second after the successful Sprawl trilogy.	Bridge trilogy	William Gibson
author	Another Time is a book of poems by W. H. Auden, published in 1940.	Another Time	W. H. Auden
author	Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises is a 2004 collection of essays by Miles Marshall Lewis.	Scars of the Soul Are Why Kids Wear Bandages When They Don't Have Bruises	Miles Marshall Lewis
author	Beyond Singularity (ISBN 978-0441013630) is a science fiction anthology edited by Jack Dann and Gardner Dozois.	Beyond Singularity	Jack Dann	Gardner Dozois
author	Witches of East End is a 2011 novel by author Melissa de la Cruz and the first entry in her Beauchamp Family series.	Witches of East End	Melissa de la Cruz
author	The Ragwitch is a young adult horror/fantasy novel written by Garth Nix.	The Ragwitch	Garth Nix
author	A Prison Diary is a series of three books of diaries written by Jeffrey Archer during his time in prisons following his convictions for perjury and perverting the course of justice.	A Prison Diary	Jeffrey Archer
author	The Absentee is a novel by Maria Edgeworth, published in 1812 in Tales of Fashionable Life, that expresses the systemic evils of the absentee landlord class of Anglo-Irish and the desperate condition of the Irish peasantry.	The Absentee	Maria Edgeworth
author	All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes, published in 1986, is the fifth book in African-American writer and poet Maya Angelou's seven-volume autobiography series.	All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes	Maya Angelou
author	``There Will Come Soft Rains'' is a short story by science fiction author Ray Bradbury which was first published in the May 6, 1950 issue of Collier's.	There Will Come Soft Rains	Ray Bradbury
author	An Officer and a Spy is a 2013 historical fiction thriller by the English writer and journalist Robert Harris.	An Officer and a Spy	Robert Harris
author	The Queen of the Caribbean is a 1901 adventure novel written by Italian novelist Emilio Salgari.	The Queen of the Caribbean	Emilio Salgari
author	The Dwelling-Place of Light is a 1917 best-selling novel by American writer Winston Churchill, the last of his twenty year run of best-sellers.	The Dwelling-Place of Light	Winston Churchill
author	Red Azalea is a memoir of Chinese American writer Anchee Min (b. 1957).	Red Azalea	Anchee Min
author	Pan Podstoli (Lord Steward, or Royal Pantler) is a novel by Polish author, Ignacy Krasicki, published in several parts (1778, 1784 and 1803).	Pan Podstoli	Ignacy Krasicki
author	Monsieur Eek is a short novel by respected playwright David Ives, intended for ages 9--12.	Monsieur Eek	David Ives
author	All the Names (Portuguese: Todos os nomes) is a novel by Portuguese author José Saramago.	All the Names	José Saramago
author	The Devil Rides Out is a 1934 novel by Dennis Wheatley telling a disturbing story of black magic and the occult.	The Devil Rides Out	Dennis Wheatley
author	The Accidental Sorcerer is the first book in the Rogue Agent series by Australian writer Karen Miller.	The Accidental Sorcerer	Karen Miller
author	The Bondwoman's Narrative is a best-selling novel by Hannah Crafts, a self-proclaimed slave escaped from North Carolina.	The Bondwoman's Narrative	Hannah Crafts
author	Representative Men is a collection of seven lectures by Ralph Waldo Emerson, published as a book of essays in 1850.	Representative Men	Ralph Waldo Emerson
author	On My Walk is a young children's book (recommended for ages 2--5) by Kari-Lynn Winters and Christina Leist.	On My Walk	Kari-Lynn Winters
author	Leave Myself Behind is the 2004 debut novel by American writer Bart Yates.	Leave Myself Behind	Bart Yates
author	The Immortal Beloved (German ``Unsterbliche Geliebte'') is the mysterious addressee of a love letter which composer Ludwig van Beethoven wrote on 6--7 July 1812 in Teplitz.	Immortal Beloved	Ludwig van Beethoven
author	The Chinese Maze Murders is a gong'an historical mystery novel written by Robert van Gulik and set in Imperial China.	The Chinese Maze Murders	Robert van Gulik
author	The Chanur novels is a series of five science fiction novels, forming three separate stories, written by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh and published by DAW Books between 1981 and 1992.	The Chanur novels	C. J. Cherryh
author	``Signs and Symbols'' is a short story by Vladimir Nabokov, written in English and first published, May 15, 1948 in The New Yorker and then in Nabokov's Dozen (1958: Doubleday & Company, Garden City, New York).	Signs and Symbols	Vladimir Nabokov
author	Man's Fate (French: La condition humaine, ``The Human Condition''), is a 1933 novel written by André Malraux.	Man's Fate	André Malraux
author	``The Cares of a Family Man'' (``Die Sorge des Hausvaters'') is a short story by Franz Kafka about a creature called Odradek.	The Cares of a Family Man	Franz Kafka
author	``Queen of the Black Coast'' is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine c. May 1934.	Queen of the Black Coast	Robert E. Howard
author	Raptor Red is a 1995 American novel by paleontologist Robert T. Bakker.	Raptor Red	Robert T. Bakker
author	The Supper of the Lamb is a food book by Robert Farrar Capon.	The Supper of the Lamb	Robert Farrar Capon
author	Anastasia Again! (1981) is a young-adult novel by Lois Lowry.	Anastasia Again!	Lois Lowry
author	The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008 is a non-fiction book by American economist and winner of the Nobel Prize in economics Paul Krugman.	The Return of Depression Economics and the Crisis of 2008	Paul Krugman
author	The Last September is a novel by the Anglo-Irish writer Elizabeth Bowen published in 1929, concerning life at the country mansion of Danielstown, Cork during the Irish War of Independence.	The Last September	Elizabeth Bowen
author	A Satyr Against Reason and Mankind is a satirical poem by the English Restoration poet John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester.	A Satyr Against Reason and Mankind	John Wilmot, 2nd Earl of Rochester
author	Salt-Water Poems and Ballads is a book of poetry on themes of seafaring and maritime history by John Masefield.	Salt-Water Poems and Ballads	John Masefield
author	Flood of Fire (2015) is a novel by Indian novelist Amitav Ghosh.	Flood of Fire	Amitav Ghosh
author	Suttree is a semi-autobiographical novel by Cormac McCarthy, published in 1979.	Suttree	Cormac McCarthy
author	The Nicomachean Ethics (/ˌnɪkoʊˈmækiən/) is the name normally given to Aristotle's best-known work on ethics.	Nicomachean Ethics	Aristotle
author	A Summer Place is a 1958 novel by Sloan Wilson, a follow-on to The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit.	A Summer Place	Sloan Wilson
author	The Concept of Law (ISBN 0-19-876122-8) is the most famous work of the legal philosopher H. L. A. Hart.	The Concept of Law	H. L. A. Hart
author	Life on the Mississippi (1883) is a memoir by Mark Twain of his days as a steamboat pilot on the Mississippi River before the American Civil War, and also a travel book, recounting his trip along the Mississippi River from St. Louis to New Orleans many years after the War.	Life on the Mississippi	Mark Twain
author	The White Hotel is a novel written by the English poet, translator and novelist D. M. Thomas.	The White Hotel	D. M. Thomas
author	12 Who Don't Agree (Russian: 12 несогласных) is a 2009 non-fiction book by the Russian writer Valery Panyushkin.	12 Who Don't Agree	Valery Panyushkin
author	Doctor Slaughter is a novel by Paul Theroux published in 1984.	Doctor Slaughter	Paul Theroux
author	Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules is a 2005 anthology of short stories edited by David Sedaris.	Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules	David Sedaris
author	A Trip Through Death, Sex, Divorce, and Spiritual Celebrity in Search of the True Dharma (often referred to simply as Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate) is a book written by Zen priest and punk rock bassist Brad Warner.	Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate	Brad Warner
author	Dark Valley Destiny: the Life of Robert E. Howard is a biography of the writer Robert E. Howard by science-fiction writer L. Sprague de Camp in collaboration with Catherine Crook de Camp and Jane Whittington Griffin, first in hardcover published by Bluejay Books in 1983.	Dark Valley Destiny	Catherine Crook de Camp
author	Abeltje is a children's novel by celebrated Dutch author Annie M. G. Schmidt, originally published in 1953 by De Arbeiderspers.	Abeltje	Annie M. G. Schmidt
author	Return to Groosham Grange (also known as The Unholy Grail) is the second Groosham Grange novel written by Anthony Horowitz.	Return to Groosham Grange	Anthony Horowitz
author	``A Letter from the Clearys'' is a short story written by Connie Willis published in the short story collections Fire Watch (1984) and The Best of Connie Willis (2013).	A Letter from the Clearys	Connie Willis
author	Saintspeak (1981) is a satirical look at The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by LDS author Orson Scott Card.	Saintspeak	Orson Scott Card
author	The Pollen Room (German: Das Blütenstaubzimmer) is the debut novel by Swiss author Zoë Jenny.	The Pollen Room	Zoë Jenny
author	New Writings in SF 21 is an anthology of science fiction short stories edited by John Carnell, the last volume he oversaw in the New Writings in SF prior to his decease; later volumes in the series were issued under the editorship of Kenneth Bulmer.	New Writings in SF 21	John Carnell
author	``Half a Man'' is a song written by country music singer Willie Nelson.	Half a Man	Willie Nelson
author	Hafnia Hodierna, Eller Udførlig Beskrivelse om den Kongelige Residentz- og Hoved-Stad Kiøbenhavn (English: Hafnia Hodierna, Or Detailed Description of the Royal Residence and Capital City Copenhagen) is an engraved architectural work on Copenhagen, published by the Danish architect Lauritz de Thurah in 1748.	Hafnia Hodierna	Lauritz de Thurah
author	The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man (1912/1927) by James Weldon Johnson is the fictional account of a young biracial man, referred to only as the ``Ex-Colored Man'', living in post-Reconstruction era America in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries.	The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man	James Weldon Johnson
author	The Baltic Origins of Homer's Epic Tales is an essay written by Felice Vinci, a nuclear engineer and amateur historian, published for the first time in 1995.	The Baltic Origins of Homer's Epic Tales	Felice Vinci
author	General Systemantics (retitled to Systemantics in its second edition and The Systems Bible in its third) is a systems engineering treatise by John Gall in which he offers practical principles of systems design based on experience and anecdotes.	Systemantics	John Gall
author	Crook as Rookwood is a 2005 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Chris Nyst.	Crook as Rookwood	Chris Nyst
author	The Light of Other Days is a 2000 science fiction novel written by Stephen Baxter based on a synopsis by Arthur C. Clarke, which explores the development of wormhole technology to the point where information can be passed instantaneously between points in the space-time continuum.	The Light of Other Days	Stephen Baxter	Arthur C. Clarke
author	The Nature of Space and Time is a book that documents a debate on physics and the philosophy of physics between the British theoretical physicists Roger Penrose and Stephen Hawking.	The Nature of Space and Time	Roger Penrose	Stephen Hawking
author	Die Geschichte der Abderiten (English: The Story of the Abderites), subtitled Eine sehr wahrscheinliche Geschichte (English: A very probable story), is a satirical novel by the German poet and writer Christoph Martin Wieland.	Die Geschichte der Abderiten	Christoph Martin Wieland
author	Love and Glory (ISBN 0-385-29261-9) is a 1983 novel by Robert B. Parker.	Love and Glory	Robert B. Parker
author	The Cheerleader is a 1973 coming of age novel by Ruth Doan MacDougall.	The Cheerleader	Ruth Doan MacDougall
author	Balyakalasakhi (Malayalam: ബാല്യകാലസഖി, meaning childhood companion), is a Malayalam romantic tragedy novel written by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer.	Balyakalasakhi	Vaikom Muhammad Basheer
author	Big Susan is a 1947 children's fantasy story written and illustrated by Elizabeth Orton Jones.	Big Susan	Elizabeth Orton Jones
author	The Tempest is a play by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written in 1610--11, and thought by many critics to be the last play that Shakespeare wrote alone.	The Tempest	William Shakespeare
author	Journey in North America (original Hungarian title: Utazás Észak-Amerikában) is a book by Sándor Bölöni Farkas published in 1834.	Journey in North America	Sándor Bölöni Farkas
author	If I Ran the Zoo is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss in 1950.	If I Ran the Zoo	Dr. Seuss
author	Mechanica (Latin: Mechanica sive motus scientia analytice exposita; 1736) is a two-volume work published by mathematician Leonhard Euler, which describes analytically the mathematics governing movement.	Mechanica	Leonhard Euler
author	``Eight Cousins, or The Aunt-Hill'' was published in 1875 by American novelist Louisa May Alcott.	Eight Cousins	Louisa May Alcott
author	Lectures on History and General Policy (1788) is the published version of a set of lectures on history and government given by the 18th-century British polymath Joseph Priestley to the students of Warrington Academy.	Lectures on History and General Policy	Joseph Priestley
author	A guerra dos mascates is a novel written by the Brazillan writer José de Alencar.	A guerra dos mascates	José de Alencar
author	``The Mother Hive'' is a short story or fable by Rudyard Kipling about the decline and destruction of a hive of bees.	The Mother Hive	Rudyard Kipling
author	The Adventures of Luther Arkwright was a limited series comic book written and drawn by Bryan Talbot.	The Adventures of Luther Arkwright	Bryan Talbot
author	Jacob's Rescue is a 1994 children's book by Malka Drucker and Michael Halperin based on a true story that takes place in Warsaw, Poland during the holocaust.	Jacob's Rescue	Malka Drucker
author	M*A*S*H Mania is a novel written by H. Richard Hornberger under the pseudonym Richard Hooker and originally published in 1977.	M*A*S*H Mania	Richard Hooker
author	Summer's Lease is a novel, set predominantly in Italy, by Sir John Mortimer, author of the Rumpole novels.	Summer's Lease	John Mortimer
author	The Wimsey Papers are a series of articles by Dorothy L. Sayers published between November 1939 and January 1940 in The Spectator.	The Wimsey Papers	Dorothy L. Sayers
author	Sebastian O is a comic book series written by Grant Morrison, drawn by Steve Yeowell and published by the Vertigo imprint of DC Comics in 1993.	Sebastian O	Grant Morrison
author	On Your Toes (1936) is a musical with a book by Richard Rodgers, George Abbott, and Lorenz Hart, music by Rodgers, and lyrics by Hart.	On Your Toes	Richard Rodgers	George Abbott	Lorenz Hart
author	Seetee Ship is the second of two science fiction novels by Jack Williamson, writing under the pseudonym Will Stewart.	Seetee Ship	Jack Williamson
author	The Waltz Invention is a tragicomedy in three acts written by Vladimir Nabokov in Russian as Izobretenie Val'sa in 1938.	The Waltz Invention	Vladimir Nabokov
author	The Cure for Death by Lightning is the debut novel from Canadian author Gail Anderson-Dargatz.	The Cure for Death by Lightning	Gail Anderson-Dargatz
author	Laura Warholic; or, The Sexual Intellectual is a 2007 novel by Alexander Theroux.	Laura Warholic	Alexander Theroux
author	Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb is a 1965 science fiction novel by Philip K. Dick.	Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb	Philip K. Dick
author	The Clouds (Ancient Greek: Νεφέλαι Nephelai) is a Greek comedy play written by the celebrated playwright Aristophanes.	The Clouds	Aristophanes
author	Published in 1976, The Story of the Weasel is author Carolyn Slaughter's debut novel.	The Story of the Weasel	Carolyn Slaughter
author	The National Football Lottery is a book written by Larry Merchant, who is a sportswriter.	The National Football Lottery	Larry Merchant
author	Liv till varje pris (lit. Life to Every Price) is a 2014 novel by Swedish author Kristina Sandberg.	Liv till varje pris	Kristina Sandberg
author	Ice Station is Australian thriller writer Matthew Reilly's second novel, released in 1998.	Ice Station	Matthew Reilly
author	Our Kind of Traitor is a novel published in 2010 by the British novelist John le Carré about a Russian money launderer seeking to defect to the UK after a close friend of his had been killed by the new leadership of his own criminal brotherhood.	Our Kind of Traitor	John le Carré
author	The War of Anti-Christ with the Church and Christian Civilization is a book written in 1885 by an Irishman, Msgr George F. Dillon, DD.	War of Anti-Christ with the Church and Christian Civilization	George F. Dillon
author	Being Dead is a novel by the English writer Jim Crace, published in 1999.	Being Dead	Jim Crace
author	Lolly Willowes; or The Loving Huntsman is a novel by Sylvia Townsend Warner, her first, published in 1926.	Lolly Willowes	Sylvia Townsend Warner
author	``The Story of an Hour'' is a short story written by Kate Chopin on April 19, 1894, and originally published in Vogue on December 6, 1894 as ``The Dream of an Hour''.	The Story of an Hour	Kate Chopin
author	The Polish Officer (1995) is a novel by Alan Furst.	The Polish Officer	Alan Furst
author	``Just Before the War with the Eskimos'' is a short story by J. D. Salinger, originally published in the June 5, 1948 issue of The New Yorker.	Just Before the War with the Eskimos	J. D. Salinger
author	The Witch-Cult in Western Europe is a 1921 anthropological book by Margaret Murray, published at the height of success of the The Golden Bough by anthropologist James George Frazer.	The Witch-Cult in Western Europe	Margaret Murray
author	``The Reploids'' is an uncollected short story by Stephen King.	The Reploids	Stephen King
author	Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices is a book in structure theory of crystal lattices, written collaboratively by Max Born and Kun Huang.	Dynamical Theory of Crystal Lattices	Max Born
author	Give Me Back My Legions! is a 2009 historical novel by Harry Turtledove.	Give Me Back My Legions!	Harry Turtledove
author	Whizzard! is a 2002 fantasy novel written by Steve Barlow and Steve Skidmore, (known as The Two Steves) as the second part of the Tales of the Dark Forest series.	Whizzard!	The Two Steves
author	``Oh, How I Miss You Tonight'' is a popular song, published in 1925, written by Benny Davis, Joe Burke, and Mark Fisher.	Oh, How I Miss You Tonight	Benny Davis	Joe Burke	Mark Fisher
author	Sironia, Texas is a novel by American author Madison Cooper that describes life in the fictional town of Sironia, Texas, in the early 20th century.	Sironia, Texas	Madison Cooper
author	The Last Burden is a novel by Upamanyu Chatterjee that portrays life in an Indian middle-class family.	The Last Burden	Upamanyu Chatterjee
award received	Mitch Owens has received the Polar Medal for his service in the Northwest Passage and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Long Service Medal for his 21 years service with the RCMP.	Mitch Owens	Polar Medal
award received	James Leroy Bondsteel (July 18, 1947 -- April 9, 1987) was a United States Army soldier who served during the Vietnam War, where he earned the Medal of Honor.	James Leroy Bondsteel	Medal of Honor
cast member	Evil Town was the last film with the actor Dean Jagger.	Evil Town	Dean Jagger
cast member	Educating Niní (Spanish:Hay que educar a Niní) is a 1940 Argentine comedy film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Niní Marshall, Francisco Álvarez and Pablo Palitos.	Educating Niní	Niní Marshall	Francisco Álvarez	Pablo Palitos
child	Bolo (1613-52), Abatai's third son.	Abatai	Bolo
child	Elena Frías de Chávez (born 1935) is the mother of late Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez, Aníbal José Chávez Frías and Adán Chávez.	Elena Frías de Chávez	Hugo Chávez
conflict	Master Sergeant Juan E. Negrón (September 26, 1929 -- March 29, 1996) was a member of the United States Army who served in the 65th Infantry Regiment during the Korean War.	Juan E. Negrón	Korean War
conflict	Horst Hofmann (18 January 1919 in Cranzahl, Erzgebirge -- 14 June 1978 in Lübeck) was a watch officer and coxswain on a Kriegsmarine U-boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Horst Hofmann	World War II
continent	Wennersgaard Point (63°51′S 59°54′W) is a point forming both the east side of the entrance to Lanchester Bay and the southwest side of the entrance to Jordanoff Bay on Davis Coast, the west coast of Graham Land in Antarctica.	Wennersgaard Point	Antarctica
continent	Marcoux Nunatak (69°55′S 159°4′E) is a nunatak 1,530 metres (5,020 ft) high, about midway between the Schmidt Nunataks and Poorman Peak in the Wilson Hills of Antarctica.	Marcoux Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Sevier Nunatak (71°22′S 70°15′W) is a nunatak lying southeast of Richter Peaks, rising to about 1,000 m at the south end of the Walton Mountains, situated in the central portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Sevier Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Kamelen Island is an island about 45 metres (150 ft) high, lying 6 kilometres (3 nmi) southwest of the Einstøding Islands in the northern part of the Stanton Group, Antarctica.	Kamelen Island	Antarctica
continent	Cape Yevgenov (69°0′S 156°36′E) is an ice-covered cape midway along the northeast side of Krylov Peninsula, forming the west entrance to Lauritzen Bay, Antarctica.	Cape Yevgenov	Antarctica
continent	Maurstad Point (65°39′S 66°5′W) is a point lying 6.5 nautical miles (12 km) north-northeast of Speerschneider Point, midway along the west side of Renaud Island in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica.	Maurstad Point	Antarctica
continent	Priscu Valley (77°29′S 160°47′E) is an upland ice-free valley on the east side of Prentice Plateau in Antarctica's Olympus Range.	Priscu Valley	Antarctica
continent	Kent Gap (83°17′S 50°30′W) is an ice-filled gap connecting the heads of May Valley and Chambers Glacier and marking the divide between Lexington Table and Saratoga Table, in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Kent Gap	Antarctica
continent	Rossa Point (65°57′S 65°14′W) is a point 2 nautical miles (3.7 km) northeast of Ferin Head on Velingrad Peninsula, the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Rossa Point	Antarctica
continent	Meade Islands is a group of two large islands, Zverino Island and Cave Island, the minor Pisanitsa Island, and several rocks lying in the north entrance to McFarlane Strait, off Archar Peninsula, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Meade Islands	Antarctica
continent	Cairns Glacier (78°34′S 86°00′W) is a glacier on the west slope of Vinson Massif, Sentinel Range in Antarctica, situated between Branscomb Glacier and Tulaczyk Glacier.	Cairns Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Kappen Cliffs (76°56′S 162°22′E) are steep rock cliffs that form the south edge of Kar Plateau on Scott Coast, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Kappen Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Slovakia (i/sloʊˈvækiə, slə-, -ˈvɑː-/; Slovak: Slovensko (ˈsloʋensko)), officially the Slovak Republic (Slovak: Slovenská republika, listen ), is a country in Central Europe.	Slovakia	Europe
continent	Mount Kibal'chich (71°56′S 14°19′E) is the highest peak, 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) high, of the Kvaevenutane Peaks, in the Payer Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mount Kibal'chich	Antarctica
continent	Mount Genecand (66°6′S 64°39′W) is a mountain at the head of Barilari Bay between Lawrie Glacier and Weir Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Mount Genecand	Antarctica
continent	Kooperatsiya Ice Piedmont (70°15′S 160°25′E) is an ice piedmont at the southwestern side of Yermak Point on the west shore of Rennick Bay, Antarctica.	Kooperatsiya Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	The Mjøllkvaevane Cirques (71°53′S 14°27′E) are a series of small snow-filled cirques that indent the east side of Kvaevefjellet Mountain in the Payer Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Mjøllkvaevane Cirques	Antarctica
continent	Yagodina Knoll (Bulgarian: Ягодинска могила, ``Yagodinska Mogila'' \'ya-go-din-ska mo-'gi-la\) is the ice-covered hill rising to 530 m at the northeast extremity of Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Yagodina Knoll	Antarctica
continent	Belogradchik Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Белоградчик, ``Lednik Belogradchik'' \'led-nik be-lo-grad-'chik\) is the 14 km long and 5.6 km wide glacier in southern Aristotle Mountains on Oscar II Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica situated south of Jeroboam Glacier and west of Ambergris Glacier.	Belogradchik Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fimbulheimen is a mountain range in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Fimbulheimen	Antarctica
continent	Fricker Glacier (67°3′S 65°0′W) is a glacier, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long, which lies close north of Monnier Point and flows in a northeasterly direction into the southwest side of Mill Inlet, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Fricker Glacier	Antarctica
continent	The Heritage Range is a major mountain range, 160 km (99 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) wide, situated southward of Minnesota Glacier and forming the southern half of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.	Heritage Range	Antarctica
continent	Graham Passage (64°24′S 61°31′W) is a passage separating Murray Island from Pefaur (Ventimiglia) Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Graham Passage	Antarctica
continent	Gerard Bluffs (83°37′S 157°15′E) are prominent ice-free bluffs marking the southern extremity of the Miller Range, Antarctica.	Gerard Bluffs	Antarctica
continent	Skoparnik Bluff (Bulgarian: връх Скопарник, ``Vrah Skoparnik'' \'vr&h sko-'par-nik\) is the partly ice-free bluff rising to over 700 m in the northeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Skoparnik Bluff	Antarctica
continent	The King Cliffs (72°18′S 96°7′W) are ice-covered cliffs, with numerous rock exposures, forming the south side of the larger north arm of Morgan Inlet, on Thurston Island, Antarctica.	King Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Zlatograd Rock (Zlatogradski Kamak \zla-to-'grad-ski 'ka-m&k\) is a rocky 240 m peak forming the eastern extremity of Bowles Ridge, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Zlatograd Rock	Antarctica
continent	Panther Cliff (66°23′S 65°36′W) is a conspicuous cliff on the southwest side of Stresher Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Panther Cliff	Antarctica
continent	Helis Nunatak (Nunatak Helis \'nu-na-tak 'he-lis\) is a crown-shaped rocky peak of elevation 340 m in Vidin Heights on Varna Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Western Antarctica.	Helis Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	King Haakon VII Sea (Norwegian: Kong Haakon VII Hav) is a proposed name for part of the Southern Ocean on the coast of East Antarctica.	King Haakon VII Sea	Antarctica
continent	Bolgar Buttress (Bulgarian: рид Болгар, ``Rid Bolgar'' \'rid 'bol-gar\) is the ice-covered buttress rising to 1500 m on the southeast side of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated between the upper courses of Pyke and Albone Glaciers.	Bolgar Buttress	Antarctica
continent	Milles Nunatak (70°55′S 160°6′E) is a nunatak lying 3 nautical miles (6 km) northeast of Howell Peak on the north end of the Daniels Range, in the Usarp Mountains of Victoria Land in West Antarctica.	Milles Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The La Gorce Mountains (86°45′S 146°0′W) are a group of mountains, spanning 20 nautical miles (37 km), standing between the tributary Robison Glacier and Klein Glacier at the east side of the upper reaches of the Scott Glacier, in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	La Gorce Mountains	Antarctica
continent	McKellar Glacier is a tributary glacier flowing south along the east side of Evans Ridge into Pearl Harbor Glacier in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	McKellar Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Sozopol Gap (Sozopolska Sedlovina \so-'zo-pol-ska se-dlo-vi-'na\) is a partly ice-covered, 500 m long saddle in Delchev Ridge, Tangra Mountains, eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica bounded to the southwest by Petko Voyvoda Peak and to the northeast by Kaloyan Nunatak.	Sozopol Gap	Antarctica
continent	The Asgard Range (77°37′S 161°30′E) is a mountain range in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Asgard Range	Antarctica
continent	Mata Taua Peak (78°7′S 161°57′E) is a prominent peak, 3,013 metres (9,885 ft) high, on the ridge separating the mouth of Marchant Glacier and Ferrigno Glacier in the Royal Society Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mata Taua Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Fazekas Hills (83°8′S 163°10′E) are rugged, ice-free hills trending in a north-south direction for 9 nautical miles (17 km) just east of Mount Oona on the east side of Lowery Glacier, in the Queen Elizabeth Range, Antarctica.	Fazekas Hills	Antarctica
continent	Flogeken Glacier (72°4′S 4°25′E) is a deeply entrenched glacier, flowing northwest between Mount Grytoyr and Langfloget Cliff, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Flogeken Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Sleipnir Glacier (66°29′S 63°59′W) is a glacier 10 nautical miles (18 km) long, flowing into the west side of Cabinet Inlet between Balder and Spur Points, on the east coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Sleipnir Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Armenia is a member of the Eurasian Economic Union, the Council of Europe and the Collective Security Treaty Organization.	Armenia	Europe
continent	Mount Hummer is a snow-covered, bluff-type mountain on the southwest side of the head of Chambers Glacier, northeast Saratoga Table, in the Forrestal Range of the Pensacola Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Hummer	Antarctica
continent	McGrady Cove (66°16′S 110°34′E) is a cove at the head of Newcomb Bay in the Windmill Islands of Antarctica.	McGrady Cove	Antarctica
continent	The Llanquihue Islands (65°53′S 65°6′W) are a group of islands to the east of Larrouy Island, extending northward for 9 nautical miles (17 km) from the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Llanquihue Islands	Antarctica
continent	Vrabcha Cove (Bulgarian: залив Врабча, ``Zaliv Vrabcha'' \'za-liv 'vrab-cha\) is the 900 m wide cove indenting for 1 km the west coast of Heywood Island off the northwest coast of Robert Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Vrabcha Cove	Antarctica
continent	Mount Craddock is a large, bold mountain forming the south extremity of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range, the highest mountain in Antarctica.	Mount Craddock	Antarctica
continent	Hill Nunatak (84°0′S 54°45′W) is a prominent nunatak rising above the ice at the southeast end of the Neptune Range in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica, 8 nautical miles (15 km) east-northeast of Gambacorta Peak.	Hill Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Fram Mesa (86°8′S 156°28′W) is a high, ice-capped mesa, 10 nautical miles (19 km) long and 1 to 3 nautical miles (2 to 6 km) wide, that forms the northeastern portion of Nilsen Plateau in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica.	Fram Mesa	Antarctica
continent	Bezmer Point (Nos Bezmer \'nos bez-'mer\) is on the northwest coast of the Varna Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Bezmer Point	Antarctica
continent	Malysh Mountain is a small mountain, 2,640 metres (8,660 ft) high, standing southwest of Skeidshovden Mountain in the Wohlthat Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Malysh Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Ford Ice Piedmont (82°10′S 50°0′W) is the large ice piedmont lying northward of Dufek Massif and the Forrestal Range between the lower ends of Foundation Ice Stream and Support Force Glacier, in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	Ford Ice Piedmont	Antarctica
continent	Mount Rivett (67°50′S 66°14′E) is a bare rock mountain, the northeasternmost feature of the Gustav Bull Mountains in Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Mount Rivett	Antarctica
continent	Metaris Valley (80°5′S 156°17′E) is a small, rounded cirque valley with steep sides and residual névé, lying west of Derrick Peak in the Britannia Range in Antarctica.	Metaris Valley	Antarctica
continent	Halfthree Point is a point forming the south-eastern end of Fildes Peninsula, King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands of Antarctica.	Halfthree Point	Antarctica
continent	The Outcast Islands are two small islands, nearly 0.8 km (0.5 mi) apart, and a number of surrounding rocks lying 3.2 km (2 mi) southwest of Bonaparte Point, off the southwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica.	Outcast Islands	Antarctica
continent	Belemnite Point (70°40′S 68°32′W) is the eastern extremity of a mainly ice-free, hook-shaped ridge, midway between Lamina Peak and Ablation Point and 2 nautical miles (4 km) inland from George VI Sound on the east coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Belemnite Point	Antarctica
continent	Koshava Island (Bulgarian: остров Кошава, ``Ostrov Koshava'' \'os-trov ko-'sha-va\) is the easternmost island in the Zed group off Varna Peninsula, northeastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Koshava Island	Antarctica
continent	Founded in 1961, Netaji Subhas National Institute of Sports (NIS) is Asia's largest sports institute in princely city of Patiala.	Patiala	Asia
continent	Klung Island is the largest island of the Klung Islands lying in Holme Bay, Mac. Robertson Land, Antarctica.	Klung Island	Antarctica
continent	Shipka Valley (Shipchenska Dolina \'ship-chen-ska do-li-'na\) valley extending 2.4 km and 700 m wide in Tangra Mountains, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Shipka Valley	Antarctica
continent	Liard Island is a mountainous island, 24 kilometres (13 nmi) long, 11 kilometres (6 nmi) wide and rising to 1,000 metres (3,300 ft), situated in the north-central portion of Hanusse Bay, off the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Liard Island	Antarctica
continent	The Liljequist Heights (72°6′S 2°48′W) are the heights about 2 nautical miles (4 km) south of the Grunehogna Peaks, in the Ahlmann Ridge of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Liljequist Heights	Antarctica
continent	McLaughlin Peak (74°35′S 64°18′W) is a peak standing 9 nautical miles (17 km) east-southeast of Mount Aaron in the northern part of the Latady Mountains, in Palmer Land, Antarctica.	McLaughlin Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mefjell Glacier (71°58′S 25°0′E) is a glacier, 5 nautical miles (9 km) long, flowing northwest into Gjel Glacier between Menipa Peak and Mefjell Mountain in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Mefjell Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Latvia (i/ˈlætviə/; Latvian: Latvija (ˈlatvija)), officially the Republic of Latvia (Latvian: Latvijas Republika), is a country in the Baltic region of Northern Europe, one of the three Baltic states.	Latvia	Europe
continent	The Koci Cliffs (78°4′S 161°36′E) are arcuate cliffs, 2,424 metres (7,953 ft) high, standing 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Colwell Massif in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Koci Cliffs	Antarctica
continent	Hunt Glacier (76°52′S 162°25′E) is a small, deeply entrenched glacier on the east coast of Victoria Land, Antarctica, entering Granite Harbour north of Dreikanter Head.	Hunt Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Minnesota Glacier is a broad glacier, about 40 nautical miles (70 km) long and 5 nautical miles (9 km) wide, flowing east through the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica, separating the Sentinel Range and the Heritage Range.	Minnesota Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Mount Gjertsen (86°40′S 148°27′W) is a mountain, 2,420 metres (7,940 ft) high, standing 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of Mount Grier in the La Gorce Mountains, Queen Maud Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Gjertsen	Antarctica
continent	Cape Sheffield is a cape forming the northwest extremity of Rugged Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Cape Sheffield	Antarctica
continent	Fauré Inlet (72°37′S 70°48′W) is an ice-filled inlet on the south side of the Monteverdi Peninsula and is also the only inlet on the Monteverdi Peninsula, in the south portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Fauré Inlet	Antarctica
continent	Utus Peak (Bulgarian: връх Утус, ``Vrah Utus'' \'vr&h 'u-tus\) is the rocky peak rising to 1217 m in Trakiya Heights on Trinity Peninsula in Graham Land, Antarctica.	Utus Peak	Antarctica
continent	The Lyttelton Range (71°33′S 167°45′E) is a narrow northwest-trending mountain range located south of Dunedin Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Antarctica.	Lyttelton Range	Antarctica
continent	Flight Deck Névé (76°47′S 161°30′E) is an elevated and unusually flat glacier névé, about 5 by 3 nautical miles (9 by 6 km), between Flagship Mountain and Mount Razorback in the Convoy Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Flight Deck Névé	Antarctica
continent	Grigorov Glacier (Bulgarian: Григоров ледник, ``Grigorov Lednik'' \gri-'go-rov 'led-nik\) is the 1.8 km long and 1.3 km wide glacier on the south side of Stavertsi Ridge on Albena Peninsula, Brabant Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Grigorov Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Ludeman Glacier (84°27′S 172°40′E) is a valley glacier, 13 nautical miles (24 km) long, flowing north through the Commonwealth Range, Antarctica, to enter the east side of Beardmore Glacier at a point 12 nautical miles (22 km) north of Mount Donaldson.	Ludeman Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Krogmann Point (65°8′S 64°8′W) is the point forming the western extremity of Hovgaard Island, in the Wilhelm Archipelago, Antarctica.	Krogmann Point	Antarctica
continent	Tervel Peak (Vrah Tervel \'vr&h 'ter-vel\) is a triple peak rising to 810 m in Friesland Ridge, Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica overlooking Peshtera Glacier and Zagore Beach to the northwest, and Charity Glacier to the southwest.	Tervel Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Jamroga (71°20′S 163°6′E) is a mountain, 2,265 metres (7,430 ft) high, located 8 nautical miles (15 km) east of Mount Gow in the rugged heights between Carryer Glacier and Sledgers Glacier, in the Bowers Mountains of Antarctica.	Mount Jamroga	Antarctica
continent	Moser Glacier (64°51′S 62°22′W) is a glacier flowing into Andvord Bay just southeast of Arago Glacier, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Moser Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Coal Nunatak (72°7′S 68°32′W) is a flat-topped rock mass with steep cliffs facing south, standing 2 nautical miles (4 km) southwest of Corner Cliffs on the southeast coast of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Coal Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	The Magnier Peaks (65°40′S 64°18′W) are two mountain peaks, the higher at 1,345 metres (4,410 ft), surmounting the peninsula between Leroux Bay and Bigo Bay on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Magnier Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Sulphide Pass (78°12′S 162°45′E) is a pass in Antarctica; pyritized shale is exposed in the pass and the rock gives off a sulphurous smell when hit by a hammer.	Sulphide Pass	Antarctica
continent	Jøkulhest Dome (71°52′S 6°42′E) is the high icecapped summit of Jokulkyrkja Mountain, in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica.	Jøkulhest Dome	Antarctica
continent	The Jacques Peaks (64°31′S 61°51′W) are a set of peaks rising to 385 metres (1,260 ft) at the northwest end of Reclus Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Jacques Peaks	Antarctica
continent	Island Arena (79°49′S 156°35′E) is a broad valley occupied by a lateral lobe of the Darwin Glacier, Antarctica, indenting the north side of the Darwin Mountains between Colosseum Ridge and Kennett Ridge.	Island Arena	Antarctica
continent	Lester Cove (64°54′S 62°36′W) is a cove forming the southernmost part of Andvord Bay, on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Lester Cove	Antarctica
continent	Hunt Spur (85°59′S 146°50′W) is a rugged spur descending from Mount Warden along the northwest face of Watson Escarpment in Antarctica.	Hunt Spur	Antarctica
continent	Moraine Bluff (78°46′S 162°12′E) is a bluff in Antarctica, 930 metres (3,050 ft) high, on the east side of Skelton Glacier, lying north of Red Dike Bluff.	Moraine Bluff	Antarctica
continent	Jeffries Glacier (79°2′S 28°12′W) is a glacier between Lenton Bluff and the Maro Cliffs, flowing northwest for at least 8 nautical miles (15 km) through the Theron Mountains of Antarctica.	Jeffries Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Founded in 1856, Associação Naval de Lisboa is the oldest sport club of Portugal and one of the 30 oldest yacht clubs in Europe.	Associação Naval de Lisboa	Europe
continent	The Forrestal Range (83°00′S 049°30′W) is a largely snow-covered mountain range, about 105 km (65 mi) long, standing east of Dufek Massif and the Neptune Range in the Pensacola Mountains of Antarctica.	Forrestal Range	Antarctica
continent	The Hatch Islands are a small island group off the Budd Coast of Wilkes Land in Australian Antarctica.	Hatch Islands	Antarctica
continent	Pastra Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Пастра, ``Lednik Pastra'' \'led-nik 'pa-stra\) is a 4.8 km long and 2 km wide glacier in the central part of Trinity Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica.	Pastra Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Varadero Point is a point projecting 620 m into Barclay Bay from Robbery Beaches on Byers Peninsula, Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica and forming the west side of the entrance to Baba Tonka Cove.	Varadero Point	Antarctica
continent	Bottrill Head (67°42′S 66°57′W) is a rugged headland on the east side of Bourgeois Fjord which forms the southwest extremity of German Peninsula and the north side of the entrance to Dogs Leg Fjord in Fallières Coast, on the west side of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Bottrill Head	Antarctica
continent	Metavolcanic Mountain (86°13′S 126°15′W) is a large flat-topped mountain rising to 2,480 metres (8,140 ft) some 5 nautical miles (9 km) north of the Hatcher Bluffs on the east side of Reedy Glacier, Antarctica.	Metavolcanic Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Gurkha Peak (77°39′31``S 163°15′45''E) is a peak rising to about 900 metres (3,000 ft) between Crescent Glacier and Von Guerard Glacier on the north slope of the Kukri Hills, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Gurkha Peak	Antarctica
continent	Mount Calais (69°11′S 70°15′W) is a massive mountain, 2,345 metres (7,700 ft) high, at the northwest side of Schokalsky Bay in the northeast part of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Mount Calais	Antarctica
continent	Pesyakov Hill (Bulgarian: Песяков хълм, ``Pesyakov Halm'' \pe-sya-'kov 'h&lm\) is the ice-free hill rising to 36 m next south-southwest of the 1988 buildings of St. Kliment Ohridski Base on Bulgarian Beach, Hurd Peninsula on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Pesyakov Hill	Antarctica
continent	Siple Dome (81°40′S 148°50′W) is an ice dome approximately 100 km wide and 100 km long, located 130 km east of Siple Coast in Antarctica.	Siple Dome	Antarctica
continent	Mefjell Mountain is a large mountain rising to 3,080 metres (10,100 ft), standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) west of Mount Bergersen in the Sør Rondane Mountains of Antarctica.	Mefjell Mountain	Antarctica
continent	Mount Loweth (73°27′S 93°33′W) is a snow-topped mountain, 1,420 metres (4,660 ft) high, with a steep rock cliff on the north side, located 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-northeast of Anderson Dome in the eastern end of the Jones Mountains, Antarctica.	Mount Loweth	Antarctica
continent	Jireček Point (Bulgarian: нос Иречек, ``Nos Jireček'' \'nos 'i-re-chek\) is the point on the northwest coast of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica forming the south side of the entrance to Cabut Cove and the northeast side of the entrance to Bourchier Cove.	Jireček Point	Antarctica
continent	Mount Lockwood is a projecting-type mountain 5 nautical miles (9 km) south of Mount Bell, forming a part of the east face of Grindley Plateau in the Queen Alexandra Range, Antarctica.	Mount Lockwood	Antarctica
continent	Fram Peak (68°4′S 58°27′E) is the northernmost peak in the Hansen Mountains of Antarctica.	Fram Peak	Antarctica
continent	Krylov Peninsula is an ice-covered peninsula west of Lauritzen Bay on Oates Coast, Antarctica.	Krylov Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Mafadi (Afrikaans: Mafadipiek) is a peak on the border of South Africa and Lesotho.	Mafadi	Africa
continent	Correa Point is a point projecting 350 m into the south part of Discovery Bay from Parvomay Neck, Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with an adjacent ice-free area of 17 hectares (42 acres).	Correa Point	Antarctica
continent	Leith Cove (64°52′S 62°50′W) is a cove in the northeast part of Paradise Harbor, along the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Leith Cove	Antarctica
continent	Moore Ridge (73°7′S 161°45′E) is the northernmost ridge of the Caudal Hills in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Moore Ridge	Antarctica
continent	Johansen Peak (86°43′S 148°11′W) is a prominent peak, 3,310 metres (10,860 ft) high, standing 3 nautical miles (6 km) east-southeast of Mount Grier in the La Gorce Mountains of the Queen Maud Mountains in Antarctica.	Johansen Peak	Antarctica
continent	MacDonald Spur (76°47′S 159°33′E) is a long, low ridge extending eastward from Ballance Peak in the Allan Hills of Oates Land in Antarctica.	MacDonald Spur	Antarctica
continent	Lurabee Glacier (69°15′S 63°37′W) is a glacier 27 nautical miles (50 km) long, flowing northeast between the Scripps Heights and Finley Heights to the east coast of Palmer Land, Antarctica.	Lurabee Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Angus Nunatak (85°22′S 124°14′W) is the northern of two nunataks which lie close north of Mount Brecher in the Wisconsin Range of the Horlick Mountains in Antarctica.	Angus Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Gallen Nunatak (75°48′S 128°36′W) is a nunatak on the south side of Balchunas Pass, 1.5 nautical miles (3 km) northwest of Putzke Peak, in the McCuddin Mountains of Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Gallen Nunatak	Antarctica
continent	Moulton Escarpment is a rock and ice escarpment, 8 nautical miles (15 km) long, in a semi-isolated position about 10 nautical miles (19 km) west of Ford Massif where it forms the western shoulder of the Thiel Mountains in Antarctica.	Moulton Escarpment	Antarctica
continent	Gilliamsen Peak (71°51′S 70°20′W) is a peak (about 650 m) marking the southeast extremity of the Staccato Peaks in the south portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica.	Gilliamsen Peak	Antarctica
continent	Moore Peak (77°31′S 168°27′E) is a peak rising to about 2,500 metres (8,200 ft) on the west slope of Mount Terror, Ross Island, Antarctica.	Moore Peak	Antarctica
continent	Duff Point (62°27′S 60°2′W) is a point on Archar Peninsula forming the western extremity of Greenwich Island, in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica.	Duff Point	Antarctica
continent	Hugershoff Cove (64°38′S 62°23′W) is a cove lying less than 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Louise Island and Emma Island, and 2 nautical miles (4 km) northwest of Beaupré Cove in Wilhelmina Bay, along the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Hugershoff Cove	Antarctica
continent	Mackenzie Peninsula (60°45′S 44°48′W) is a steep, rocky peninsula forming the western end of Laurie Island, in the South Orkney Islands, Antarctica.	Mackenzie Peninsula	Antarctica
continent	Kaino-hama Beach (69°1′S 39°34′E) is a small beach lying 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) south of Kitami Beach, on the south side of East Ongul Island, Antarctica.	Kaino-hama Beach	Antarctica
continent	The Larsemann Hills are a series of low rounded coastal hills along the southeastern shore of Prydz Bay, Antarctica extending for 9 nautical miles (17 km) from Dålk Glacier.	Larsemann Hills	Antarctica
continent	Montgolfier Glacier (64°47′S 62°15′W) is a glacier situated between Rozier Glacier and Woodbury Glacier and flowing between Balis Ridge and Bacho Kiro Peak into Piccard Cove on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica.	Montgolfier Glacier	Antarctica
continent	Fritsen Valley (77°28′S 161°25′E) is an upland valley to the north of the Mount Hercules summit area and west of Harris Ledge in the Olympus Range, McMurdo Dry Valleys, Antarctica.	Fritsen Valley	Antarctica
continent	Mount Apolotok (72°15′S 164°29′E) is a high, prominent red granite peak, 2,555 m, in the Salamander Range, Freyberg Mountains in Victoria Land, Antarctica.	Mount Apolotok	Antarctica
continent	Heaps Rock (76°0′S 132°46′W) is a rock exposure above Bursey Icefalls and 2 nautical miles (4 km) west-northwest of Hutt Peak on the Mount Bursey massif, in Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica.	Heaps Rock	Antarctica
continent	Mount Hurley (66°17′S 51°21′E) is a snow-covered massif with steep bare slopes on the west side, standing 7 nautical miles (13 km) south of Cape Ann and 3 nautical miles (6 km) south of Mount Biscoe, Antarctica.	Mount Hurley	Antarctica
continent	Hamburg Bay (64°30′S 63°57′W) is a bay indenting the northwest coast of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago, Antarctica immediately south of Bonnier Point, Obitel Peninsula.	Hamburg Bay	Antarctica
continent	Sikorsky Glacier (64°12′S 60°53′W) is a glacier on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica draining northwestwards into Hughes Bay both north and south of Sladun Peninsula, branching to enter Cierva Cove and Duarte Cove respectively.	Sikorsky Glacier	Antarctica
country	Guénin (Breton: Gwennin) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Guénin	France
country	VVV-Venlo (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌveːveːˈveː ˈvɛnloː), VVV stands for Venlose Voetbal Vereniging (ˈvɛnloːzə ˈvudbɑl vəˈreːnəɣɪŋ)) is a football club from Venlo in the Netherlands, currently playing in the Eerste Divisie.	VVV-Venlo	Netherlands
country	Mount Adelung (Russian: Гора Аделунга) is the highest peak in Pskem Range (Russian: Пскемский хребет) in the extreme north-east of the Tashkent Province, Uzbekistan.	Mount Adelung	Uzbekistan
country	Østerlars Church, built around 1160, is one of Denmark's oldest Romanesque churches.	Østerlars	Denmark
country	Mamou is a city and sub-prefecture in a valley of the Fouta Djallon area of Guinea.	Mamou	Guinea
country	Clamart (French pronunciation: ​(kla.maʁ)) is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Clamart	France
country	Radana Vas (Slovene: Radana vas) is a settlement on the Dravinja River southeast of Zreče in northeastern Slovenia.	Radana Vas	Slovenia
country	Nosy-Poniatki (ˈnɔsɨ pɔˈɲatki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nosy-Poniatki	Poland
country	Vrh pri Pahi (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈpaːxi)) is a small settlement in the hills north of Otočec in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Vrh pri Pahi	Slovenia
country	Remte parish (Latvian: Remtes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Brocēni Municipality, Latvia.	Remte parish	Latvia
country	Bukovača (Cyrillic: Буковача) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bukovača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hoseynabad-e Kamarzard (Persian: حسين آباد كمرزرد‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kamarzard; also known as Ḩoseynābād, and Ḩoseynābād-e Zard Kamar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Kamarzard	Iran
country	The Guadalquivir (Spanish pronunciation: (ɡwaðalkiˈβir)) is the fifth longest river in the Iberian peninsula and the second longest river with its entire length in Spain.	Guadalquivir	Spain
country	Gedera, or Gdera (Hebrew: גְּדֵרָה) is a town in the Center District of Israel founded in 1884.	Gedera	Israel
country	Lake Matiri is a lake adjoining Kahurangi National Park, in the northwest corner of New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Matiri	New Zealand
country	Kleiner Hafner is one of the 111 serial sites of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Prehistoric pile dwellings around the Alps, of which are 56 located in Switzerland.	Kleiner Hafner	Switzerland
country	Kitseküla (Estonian for ``Goat's Village'') is a subdistrict (asum) of the district of Kesklinn (Midtown) in Tallinn, the capital of Estonia.	Kitseküla	Estonia
country	Telok Gong is a small village in Malacca state, Malaysia.	Telok Gong	Malaysia
country	Gacheh (Persian: گچه‎) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Gacheh	Iran
country	Muqu Wasi (Quechua muqu hill, wasi house, ``hill house'', hispanicized spelling Mojo Huasi) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,000 metres (13,123 ft) high.	Muqu Wasi	Peru
country	Walldorf is a town in the Rhein-Neckar-Kreis district in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Walldorf	Germany
country	Trotkova (pronounced (ˈtɾoːtkɔʋa)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Benedikt in northeastern Slovenia.	Trotkova	Slovenia
country	The British School at Rome, which is based in Rome, Italy, is a leading humanities and fine arts research institution of the United Kingdom.	British School at Rome	Italy
country	Khur-e Mollu (Persian: خورملو‎, also Romanized as Khūr-e Mollū) is a village in Moghuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khur-e Mollu	Iran
country	Kuda Caves are located in the small village of Kuda, on the eastern side of the north shore of Murud-Janjira in south Konkan, India.	Kuda Caves	India
country	Fuerte Island (Isla Fuerte) is a small coral island in the Caribbean Sea off the northern coast of Colombia, Córdoba department, located south of the Gulf of Morrosquillo.	Fuerte Island	Colombia
country	The Cologne Conference is an international Film and Television Festival that takes place annually in Cologne, Germany.	Cologne Conference	Germany
country	Queensland Poetry Festival ( or QPF) is one of Australia's premier organisations for all things poetry and spoken word.	Queensland Poetry Festival	Australia
country	Mpozo is a town in tha Bas-Congo province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo near the border with Angola.	Mpozo	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Amirabad-e Sisakht (Persian: اميرابادسي سخت‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād-e Sīsakht; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Amirabad-e Sisakht	Iran
country	Iyengra (Russian: Иенгра) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Iyengrinsky Rural Okrug of Neryungrinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located on the Iyengra River, 65 kilometers (40 mi) from Neryungri, the administrative center of the district.	Iyengra	Russia
country	Tynagh (Irish: Tíne) is a village and parish in south-east County Galway in Ireland.	Tynagh	Ireland
country	The Via Anelli Wall was a three-metre-high wall built of steel, with a length of eighty four metres, which encircled the Via Anelli quarter of Padua, northern Italy.	Via Anelli Wall	Italy
country	Guevenatten (German: Gevenatten) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	Guevenatten	France
country	Cyangugu (formerly Shangugu) is a city and capital of the Ruzizi District in Western Province, Rwanda.	Cyangugu	Rwanda
country	Dahaneh-ye Akhlamad (Persian: دهنه اخلمد‎, also known as Akhlamad, Akhtamand, Dahanehé Akhlemad, and Dahaneh-ye Akhlūmad) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dahaneh-ye Akhlamad	Iran
country	Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc. or simply Couche-Tard (``night owl'') is one of the largest company-owned convenience store operators in the world with more than 16,000 stores across Canada, the United States, Europe, Mexico, Japan, China, and Indonesia.	Alimentation Couche-Tard	Canada
country	Dalein (or Dalen) is a town and sub-prefecture in the Labé Prefecture in the Labé Region of northern-central Guinea.	Dalein	Guinea
country	Vadakkemanna is a place situated in Malappuram district of Kerala, India.	Vadakkemanna	India
country	Murdunna is a small town in south-east Tasmania, Australia at the head of King George Sound, a narrow bay opening off Norfolk Bay.	Murdunna	Australia
country	The Kawarau River drains Lake Wakatipu, in northwestern Otago, New Zealand.	Kawarau River	New Zealand
country	Geumgoksa or Geumgok Temple (금곡사) is a Buddhist temple in Gangjin county, South Jeolla province, South Korea.	Geumgoksa	South Korea
country	The Parque das Aves (English: Bird Park) is a privately owned zoo situated in Foz do Iguaçu, Paraná State, Brazil, and it is near to Iguaçu Falls.	Parque das Aves	Brazil
country	Poria Illit (Hebrew: פּוֹרִיָּה עִלִּית, lit. Upper Poria) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Poria Illit	Israel
country	Tata Beach is a beach and small coastal settlement of predominantly holiday houses in the South Island, New Zealand.	Tata Beach	New Zealand
country	The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (French: Banque Canadienne Impériale de Commerce), commonly CIBC, is Canada's fifth largest bank and one of the Big Five banks.	Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce	Canada
country	Dalechowice (dalɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Dalechowice	Poland
country	Krishna Kishorenagar is a village in West Tripura District, Tripura, India.	Krishna Kishorenagar	India
country	Mineralnye Vody Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Минеральные Воды) (IATA: MRV, ICAO: URMM) (also written as Mineralnyye Vody Airport) is an airport in Stavropol Krai, Russia located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of Mineralnye Vody.	Mineralnye Vody Airport	Russia
country	Belpberg is a former municipality in the Bern-Mittelland administrative district in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Belpberg	Switzerland
country	Sapouy is the capital of the province of Ziro in Burkina Faso.	Sapouy	Burkina Faso
country	The 01633 telephone area code covers the city of Newport and surrounding areas in the United Kingdom.	01633	United Kingdom
country	Neupetershain (Sorbian: Nowe Wiki) is a municipality in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district, in southern Brandenburg, Germany.	Neupetershain	Germany
country	Mahovnik (pronounced (maˈxoːu̯nik); in older sources also Mošvald; German: Mooswald, in older sources also Moschwald) is a settlement on the left bank of the Rinža River, immediately northwest of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Mahovnik	Slovenia
country	Khao Phanom Bencha National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติเขาพนมเบญจา) is a national park in Krabi Province, Thailand.	Khao Phanom Bencha National Park	Thailand
country	Grandpré Abbey (French: Abbaye de Grandpré) is a former Cistercian abbey located at Faulx-les-Tombes (in the present commune of Gesves), in the province of Namur, Belgium.	Grandpré Abbey	Belgium
country	The Ellerhoop-Thiensen Arboretum (17 hectares, of which about 7.5 hectares are open to the public) is an arboretum and botanical garden located at Thiensen 4, Ellerhoop, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ellerhoop-Thiensen Arboretum	Germany
country	The Zurich University of Applied Sciences (ZHAW; German: Zürcher Hochschule für Angewandte Wissenschaften) located in the city of Winterthur, with facilities in Zurich and Wädenswil, is one of the largest University of Applied Sciences in Switzerland and is part of the Zürcher Fachhochschule.	Zurich University of Applied Sciences	Switzerland
country	The Kraków Philharmonic (Polish: Filharmonia Krakowska), is the primary concert hall in Kraków, Poland.	Kraków Philharmonic	Poland
country	Humber Valley Golf Resort is a public golf course and adjoining conference and events facility located near the village of Steady Brook in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Humber Valley Golf Resort	Canada
country	Puerto Carreño is the departmental capital, and a municipality, of the department of Vichada in the llanos of Colombia.	Puerto Carreño	Colombia
country	The Elisabethmarkt is a daily food market in Schwabing, a district of Munich, Germany.	Elisabethmarkt	Germany
country	Bogskär is a small group of Baltic Sea islets off the southernmost tip of Finland.	Bogskär	Finland
country	Polku (Persian: پلكو‎, also Romanized as Polkū, Palaku, and Polekū; also known as Paluka, Palūkūh, and Polūkū) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Polku	Iran
country	The European Institute of Education (eie) is a government licensed institute of further and higher education in San Ġwann, Malta.	European Institute of Education	Malta
country	Bushy Islet is a one-mile-long islet in Queensland, Australia about 9.5 miles (15.3 km) from Woody Island and 3.5 miles (5.6 km) from Quoin Island in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park of Queensland, Australia.	Bushy Islet	Australia
country	Male Poljane (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ pɔˈljaːnɛ); German: Kleinpölland) is a small settlement just west of Velike Poljane in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia (the traditional region of Lower Carniola).	Male Poljane	Slovenia
country	Humera (also Himora or officially, Setit Humora, Ge'ez ሰቲት ሑመራ Setit hūmerā) is a town and separate woreda in the northern Tigray Regional State of Ethiopia, near the borders of Sudan and Eritrea.	Humera	Ethiopia
country	Czerwińsk nad Wisłą (ˈt͡ʂɛrviɲsk ˌnad ˈviswɔ̃) is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czerwińsk nad Wisłą	Poland
country	CITV-DT, VHF channel 13, is a Global owned-and-operated television station located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	CITV-DT	Canada
country	Bedekovčina (Kajkavian: Bedekovščina) is a village and municipality in the Krapina-Zagorje County in Croatia.	Bedekovčina	Croatia
country	Goby Lake is a marine lake located on Koror island in Palau.	Goby Lake	Palau
country	Popran Valley is in the Central Coast region to the north of the Hawkesbury River itself fifty kilometres to the north of the city of Sydney, Australia.	Popran Valley	Australia
country	Chipoka is a town located in the Central Region district of Salima, in Malawi.	Chipoka	Malawi
country	Mandulak (Persian: مندولك‎, also Romanized as Mandūlak; also known as Mandūlak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Garmsar County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Mandulak	Iran
country	Banani is a village in Mali, populated by the Dogon people.	Banani	Mali
country	The Canberra Peace Park is beside Lake Burley Griffin between the lake and the National Library of Australia, in Canberra, the national capital of Australia.	Canberra Peace Park	Australia
country	Aldeadávila Dam is a concrete arch-gravity dam on the Douro River (also known as the Duero River) on the border between Spain and Portugal.	Aldeadávila Dam	Spain
country	Kerr Hall is a series of four buildings in a square forming the Ryerson Community Park, also known as the Quad, on the campus of Ryerson University, Toronto, Canada.	Kerr Hall	Canada
country	The Munyati River (also known as the Umniati River and, for part of its length, as the Sanyati River) is a river in Zimbabwe.	Munyati River	Zimbabwe
country	Mount Lurus is a complex volcano located along the northern coast of East Java, Indonesia.	Mount Lurus	Indonesia
country	Grmovlje (pronounced (ɡəɾˈmou̯ːljɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia.	Grmovlje	Slovenia
country	The Araya Peninsula is a peninsula on the Caribbean Sea, located in Sucre State, northern Venezuela.	Araya Peninsula	Venezuela
country	Zaporizhia International Airport (IATA: OZH, ICAO: UKDE) (Ukrainian: Міжнародний аеропорт ``Запоріжжя'', Russian: Международный аэропорт ``Запорожье'') is the international airport that serves Zaporizhia, Ukraine one of three airfields around the city.	Zaporizhia International Airport	Ukraine
country	Steiner Tor is a-preserved gate, originally built in the late 15th century but refashioned in the Baroque style in the city of Krems an der Donau, in the Wachau valley of Austria.	Steiner Tor	Austria
country	Harshil lies on the old caravan trail between Tibet and India, when trade and marriages flourished between the two countries.	Harshil	India
country	Bern railway station (German: Bahnhof Bern) serves the municipality of Bern, the capital city of Switzerland.	Bern railway station	Switzerland
country	The Loy Yang Power Station is a brown coal--fired thermal power station located on the outskirts of the city of Traralgon, in south eastern Victoria, Australia and is the largest power station in Australia, generating power of well over 3,000 MW (4,000,000 hp) in capacity.	Loy Yang Power Station	Australia
country	Kiekrz (kʲɛkʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rokietnica, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiekrz	Poland
country	Lascaux (Lascaux Caves) (English /læsˈkoʊ/, French: (lasko)) is the setting of a complex of caves in southwestern France famous for its Paleolithic cave paintings.	Lascaux	France
country	The Taonui Branch was a minor branch line railway in New Zealand's national network.	Taonui Branch	New Zealand
country	Urspringen is a community in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Marktheidenfeld.	Urspringen	Germany
country	Kök-Say (Kyrgyz: Көк-Сай (kœksɑ́j)) is a village in the Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kök-Say	Kyrgyzstan
country	Nowa Morawa (ˈnɔva mɔˈrava) (German: Neu Mohrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stronie Śląskie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Morawa	Poland
country	Berlin Cathedral (German: Berliner Dom) is the short name for the Evangelical (i.e. Protestant) Supreme Parish and Collegiate Church (German: Oberpfarr- und Domkirche zu Berlin) in Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Cathedral	Germany
country	The Flower Drum is a notable multi-award winning Chinese cuisine restaurant in Melbourne, Australia.	Flower Drum	Australia
country	Palazzo Pietro Spinola di San Luca is a 16th-century palace in Piazza di Pellicceria, Genoa, Italy.	Palazzo Pietro Spinola di San Luca	Italy
country	Kefashen (also, K’efashen) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Kefashen	Armenia
country	Samsieczno (samˈɕet͡ʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sicienko, within Bydgoszcz County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Samsieczno	Poland
country	Daşoguz Region (Turkmen: Daşoguz welaýaty) (formerly Daşhowuz / Дашховуз) is one of the regions of Turkmenistan.	Daşoguz Region	Turkmenistan
country	Santorini caldera is a large, mostly submerged caldera, located in the southern Aegean Sea, 120 kilometers north of Crete in Greece.	Santorini caldera	Greece
country	Cienkowice (t͡ɕɛnkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Zinkwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciepłowody, within Ząbkowice Śląskie County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Cienkowice	Poland
country	Diospi Suyana is a hospital in Peru, commissioned by Klaus Dieter John and his wife Martina.	Diospi Suyana	Peru
country	Miąsowa (mjɔ̃ˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Miąsowa	Poland
country	Przyrowo (pʂɨˈrɔvɔ) (German: Groß Hammerbach) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Przyrowo	Poland
country	Ballindangan (from Irish: Baile an Daingin) is a village in County Cork in Ireland.	Ballindangan	Ireland
country	Buchyna (Ukrainian: Бучина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Buchyna	Ukraine
country	Foxe Basin is a shallow oceanic basin north of Hudson Bay, in Nunavut, Canada, located between Baffin Island and the Melville Peninsula.	Foxe Basin	Canada
country	Muang Saiapoun is a river town in Sainyabuli Province, Laos.	Muang Saiapoun	Laos
country	Rogulewo (rɔɡuˈlɛvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Wejherowo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rogulewo	Poland
country	Mohammad Jamali (Persian: محمدجمالي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Jamālī and Muhammad Jamāli) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District, Shabankareh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mohammad Jamali	Iran
country	Franciszkowo Dolne (frant͡ɕiʂˈkɔvɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) (German: Gut Freudenthal) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Franciszkowo Dolne	Poland
country	Kalabukay Festival (Kalabukay - Cuyunon word for red-vented cockatoo) is an annual celebration for the foundation day of municipality of Dumaran, Palawan in the Philippines.	Kalabukay Festival	Philippines
country	Blefjell is a mountain area at the border between Buskerud and Telemark in Norway, and encompasses parts of the five municipalities Rollag, Flesberg, Kongsberg, Notodden and Tinn.	Blefjell	Norway
country	Ribartsi (Bulgarian: Рибарци) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Ribartsi	Bulgaria
country	Tribeč is a crystalline mountain range in western Slovakia, in the Inner Western Carpathians within the Fatra-Tatra Area, roughly between the towns of Nitra, Partizánske and Zlaté Moravce.	Tribeč	Slovakia
country	The Southern Districts Football Club (also known as the Southern Cats) was an Australian rules football club based in North Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.	Southern Districts Football Club	Australia
country	Taibet is a town and commune, and the capital of Taibet District, in Ouargla Province, Algeria.	Taibet	Algeria
country	Kotoriba (Hungarian: Kotor) is a village and municipality in Međimurje County, in northern Croatia.	Kotoriba	Croatia
country	Xavier College is a Roman Catholic, day and boarding school predominantly for boys, founded in 1872 by the Society of Jesus, with its main campus located in Kew, an eastern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Xavier College	Australia
country	Dhaula Kuan (Hindi: धौला कुआँ) is a major intersection of roads in Delhi, India.	Dhaula Kuan	India
country	The Kulen Promtep Wildlife Sanctuary is the largest protected area in Cambodia and was set aside to protect the critically endangered, possibly extinct Kouprey.	Kulen Promtep Wildlife Sanctuary	Cambodia
country	Affligem Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in the municipality of Affligem, Flemish Brabant, Belgium, 19 kilometres (12 miles) to the north-west of Brussels.	Affligem Abbey	Belgium
country	SmartLynx Airlines, previously LatCharter, is a charter airline based in Mārupe, Mārupe municipality, Latvia, operating flights on wet lease out (ACMI), holiday charter flights, and ad hoc passenger charter flights across Europe, Africa and Asia.	SmartLynx Airlines	Latvia
country	Molde (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈmɔlˈdɛ) ( listen)) is a city and municipality in Romsdal in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Molde	Norway
country	Hvidbjerg station is a railway station serving the railway town of Hvidbjerg on the Thyholm Peninsula in Thy, Denmark.	Hvidbjerg station	Denmark
country	The Manvils was released in Canada on August 11, 2009, through Fontana North Distribution.	The Manvils	Canada
country	Nandanam (Tamil: நந்தனம்) is a neighborhood in Chennai, India.	Nandanam	India
country	Sitra Mall is a multi-storey mall located in Sitra, Bahrain.	Sitra Mall	Bahrain
country	The NDG Auckland Centre is a proposed residential and hotel skyscraper in Auckland, New Zealand.	NDG Auckland Centre	New Zealand
country	Lété Island is an island in the River Niger approx. 16 kilometres long and 4 kilometres wide, located around 40 kilometres from the town of Gaya, Niger.	Lété Island	Niger
country	The Club Universitario de Córdoba (familiarly known as La U) is a sports club based in Córdoba, Argentina.	Club Universitario de Córdoba	Argentina
country	Laida is a gram panchayat in the district of Sambalpur in the state of Orissa in India.	Laida	India
country	Proshyan (Armenian: Պռոշյան), is a major village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Proshyan	Armenia
country	Tabarka (Tunisian Arabic: طبرقة‎ ṭbarqa, Phoenician Ṭabarqa, Thabraca in Latin, also called Tbarga by locals) is a coastal town located in north-western Tunisia, at about 36°57′16``N 8°45′29''E, close to the border with Algeria.	Tabarka	Tunisia
country	The University of Mannheim (in German: Universität Mannheim), also known as UMA, is a public research university situated in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	University of Mannheim	Germany
country	Lake Maardu (Estonian: Maardu järv; also known earlier as Lake Liivakandi) is a lake on the southern side of the town of Maardu, in northern Estonia.	Lake Maardu	Estonia
country	Miecznikowo-Miąchy (mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ˈmjɔ̃xɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Miecznikowo-Miąchy	Poland
country	Wólka Krzykowska (ˈvulka kʂɨˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Krzykowska	Poland
country	Yukhary Karasakkal (also, Karasakhkal) is a village in the Samukh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yukhary Karasakkal	Azerbaijan
country	Doctor Eulogio Estigarribia or Doctor J. Eulogio Estigarribia is a town in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay.	Doctor Eulogio Estigarribia	Paraguay
country	Virgen Milagrosa University Foundation (VMUF) is a privately supported, co-educational, Catholic university in San Carlos, Pangasinan, Philippines.	Virgen Milagrosa University Foundation	Philippines
country	Sowczyce (sɔfˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olesno, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Sowczyce	Poland
country	Makola Market is a renowned market place and shopping district in the centre of the city of Accra, the capital of Ghana.	Makola Market	Ghana
country	Fort Simpson Island Airport (TC LID: CET4), is located adjacent to Fort Simpson, Northwest Territories, Canada.	Fort Simpson Island Airport	Canada
country	Anse Lazio is a beach situated in the northwest of Praslin Island, Seychelles, considered by Lonely Planet to be the best beach on Praslin, and one of the best in the archipelago.	Anse Lazio	Seychelles
country	Lipovec pri Kostelu (pronounced (ˈliːpɔʋəts pɾi kɔˈsteːlu)) is a small deserted settlement west of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Lipovec pri Kostelu	Slovenia
country	Dargowo (darˈɡɔvɔ) (German: Dargau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dargowo	Poland
country	Darreh Ru Ab (Persian: دره روآب‎, also Romanized as Darreh Rū Āb; also known as Darreh Rūbāh) is a village in Milas Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Darreh Ru Ab	Iran
country	Qareh Tikanlu (Persian: قره تيكانلو‎, also Romanized as Qareh Tīkānlū; also known as Qareh Tīkālū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qareh Tikanlu	Iran
country	Pirudanlu (Persian: پيرودانلو‎, also Romanized as Pīrūdānlū; also known as Pīr Dūlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pirudanlu	Iran
country	Vodlozersky National Park (Russian: Водлозерский национальный парк) is a national park in the north of Russia, located in Onezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Pudozhsky District in the Republic of Karelia.	Vodlozersky National Park	Russia
country	Doclin (Hungarian: Doklény) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2.047 people.	Doclin	Romania
country	Tigra Dam (also spelled ``Tighra Dam'') creates a freshwater reservoir on the Sank River, about 23 km from Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh, India It plays a crucial role in supplying water to the city.	Tigra Dam	India
country	Torrente de Cinca (Spanish: (toˈrente ðe ˈθiŋka)) or Torrent de Cinca (Catalan: (tuˈren də ˈsiŋkə), locally: (toˈrend de ˈsiŋka)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Torrente de Cinca	Spain
country	The United States Constitution is the supreme law of the United States of America.	United States Constitution	United States of America
country	Levanjci (pronounced (lɛˈʋaːntsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia.	Levanjci	Slovenia
country	Karavostamo (Greek: Καραβόσταμο) is a seaside village on the island of Ikaria, Greece.	Karavostamo	Greece
country	Cheraghabad-e Markazi (Persian: چراغ آباد مركزئ‎, also Romanized as Cherāghābād-e Markazī) is a village in Cheraghabad Rural District, Tukahur District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Cheraghabad-e Markazi	Iran
country	Le Tabor is a mountain in the Isère department of France.	Le Tabor	France
country	Kord Ahmad-e Sofla (Persian: كرداحمدسفلي‎, also Romanized as Kord Aḩmad-e Soflá) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kord Ahmad-e Sofla	Iran
country	The A81 road is a trunk road in Scotland, United Kingdom, it runs from Glasgow to Callander, a total of 30 miles (48 km).	A81 road	United Kingdom
country	The Markham River is a river in eastern Papua New Guinea.	Markham River	Papua New Guinea
country	Mehmandar (also, Shorlu Mehmandar, Shollu Mehmandar) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Mehmandar	Armenia
country	Molla Abdollah School is located in the bazaar of Isfahan, Iran, and was a premises for prayer and theological studies by reputed clergy, including Mullah Abdollah Shooshtari, during the reign of Shah Abbas I of Persia.	Molla Abdollah School	Iran
country	Zgornja Šiška (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈʃiːʃka); German: Oberschischka) is a formerly independent settlement in the northwest part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Zgornja Šiška	Slovenia
country	Vardadzor (Armenian: Վարդաձոր) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Vardadzor	Armenia
country	Tauweru, alternatively Taueru, is a locality in the Wairarapa region of New Zealand's North Island.	Tauweru	New Zealand
country	Xinzhuang District (Chinese: 新莊區; Hanyu Pinyin: Xīnzhuāng Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Sinjhuang Cyu) is an inner city district in the western part of New Taipei in northern Republic of China (Taiwan).	Xinzhuang District	Taiwan
country	Letohrad (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɛtoɦrat); until 1950 called Kyšperk; German: Geiersberg) is a town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District, Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic.	Letohrad	Czech Republic
country	Birsfelden (Swiss German: Birsfälde) is a municipality in the district of Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Birsfelden	Switzerland
country	Brickworks, Semnan (Persian: کوره آجر پايه‎ -- Kūreh-ye Ājar Pāīyeh) is a company town and village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Semnan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Brickworks, Semnan	Iran
country	Radolišta (Macedonian: Радолишта; Albanian: Ladorishti) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia, part of the Struga Municipality in the southwestern region.	Radolišta	Macedonia
country	Eastern Jehangira is under Swabi district while western Jehangira is under the administration of Nowshera district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (Northern Province of Pakistan).	Jehangira	Pakistan
country	Verin Khotanan (Armenian: Վերին Խոտանան; also, Verkhniy Khotanan and Verev Khotanan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Verin Khotanan	Armenia
country	The Accademia Albertina delle Belle Arti (``Albertina Academy of Fine Arts'') is an institution of higher education in Turin, Italy.	Accademia Albertina	Italy
country	FK Hajduk Beograd (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Хајдук Београд) is a football club from Belgrade, Serbia.	FK Hajduk Beograd	Serbia
country	The Sifton Ranges are a mountain range along the west side of the Rocky Mountain Trench in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Sifton Ranges	Canada
country	Ilisu State Reserve was established on the area of 93 km2 (36 sq mi) in 1987 in Qakh Rayon, Azerbaijan.	Ilisu State Reserve	Azerbaijan
country	Sebeborci (Hungarian: Szentbibor, Prekmurje Slovene (sometimes): Sembiborci) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Sebeborci	Slovenia
country	The German University in Cairo (GUC, Arabic: الجامعة الألمانية بالقاهرة‎ al-gamaʿa al-almāniyya bil-Qāhira, German: Deutsche Universität in Kairo) is a university in New Cairo City, Cairo, Egypt.	German University in Cairo	Egypt
country	Ariccia (Latin: Aricia) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Rome, central Italy.	Ariccia	Italy
country	Brstovnica (pronounced (bəɾstɔu̯ˈniːtsa)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Brstovnica	Slovenia
country	Smolensk South Airport (IATA: LNX, ICAO: UUBS) is an airport in Smolensk Oblast, Russia, located 4 km south of the city of Smolensk that is no longer in use.	Smolensk South Airport	Russia
country	Povokvil Waterfalls is a waterfall in Kampot Province, Cambodia.	Povokvil Waterfalls	Cambodia
country	Cumalar (also, Çumalar) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cumalar	Azerbaijan
country	Norrviken Gardens (Swedish: Norrvikens trädgårdar) is a garden, located about 3 kilometers northwest of Båstad, Skåne County, Sweden.	Norrviken Gardens	Sweden
country	Oril (Ukrainian: Оріль) is a river in Ukraine, 346 km in length, a left tributary of the Dnieper River, the basin of Dnieper.	Oril	Ukraine
country	Khu Bua (Thai: คูบัว) is an archaeological site 12 km southeast of the town Ratchaburi, Thailand.	Khu Bua	Thailand
country	Stalag IV-B was one of the largest prisoner-of-war camps in Germany during World War II. Stalag is an abbreviation of the German Stammlager (``Main Camp'').	Stalag IV-B	Germany
country	Ševnica (pronounced (ˈʃeːu̯nitsa)) is a small village west of Mirna in the Municipality of Mirna in southeastern Slovenia.	Ševnica	Slovenia
country	On the Kocher Viaduct (German: Kochertalbrücke) near Schwäbisch Hall in Germany the Autobahn 6 crosses the Kocher valley between Heilbronn and Nuremberg.	Kocher Viaduct	Germany
country	Mieduniszki Wielkie (mjɛduˈniʂki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Medunischken, from 1938-45 Großmedien) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mieduniszki Wielkie	Poland
country	The Northern Ontario Railroad Museum and Heritage Centre is a rail transport museum located in the community of Capreol in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada.	Northern Ontario Railroad Museum	Canada
country	Pasmugi (pasˈmuɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borki, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Pasmugi	Poland
country	Atsimo-Andrefana is a region of Madagascar.	Atsimo-Andrefana	Madagascar
country	Abbasabad-e Bozorg (Persian: عباس ابادبزرگ‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Bozorg) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,070, in 245 families.	Abbasabad-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Utery is a village in the Atyrau Region of western Kazakhstan.	Utery	Kazakhstan
country	The Queensland Council for Civil Liberties (QCCL) is a voluntary organisation in Australia concerned with the protection of individual rights and civil liberties.	Queensland Council for Civil Liberties	Australia
country	Locri is a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Reggio Calabria, Calabria, southern Italy.	Locri	Italy
country	The Hammastunturi Wilderness Area (Finnish: Hammastunturin erämaa) is located in Lapland, Finland.	Hammastunturi Wilderness Area	Finland
country	Nikolaiika (Greek: Νικολαίικα) is a village in the municipal unit of Diakopto, Achaea, Greece.	Nikolaiika	Greece
country	The Equestrian Statue of Marcus Aurelius is an ancient Roman statue in the Campidoglio, Rome, Italy.	Equestrian Statue of Marcus Aurelius	Italy
country	Changarian (Persian: چنگريان‎, also Romanized as Changarīān, Changereyān, and Changerīān; also known as Changīzīān and Chingiran) is a village in Gil Dulab Rural District, in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Changarian	Iran
country	Ələhi (also, Alagi, Allyagi, and Alyagi) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Ələhi	Azerbaijan
country	Ryńskie Pole (ˈrɨɲskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ) (German Rheinsfelde) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ryńskie Pole	Poland
country	Santo Niño de Tondo Church (also known as Tondo Church) is a Roman Catholic church in Tondo, Manila in the Philippines established by the Augustinians.	Tondo Church	Philippines
country	The Usoi Dam is a natural landslide dam along the Murghab River in Tajikistan.	Usoi Dam	Tajikistan
country	Regent's Business School London (informally Regent's Business School, RBS London or RBSL) is a private business school located in London, United Kingdom.	Regent's Business School London	United Kingdom
country	Poznanovići (Serbian: Познановићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Poznanovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ahmad-e Naseri (Persian: احمدناصري‎, also Romanized as Aḩmad-e Nāşerī; also known as Aḩmad-e Nāẕerī) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ahmad-e Naseri	Iran
country	The Conns Creek Branch was a short branch line railway in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Conns Creek Branch	New Zealand
country	The Stade de la Meinau (French pronunciation: ​(stad də la mɛno)), commonly known as ``'La Meinau''' is a football stadium in Strasbourg, France.	Stade de la Meinau	France
country	The Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal is a canal starting in the Timiş River and emerging in the Tisza in Romania.	Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal	Romania
country	Gutu is the third largest district in Masvingo Province, southern Zimbabwe, after Chiredzi and Mwenezi.	Gutu	Zimbabwe
country	Gaedu College of Business Studies is an autonomous government college under the Royal University of Bhutan, offering full-time contemporary business and management education in Bhutan.	Gaedu College of Business Studies	Bhutan
country	As per 2011 Census of India Jaridih Bazar had a population of 31,882, of which 16,649 were males and 15,242 females.	Jaridih Bazar	India
country	Banca d'Italia (pronounced (ˈbaŋka diˈtaːlja); Italian for Bank of Italy), also known as Bankitalia, is the central bank of Italy and part of the European System of Central Banks.	Banca d'Italia	Italy
country	Churchill railway station is a railway station located in the town of Churchill, Manitoba, Canada.	Churchill railway station	Canada
country	Yablanitsa (Bulgarian: Ябланица; also Jablanica, Iablanica, Yablanica, Jablanitsa, Iablanitsa, Jablanitza, Yablanitza, Iablanitza) is a small town in the westernmost part of Lovech Province, central-north Bulgaria, located in the area of the Pre-Balkan, north of the Stara Planina mountain.	Yablanitsa	Bulgaria
country	University of Sistan and Baluchestan is an Iranian public university headquartered in Zahedan, Sistan and Baluchestan province, Iran.	University of Sistan and Baluchestan	Iran
country	The League of Polish Families (Polish: Liga Polskich Rodzin, LPR) is a nationalist conservative political party in Poland, part of the Catholic-National Movement and with many elements of far-right ideology.	League of Polish Families	Poland
country	Kashagan Field is an offshore oil field in Kazakhstan's zone of the Caspian Sea.	Kashagan Field	Kazakhstan
country	The Cathay is a mixed-use 17-storey cinema, shopping mall and apartment building located at Handy Road and Mount Sophia in the Museum Planning Area of Singapore.	The Cathay	Singapore
country	Viimsi (German: Wiems) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Harju County, northern Estonia.	Viimsi	Estonia
country	Choqa Kalbali (Persian: چقاكلب علي‎, also Romanized as Choqā Kalb``alī and Chaqā Kalbe``alī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 339, in 70 families.	Choqa Kalbali	Iran
country	Kowale-Kolonia (kɔˈvalɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuźnica, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kowale-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Upper Nihotupu Reservoir (or Upper Nihotupu Dam) is one of five reservoirs in the Waitakere Ranges that supply water to Auckland, New Zealand.	Upper Nihotupu Reservoir	New Zealand
country	Neygu (Persian: نيگو‎, also Romanized as Neygū) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District, Eresk District, Boshruyeh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Neygu	Iran
country	Handnesøya Chapel (Norwegian: Handnesøya kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Nesna in Nordland county, Norway.	Handnesøya Chapel	Norway
country	Vũng Rô Bay (Vietnamese: Vịnh Vũng Rô) is a small bay in Phú Yên Province, Vietnam.	Vũng Rô Bay	Vietnam
country	Čierne is a village and municipality in Čadca District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia, on the border with Poland and the Czech Republic.	Čierne	Slovakia
country	Tazeh Kand-e Aghbolagh (Persian: تازه كنداغبلاغ‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Āghbolāgh; also known as Tāzeh Kand and Tāzeh Kand-e Āqbolāgh) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Aghbolagh	Iran
country	Berlin-Lübecker Maschinenfabrik (BLM) was a manufacturer of handguns, infantry rifles, ammunition up to 2 cm, flareguns and precision military equipment in Germany from 1936 to 1945.	Berlin-Lübecker Maschinenfabrik	Germany
country	Gemerské Dechtáre (Hungarian: Détér) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Gemerské Dechtáre	Slovakia
country	Granton Institute of Technology is a former correspondence learning institution in Canada.	Granton Institute of Technology	Canada
country	Ķemeri resort is a part of Jūrmala in Latvia, 44 km from Riga.	Ķemeri	Latvia
country	Khulak (Persian: خولك‎, also Romanized as Khūlak) is a village in Rostamabad-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khulak	Iran
country	Strošinci is a village in eastern Croatia located southeast of Vrbanja, near the border with Serbia.	Strošinci	Croatia
country	The Clementine Hall, called the Sala Clementina (The Clementine Salon) is a hall of the Apostolic Palace near St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City.	Clementine Hall	Vatican City
country	Marneuli (Georgian: მარნეული) is a small city in the Kvemo Kartli region of southern Georgia and administrative center of Marneuli District that borders neighboring Azerbaijan and Armenia.	Marneuli	Georgia
country	Aboker Muti is a kebele, a small town, in Harari Region, Ethiopia.	Aboker Muti	Ethiopia
country	Sebastián Vizcaíno Bay (Spanish: Bahía de Sebastián Vizcaíno) is a bay along the west coast of the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico.	Sebastián Vizcaíno Bay	Mexico
country	Gradzanowo Zbęskie-Kolonia (ɡrad͡zaˈnɔvɔ ˈzbɛ̃skʲɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gradzanowo Zbęskie-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kirov Reservoir (Kyrgyz: Киров суу сактагычы), is a reservoir of the Talas River, located in Manas District of Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Kirov Reservoir	Kyrgyzstan
country	Senjōgahara (戦場ヶ原) is a 4 square kilometres area in Tochigi Prefecture, Japan, in the city of Nikkō.	Senjōgahara	Japan
country	Chiquitania (``Chiquitos'' or ``Gran Chiquitania'') is a region of tropical savannas in the Santa Cruz Department in eastern Bolivia.	Chiquitania	Bolivia
country	Rotterdam Hofplein railway station in the Netherlands is a former main-line and RandstadRail station.	Rotterdam Hofplein railway station	Netherlands
country	The Bucca tornado was one of the most violent tornadoes ever observed in Australia, being the first Australian tornado to be officially rated F4 on the Fujita scale.	Bucca tornado	Australia
country	Pasteral Reservoir (Catalan: Pantà del Pasteral) is a reservoir located on the Ter river, on the border between La Cellera de Ter and Amer, Catalonia, Spain.	Pasteral Reservoir	Spain
country	Lisbon Zoo (Jardim Zoologico de Lisboa) is a zoological garden in Lisbon, Portugal.	Lisbon Zoo	Portugal
country	Tournay Abbey (French: Abbaye Notre-Dame de Tournay) is an active Benedictine monastery in Tournay, Hautes-Pyrénées, France.	Tournay Abbey	France
country	Rozhniativ (Ukrainian: Рожня́тів; formerly: Рожнітів, Polish: Rożniatów, Rozhnitiv) is an urban-type settlement in Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ukraine.	Rozhniativ	Ukraine
country	Alliance Quebec (AQ) was a group formed in 1982 to lobby on behalf of English-speaking Quebecers in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Alliance Quebec	Canada
country	The Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations 2013, often known by the acronym RIDDOR, is a 2013 Statutory Instrument of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Reporting of Injuries, Diseases and Dangerous Occurrences Regulations	United Kingdom
country	Temelín Nuclear Power Station (Czech: Jaderná elektrárna Temelín, abbreviation JETE) is located near Temelín, a small village in the Czech Republic.	Temelín Nuclear Power Station	Czech Republic
country	Rak Škocjan (Slovene: Rakov Škocjan; pronounced (ˈɾaːkɔu̯ ˈʃkɔːtsjan)) is a valley and a landscape park, part of Inner Carniola Regional Park in southwestern Slovenia.	Rak Škocjan	Slovenia
country	Oyak Renault is a basketball club based in Bursa, Turkey that plays in the Turkish Basketball League (TBL).	Oyak Renault	Turkey
country	Arzew or Arzeu (Arabic: أرزيو‎ Berber; erziouw) is a port city in Algeria, 25 miles (40 km) from Oran.	Arzew	Algeria
country	Tavanipupu is private resort island in the Solomon Islands.	Tavanipupu	Solomon Islands
country	Saint-Offenge-Dessous is a former commune in the Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.	Saint-Offenge-Dessous	France
country	Tazehabad-e Taleqan (Persian: تازه ابادطالقان‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Ţāleqān) is a village in Shiyan Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Taleqan	Iran
country	Zabaykalsk (Russian: Забайка́льск) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) and the administrative center of Zabaykalsky District of Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia, located on the Sino-Russian border just opposite the Chinese border town of Manzhouli.	Zabaykalsk	Russia
country	FC Linz was an Austrian football club, based in Linz, Upper Austria.	FC Linz	Austria
country	Dahimi-ye Seh (Persian: دحيمي سه‎, also Romanized as Daḥīmī-ye Seh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dahimi-ye Seh	Iran
country	Merici College is a private Roman Catholic girls' high school located in the suburb of Braddon in Canberra, Australia.	Merici College	Australia
country	Letsitele is a small town situated in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Letsitele	South Africa
country	Tha Sao (Thai: ท่าเสา) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Uttaradit District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Tha Sao	Thailand
country	Zgornje Gorče (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈɡoːɾtʃɛ)) is a settlement in the Lower Savinja Valley in the Municipality of Braslovče in Slovenia.	Zgornje Gorče	Slovenia
country	Veľká Mača (Hungarian: Nagymácséd) is a village and municipality in Galanta District of the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Veľká Mača	Slovakia
country	Ustyuzhna (Russian: У́стюжна) is a town and the administrative center of Ustyuzhensky District in Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the Mologa River, 491 kilometers (305 mi) west of Vologda, the administrative center of the oblast.	Ustyuzhna	Russia
country	Staats Island is one of the Beaver Island Group in the Falkland Islands.	Staats Island	Falkland Islands
country	Dharasana is a town in Valsad, Gujarat, India, adjacent to Dandi.	Dharasana	India
country	Tullibigeal is a small farming community in the Central West region of New South Wales, Australia.	Tullibigeal	Australia
country	Guadasséquies (Valencian pronunciation: (ˌɡwaðaˈsekies), Spanish: Guadasequies) is a municipality in the comarca of Vall d'Albaida in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Guadasséquies	Spain
country	Río Grande de Matagalpa (Spanish pronunciation: (mataˈɣalpa), Awaltara in Miskito) is a river of Nicaragua.	Río Grande de Matagalpa	Nicaragua
country	Moldjord is a village and the administrative centre of the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county, Norway.	Moldjord	Norway
country	Before the incorporation of Tibet into the People's Republic of China (1950--51), the agricultural engineer Peter Aufschnaiter designed a dam on the Lhasa River to protect the palace of Norbulingka in the city of Lhasa from flooding, with a water supply canal to the city.	Lhasa River	People's Republic of China
country	Wagga Wagga Airport (IATA: WGA, ICAO: YSWG), is located adjacent to RAAF Base Wagga, and 5.8 nautical miles (10.7 km; 6.7 mi) southeast of Wagga Wagga in New South Wales, Australia.	Wagga Wagga Airport	Australia
country	HBF Stadium, previously known as Perth Superdrome and Challenge Stadium, is a sports complex in Mount Claremont, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	HBF Stadium	Australia
country	Lavangen Church (Norwegian: Lavangen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Lavangen in Troms county, Norway.	Lavangen Church	Norway
country	The Sheer Islands are Canadian arctic islands located in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Sheer Islands	Canada
country	Oborná (German: Spillendorf) is a village in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic.	Oborná	Czech Republic
country	Nes Municipality in the Faroe Islands comprises three villages, Nes, Toftir and Saltnes.	Nes Municipality	Faroe Islands
country	Concordia University Television (CUTV) is Canada's oldest student-run television station.	Concordia University Television	Canada
country	Tuapi is a small indigenous community in the municipality of Puerto Cabezas in the North Caribbean Coast Autonomous Region of Nicaragua.	Tuapi	Nicaragua
country	Terkha is a small village situated in the district Nowshera of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Terkha	Pakistan
country	Mieleszówka (mjɛlɛˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Doruchów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Mieleszówka	Poland
country	Chief Sunrise Education Centre is a publicly funded K-12 school, located in K'atl'odeche First Nation (also known as the Hay River Dene Reserve) in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Chief Sunrise Education Centre	Canada
country	Vatomandry (vatʷˈmanɖʐʲ) is a city in and the administrative center of the Vatomandry District, Atsinanana Region, Madagascar.	Vatomandry	Madagascar
country	Deoghar is the main city of the Deoghar District in the Santhal Parganas division of the state of Jharkhand, India.	Deoghar	India
country	Atlit Yam is an ancient submerged Neolithic village off the coast of Atlit, Israel.	Atlit Yam	Israel
country	Lake Sandoval is a lake in Peru, close to the city of Puerto Maldonado, part of the Madre de Dios in the Amazon basin.	Lake Sandoval	Peru
country	Biedowo (bʲɛˈdɔvɔ) (German: Neu Maraunen; 1928-1945: Maraunen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biedowo	Poland
country	Aunis is a historical province of France, situated in the north-west of the department of Charente-Maritime.	Aunis	France
country	The Halifax Grammar School (HGS) is an independent, coeducational day school in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Halifax Grammar School	Canada
country	Djupfjordstraumen Bridge (Norwegian: Djupfjordstraumen bru, also known as Djupfjordbrua) is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Djupfjorden in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county, Norway.	Djupfjordstraumen Bridge	Norway
country	Bighash (Persian: بيغش‎, also Romanized as Bīghash; also known as Deh-i-Bakhah) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Bighash	Iran
country	The Kunstareal (``art district'') is a museum quarter in the city centre of Munich, Germany.	Kunstareal	Germany
country	The Merseburg University of Applied Sciences (German: Hochschule Merseburg (FH) - University of Applied Sciences) is a higher education institution (a Fachhochschule) located in the town of Merseburg, Germany.	Merseburg University of Applied Sciences	Germany
country	Phu Sang National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติภูซาง) is a national park in Northern Thailand.	Phu Sang National Park	Thailand
country	Renamed Changchun by the People's Republic of China government, it became the capital of Jilin in 1954.	Changchun	People's Republic of China
country	Nowy Witoszyn (ˈnɔvɨ viˈtɔʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fabianki, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Nowy Witoszyn	Poland
country	Piz Kesch (German) or Piz d'Es-cha (Rumantsch) is a peak in the Albula Alps of the Rhaetian Alps in Switzerland.	Piz Kesch	Switzerland
country	Fale Fatu (or Falefatu) is an islet of Funafuti, Tuvalu.	Fale Fatu	Tuvalu
country	Bulhar is an archaeological site in the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia.	Bulhar	Somalia
country	Aarberg Castle (German: Schloss Aarberg) is a castle in the municipality of Aarberg in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.	Aarberg Castle	Switzerland
country	Stadl-Paura is a municipality in the Austrian state of Upper Austria located in the district Wels-Land.	Stadl-Paura	Austria
country	Fascination Records is a United Kingdom based record label, owned by Universal Music Group, and operated as an imprint of Polydor Records.	Fascination Records	United Kingdom
country	Mostadmark Chapel (Norwegian: Mostadmark kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Mostadmark Chapel	Norway
country	Dedovo (Bulgarian: Дедово) is a village in the Rodopi Municipality of Bulgaria.	Dedovo	Bulgaria
country	Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District (Persian: دهستان امامزاده عبدالعزيز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Jolgeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Abdol Aziz Rural District	Iran
country	Chyžné (Hungarian: Hizsnyó) is a village and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Chyžné	Slovakia
country	Peterborough Power Station is a 360MW gas-fired power station at Eastern Industry, Fengate in the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.	Peterborough Power Station	United Kingdom
country	Senés (Spanish: (seˈnes), locally: (sɛˈnɛʰ)) is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Senés	Spain
country	Boğazpınar (formerly Boğazkinir) is a village in Tarsus district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Boğazpınar	Turkey
country	Abbasabad Poshteh (Persian: عباس ابادپشته‎, also known as ``Abbāsābād) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families.	Abbasabad Poshteh	Iran
country	The Luele River (called the Pio-Pio or Lié River in its lower course) runs from south to north through Idiofa Territory, Kwilu District, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Luele River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Miková (Rusyn: Микова, Hungarian: Mikó) is a municipality in the Stropkov District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Miková	Slovakia
country	The University of Wrocław (UWr) (Polish: Uniwersytet Wrocławski; German: Universität Breslau; Latin: Universitas Wratislaviensis) is a public research university located in Wrocław, Poland.	University of Wrocław	Poland
country	The Sjellebro Stone is a Viking Age image stone located at Sjellbro, which is about 12 kilometers southeast of Randers, Denmark.	Sjellebro Stone	Denmark
country	Río Amazonas Airport (IATA: PTZ, ICAO: SESM) is located at Shell Mera in the Pastaza Province in Ecuador.	Río Amazonas Airport	Ecuador
country	Ischitella is a town and comune in the province of Foggia, Apulia, southeast Italy.	Ischitella	Italy
country	Kolguyev Island (Russian: о́стров Колгу́ев) is an island in Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia located in the south-eastern Barents Sea (east of the Pechora Sea) to the north-east of the Kanin Peninsula.	Kolguyev Island	Russia
country	The Feminale in Cologne is Germany's oldest feminist film festival.	Feminale	Germany
country	The Wanggong Fishing Port (Chinese: 王功漁港; pinyin: Wánggōng Yúgǎng) is a harbor in Wanggong Village, Fangyuan Township, Changhua County, Taiwan.	Wanggong Fishing Port	Taiwan
country	The Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Oviedo is a multi-purpose sports arena in Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	Palacio Municipal de Deportes de Oviedo	Spain
country	Simpang Ampek (or Simpang Empat) is a town or Sub-district in West Pasaman Regency, of West Sumatra province of Indonesia and it is the seat (capital) of West Pasaman Regency.	Simpang Ampek	Indonesia
country	Zermatt is a municipality in the district of Visp in the German-speaking section of the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	Zermatt	Switzerland
country	Agios Symeon (Greek: Άγιος Συμεών ``Saint Simon''; Turkish: Avtepe ``hill for hunt'', previously Aysinyo) is a village in Cyprus, located on the Karpas Peninsula.	Agios Symeon	Cyprus
country	Tejgaon Airport (ICAO: VGTJ) in Dhaka, Bangladesh served as the country's sole international airport prior to the construction of Shahjalal International Airport.	Tejgaon Airport	Bangladesh
country	Safari World is a sight seeing in Bangkok, Thailand that consists of two parks named Marine Park and Safari Park, operated by Safari World Public Limited.	Safari World	Thailand
country	Lotte World is a major recreation complex in Seoul, South Korea.	Lotte World	South Korea
country	Raffles Bay is a bay on the northern coast of the Cobourg Peninsula of the Top End of the Northern Territory of Australia.	Raffles Bay	Australia
country	Rywałdzik (rɨˈvau̯d͡ʑik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Nowe Miasto County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rywałdzik	Poland
country	The Conradines or Conradiner were a dynasty of Franconian counts and dukes in the 8th to 11th Century, named after Duke Conrad the Elder and his son King Conrad I of Germany.	Conradines	Germany
country	Zgornja Draga (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnja ˈdɾaːɡa)) is a settlement just west of Ivančna Gorica in the historical region of Lower Carniola in central Slovenia.	Zgornja Draga	Slovenia
country	Primero de Enero is a municipality and town in the Ciego de Ávila Province of Cuba.	Primero de Enero	Cuba
country	Trinity term is the third and final term of the academic year at University of Oxford, the University of Dublin, Canterbury Christ Church University, and some independent schools in the United Kingdom.	Trinity term	United Kingdom
country	Latur (Marathi: लातूर) is a city in the Marathwada region in the Maharashtra state of India is the Fastest Growing city in Asia.	Latur	India
country	The Arameans of western Syria followed the cult of Hadad-Ramman, the god of thunderstorms and rain, and erected a temple dedicated to him at the site of the present-day Umayyad Mosque.	Umayyad Mosque	Syria
country	Marimari River is tributary of the Abacaxis River in Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.	Marimari River	Brazil
country	Antholz-Mittertal is a frazione of the municipality of Rasen-Antholz in South Tyrol in Italy.	Antholz-Mittertal	Italy
country	Duvauchelle (Māori: Kaitouna) is a small town situated at the head of Akaroa Harbour on Banks Peninsula in New Zealand.	Duvauchelle	New Zealand
country	Kachmanowo (kaxmaˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobowo, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kachmanowo	Poland
country	San Girolamo della Carità is a church in Rome, Italy, located near the Palazzo Farnese and Campo de' Fiori.	San Girolamo della Carità	Italy
country	Høvåg is a village and former municipality in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Høvåg	Norway
country	Emmelshausen is a town in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis (district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Emmelshausen	Germany
country	Seba Beach is a summer village located 85 km (53 mi) west of Edmonton in Alberta, Canada.	Seba Beach	Canada
country	Cawston College (1964-1999) was a public school in the English county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom.	Cawston College	United Kingdom
country	Măgurele is a town situated in the southwestern part of Ilfov County, Romania.	Măgurele	Romania
country	Avtovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Автовац) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Avtovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Xyliatos (Greek: Ξυλιάτος) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located 4 km southwest of Agia Marina.	Xyliatos	Cyprus
country	Savave or Saveve is an islet of Nukufetau, Tuvalu, which is on the lagoon side of Fale islet.	Savave	Tuvalu
country	Wasauksing First Nation (formerly named as Parry Island First Nation) is an Ojibway, Odawa and Pottawatomi First Nation band government whose reserve is located near Parry Sound in Ontario, Canada.	Wasauksing First Nation	Canada
country	Novy Chas (New Time in English) is an independent weekly newspaper published in Belarus.	Novy Chas	Belarus
country	The Schulich School of Engineering is an accredited engineering school located in Calgary, Canada.	Schulich School of Engineering	Canada
country	Koščake (pronounced (kɔˈʃtʃaːkɛ)) is a remote settlement in the hills northeast of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Koščake	Slovenia
country	Laodikino is a village South of the City of Kilkis in the Kilkis regional unit, Greece.	Laodikino	Greece
country	The Zhinvali Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Aragvi River in the Caucasus Mountains in Zhinvali, Georgia.	Zhinvali Dam	Georgia
country	Mniowice (mɲɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagiewniki, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Mniowice	Poland
country	Teso sub-region (previously known as Teso District) is a sub-region in Eastern Region, Uganda that consists of:	Teso sub-region	Uganda
country	Natolin is a historic park and nature reserve (1.2 km²) on the southern edge of Warsaw, Poland.	Natolin	Poland
country	Nea Ekklisoula (Greek: Νέα Εκκλησούλα meaning ``new church'') is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Nea Ekklisoula	Greece
country	Anantapur City is very well connected to most major cities in India by the National Highways NH7 and NH 205.	Anantapur	India
country	The April 2011 Miyagi earthquake (Japanese: ``2011 Miyagi Prefecture earthquake'' (2011年 宮城県沖地震 2011-Nen Miyagi-ken-oki jishin)) was a magnitude 7.1 Mw earthquake, with an epicentre off the coast of Miyagi Prefecture, approximately 66 kilometres (41 mi) east of Sendai, Japan.	April 2011 Miyagi earthquake	Japan
country	Wariri (Aymara wari vicuña, -(i)ri a suffix, hispanicized spelling Huarire, also Huairire) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Wariri	Peru
country	The Hermitage of San Baudelio de Berlanga (Ermita de San Baudelio de Berlanga) is an early 11th-century church at Caltojar in the province of Soria, Spain, 80 km south of Berlanga de Duero.	San Baudelio de Berlanga	Spain
country	Laâyoune-Boujdour-Sakia El Hamra (Arabic: العيون بوجدور الساقية الحمراء‎) was a former region of Morocco which existed from 1997 to 2015.	Laâyoune-Boujdour-Sakia El Hamra	Morocco
country	Nir Oz (Hebrew: נִיר עֹז, ניר עוז, lit. Meadow of Strength) is a kibbutz in southern Israel.	Nir Oz	Israel
country	Astafjord Church (Norwegian: Astafjord kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Skånland in Troms county, Norway.	Astafjord Church	Norway
country	Although there are many other acropoleis in Greece, the significance of the Acropolis of Athens is such that it is commonly known as ``The Acropolis'' without qualification.	Acropolis of Athens	Greece
country	Abdul Hamid Sharaf School (or AHSS) is a private school in Amman, Jordan.	Abdul Hamid Sharaf School	Jordan
country	Westham Island is an island located near Ladner, British Columbia, Canada within the municipality of Delta, which in turn is part of Greater Vancouver.	Westham Island	Canada
country	Nehrəm (also, Negram) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Nehrəm	Azerbaijan
country	La Pineda is a town in the province of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain	La Pineda	Spain
country	Now Dar Amad (Persian: نودرامد‎, also Romanized as Now Dar Āmad and Now Darāmad) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Now Dar Amad	Iran
country	H̨awţah Sudayr or Hautat Sudair (Arabic: حوطة سدير‎) is a city in Saudi Arabia, and the capital of Sudair located at the intersection 12-13 Riyadh-Sudair-Qassim.	H̨awţah Sudayr	Saudi Arabia
country	Provadia (Bulgarian: Провадия) is a town in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Varna Province, located in a deep karst gorge (Provadia syncline) along the Provadia River not far from the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast.	Provadia	Bulgaria
country	Prince of Wales Bay is located on the western shore of the River Derwent in southern Tasmania, Australia.	Prince of Wales Bay	Australia
country	Putrajaya Ring Road or Jalan Lingkaran Bandar, Federal Route 30, is a major highway in Putrajaya, Malaysia.	Putrajaya Ring Road	Malaysia
country	Repovac (Cyrillic: Реповац) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Repovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Taipei Language Institute (TLI; Chinese: 中華語文研習所; pinyin: zhōnghuá yǔwén yánxí suǒ) was founded in 1956 by a group of missionaries who wished to provide training in Mandarin Chinese for Taiwan-bound missionaries.	Taipei Language Institute	Taiwan
country	Söğütlüçeşme railway station (Turkish: Söğütlüçeşme İstasyonu) is a railway station in the Kadıköy district of İstanbul, Turkey.	Söğütlüçeşme railway station	Turkey
country	The Baviaanskloof River is a river flowing through the Cape Fold Mountains of the Western Cape and eventually Eastern Cape provinces of South Africa.	Baviaanskloof River	South Africa
country	Lulua District (French: District de la Lulua) is a district located in the Kasai-Occidental province, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lulua District	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The town of 'Aliabad is the center of Ali abad District in Kunduz Province, Northern Afghanistan.	'Aliabad	Afghanistan
country	Firhøj station is a railway station serving the settlements of Firhøj and Munkerup near Gilleleje in North Zealand, Denmark.	Firhøj station	Denmark
country	Hōraisan Tōshō-gū (鳳来山東照宮) is a Shinto shrine in Shinshiro, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.	Hōraisan Tōshō-gū	Japan
country	Western Springs Stadium is a natural amphitheatre in Auckland, New Zealand.	Western Springs Stadium	New Zealand
country	Ile des Cendres is a group of submarine volcanoes located off the southeast coast of Vietnam.	Ile des Cendres	Vietnam
country	Pljevlja (Cyrillic: Пљевља, pronounced (pʎêʋʎa)) is a town and the center of Pljevlja Municipality located in the northern part of Montenegro.	Pljevlja	Montenegro
country	Al Yamamah University (YU) (Arabic: جامعة اليمامة) is a university based in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and recognized by the Ministry of Higher Education.	Al Yamamah University	Saudi Arabia
country	Congewai Creek, a watercourse of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales, Australia.	Congewai Creek	Australia
country	Öskü (pronounced (ˈøʃky)) is a village in Veszprém county, Hungary.	Öskü	Hungary
country	Odrga (pronounced (ˈoːdəɾɡa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Odrga	Slovenia
country	Imperatriz is the largest commercial crossing point, energy and economic center of Maranhão and the second largest populational, economical, political and cultural center in the state and has a strategic position not only useful to the state but also for the whole north of Brazil.	Imperatriz	Brazil
country	Salamatpur is a town in raisen district of Madhya Pradesh, India.	Salamatpur	India
country	Gromadzyn-Wykno (ɡrɔˈmad͡zɨn ˈvɨknɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gromadzyn-Wykno	Poland
country	Bahr Salamat Faunal Reserve (Réserve de faune du Bahr Salamat) is a conservation area in Chad.	Bahr Salamat Faunal Reserve	Chad
country	Singer Laren is a museum and concert hall located in the center of Laren, Netherlands.	Singer Laren	Netherlands
country	Chuquibamba (Quechua: Chuqipampa, chuqi means ``ore'' and pampa means ``plain'') is a town in southern Peru, capital of the province Condesuyos in the region Arequipa.	Chuquibamba	Peru
country	Besós power station is a combined cycle thermoelectric plant located in Sant Adrià de Besòs, suburb of Barcelona, Spain.	Besós power station	Spain
country	The King Hussein Cancer Center (KHCC) (Arabic مركز الملك حسين للسرطان), is a medical center in Amman, Jordan.	King Hussein Cancer Center	Jordan
country	Trédias (Breton: Trediarn, Gallo: Trédiarn) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Trédias	France
country	Krzemień is a mountain in the Bieszczady Mountains of southern Poland.	Krzemień	Poland
country	Mivaneh (Persian: ميوانه‎, also Romanized as Mīvāneh) is a village in Zarneh Rural District, Zarneh District, Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Mivaneh	Iran
country	Chepstow Community Hospital was opened in 2000, having been developed under the United Kingdom Government's Private Finance Initiative.	Chepstow	United Kingdom
country	Samnanger Church (Norwegian: Samnanger kyrkje) is a parish church in Samnanger municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Samnanger Church	Norway
country	Mentawai Strait separates Sumatra and Mentawai Islands, Indonesia.	Mentawai Strait	Indonesia
country	Słupsk-Redzikowo Airport (ICAO: EPSK) is a disused civil airport in Słupsk (100,000 inhabitants), northern Poland.	Słupsk-Redzikowo Airport	Poland
country	The V. P. Engel'gardt Astronomical Observatory (Russian: Астрономическая обсерватория им. В. П. Энгельгардта; also known simply as the Engelhardt Observatory), is located 20 km west of Kazan, Russia.	V. P. Engel'gardt Astronomical Observatory	Russia
country	The Dutch Fietsersbond (Cyclists' Union) is an organisation which represents the interests of cyclists in the Netherlands by working towards the expansion and improvement of bicycle friendly infrastructure.	Fietsersbond	Netherlands
country	Hrazdan Thermal Power Plant (Hrazdan TPP, Armenian: Հրազդանի ջերմաէլեկտրակայան) is a natural gas-fired power plant in the north-western part of Hrazdan in Armenia.	Hrazdan Thermal Power Plant	Armenia
country	The Oaș Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Oașului) are a small volcanic mountain range in the Inner Eastern Carpathian Mountains of the Maramureș in Romania.	Oaș Mountains	Romania
country	Deogyusan National Park (Korean: 덕유산국립공원, 德裕山國立公園) is located in the provinces of Jeollabuk-do and Gyeongsangnam-do, South Korea.	Deogyusan National Park	South Korea
country	Langebro is a bascule bridge across the Inner Harbour of Copenhagen, Denmark, connecting Zealand-side H. C. Andersens Boulevard to Amager-side Amager Boulevard.	Langebro	Denmark
country	Steinibühlweiher is a pond at Sempach in the Canton of Lucerne, Switzerland.	Steinibühlweiher	Switzerland
country	The Melville is the tallest fully residential building in western Canada.	The Melville	Canada
country	Malamba is a settlement in Kenya's Coast Province	Malamba	Kenya
country	Hwayang-dong is a dong located in west Gwangjin-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Hwayang-dong	South Korea
country	San Francisco La Unión (Spanish pronunciation: (sam fɾanˈsisko la uˈnjon)) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala, known for its large market.	San Francisco La Unión	Guatemala
country	Keri River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is in the Hindod hills.	Keri River	India
country	Tondibia is a village in Niger, north west of Niamey.	Tondibia	Niger
country	Žovnek Castle (Slovene: Žovnek, German: Sanneck) is a castle northeast of Braslovče, Slovenia.	Žovnek Castle	Slovenia
country	Mata Ayer is a small town in the middle part of Perlis, Malaysia.	Mata Ayer	Malaysia
country	Langonnet (Breton: Langoned) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Langonnet	France
country	Hasanchak (Baharawan), is a village in Barh, Patna District, Bihar, India.	Hasanchak	India
country	The San José de Guanipa Municipality, according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, has a population of 76,914 (up from 67,289 in 2000).	San José de Guanipa Municipality	Venezuela
country	Bombay Gymkhana (Marathi: मुंबई जिमख़ाना),(Hindi: बम्बई जिमख़ाना), established in 1875, is one of the premiere gymkhanas (sports arena) in the city of Mumbai, India.	Bombay Gymkhana	India
country	Hirtshals station is the main railway station serving the town of Hirtshals, Denmark.	Hirtshals station	Denmark
country	Ndere Island is a small island (4.2 km2 or 1.6 sq mi) in Winam Gulf of Lake Victoria in Kenya.	Ndere Island	Kenya
country	Okanj (Serbian Окањ) is a saline oxbow lake situated near the village of Elemir in the Zrenjanin commune, western Banat, Vojvodina Province, Serbia.	Okanj	Serbia
country	Kalejak (Persian: كلجك‎; also known as Kalejak-e ``Olyā) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 637, in 110 families.	Kalejak	Iran
country	The Sheeffry Hills or Sheeffry Mountains (from Irish: Cnoic Shíofra, meaning ``hills of the wraith'') is a range of hills in County Mayo, Ireland.	Sheeffry Hills	Ireland
country	Kampong Leav District (Khmer: ស្រុកកំពង់លាវ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province, in southeastern Cambodia.	Kampong Leav District	Cambodia
country	Candala Airport (IATA: CXN, ICAO: HCMC) is an airport serving Candala (also spelled Qandala), a town in the northeastern Bari region in Puntland, Somalia.	Candala Airport	Somalia
country	Cape Jervis Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at the headland of Cape Jervis on the most westerly part of the Fleurieu Peninsula on the east coast of Gulf St Vincent in South Australia.	Cape Jervis Lighthouse	Australia
country	Aastra Technologies Limited headquartered in Concord, Ontario, Canada, makes products and systems for accessing communication networks including the Internet.	Aastra Technologies	Canada
country	Hor Al Anz (Arabic: هور العنز ‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Hor Al Anz	United Arab Emirates
country	Thambiluvil Madhya Maha Vidyalayam (Tamil: தம்பிலுவில் மத்திய மகா வித்தியாலயம்) (also known as ′′TMMV′′ , Thambiluvil Central College or Thambiluvil National College) is a provincial school in Thambiluvil, Sri Lanka.	Thambiluvil Madhya Maha Vidyalayam	Sri Lanka
country	Kaht (Persian: كهت‎, also Romanized as Kahat; also known as Kabat) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kaht	Iran
country	Estádio Municipal Dr. Novelli Júnior, usually known as Estádio Novelli Júnior is a multi-use stadium in Itu, Brazil.	Estádio Novelli Júnior	Brazil
country	Boždarevići (Cyrillic: Бождаревићи) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Boždarevići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Red Sea Governorate (Arabic: محافظة البحر الأحمر‎ Muḥāfaẓat el Baḥr el Aḥmar) is one of the governorates of Egypt.	Red Sea Governorate	Egypt
country	Środa Wielkopolska (ˈɕrɔda vjɛlkɔˈpɔlska) (German: Schroda) is a town in central Poland, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Poznań, with 22,001 inhabitants (2009).	Środa Wielkopolska	Poland
country	Filipki Duże (fiˈlipki ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Filipki Duże	Poland
country	The Instituto Cultural Tampico (ICT) is a K-12 private school founded in 1962 by the Society of Jesus in the city of Tampico, Mexico.	Instituto Cultural Tampico	Mexico
country	Saba Bank in the Caribbean Netherlands is the largest submarine atoll in the Atlantic Ocean and has some of the richest diversity of marine life in the Caribbean Sea.	Saba Bank	Netherlands
country	La Yesca Dam is an embankment dam on the Santiago River 90 km (56 mi) northwest of Guadalajara on the border of Mexico's Nayarit and Jalisco states.	La Yesca Dam	Mexico
country	Pukiv (Ukrainian: Пуків) is a village in Rohatyn Raion, of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast (province), Ukraine.	Pukiv	Ukraine
country	In the United Kingdom national parliament, Kimmeridge is in the South Dorset parliamentary constituency which is currently represented by Richard Drax of the Conservative party.	Kimmeridge	United Kingdom
country	The Invalidenstraße is a street in Berlin, Germany.	Invalidenstraße	Germany
country	Kanadan Sanomat is a Canadian weekly Finnish language newspaper established in 2012 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, as a merger between two earlier publications both owned by Vapaa Sana Press Ltd. It is also promoting the logo KS as a shortened name particularly for online promotion.	Kanadan Sanomat	Canada
country	Little Tobago (or Bird of Paradise Island) is a small island off the northeastern coast of Tobago, and part of the republic of Trinidad and Tobago.	Little Tobago	Trinidad and Tobago
country	The Fontana dell'Acqua Paola also known as Il Fontanone (``The big fountain'') is a monumental fountain located on the Janiculum Hill, near the church of San Pietro in Montorio, in Rome, Italy.	Fontana dell'Acqua Paola	Italy
country	The Porta Hotel Antigua is a luxury colonial-style hotel in Antigua Guatemala, Guatemala.	Porta Hotel Antigua	Guatemala
country	The Quality Improvement Agency (QIA) was a non-departmental public body of the United Kingdom government whose remit was to support those institutions that provide education, but which are not schools or universities.	Quality Improvement Agency	United Kingdom
country	Piedra Blanca (literally, ``White Stone'') is a city in Monseñor Nouel province, Dominican Republic.	Piedra Blanca	Dominican Republic
country	Fareghan (Persian: فارغان‎, also Romanized as Fāreghān, Faraghān, and Fārghān; also known as Faraqān) is a city in and the capital of Fareghan District, in Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Fareghan	Iran
country	The Caverne du Pont-d'Arc is a replica of the Chauvet Cave in the commune of Vallon-Pont-d'Arc, in the department of Ardèche and in the Rhône-Alpes region of France.	Caverne du Pont-d'Arc	France
country	Głęboczyca (ɡwɛmbɔˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Głęboczyca	Poland
country	Ljutomer (pronounced (ˈljuːtɔmɛɾ); German: Luttenberg in der Steiermark) is a town in northeastern Slovenia, some 40 km east of Maribor.	Ljutomer	Slovenia
country	General Rodríguez is a city within the urban agglomeration of Greater Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	General Rodríguez	Argentina
country	Vrams Gunnarstorp Castle (Swedish: Vrams Gunnarstorps slott) is a castle in Bjuv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Vrams Gunnarstorp Castle	Sweden
country	Kolonia Łódź (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈwut͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubraniec, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kolonia Łódź	Poland
country	Shanbeh Bazar (Persian: شنبه بازار‎, also Romanized as Shanbeh Bāzār; also known as Sabzqabā) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shanbeh Bazar	Iran
country	Pavlovsky Posad (Russian: Па́вловский Поса́д) is a town and the administrative center of Pavlovo-Posadsky District in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located 68 kilometers (42 mi) from Moscow, at the confluence of the Klyazma and Vokhna Rivers.	Pavlovsky Posad	Russia
country	The City council of San Sebastián (Basque: Donostiako Udala, Spanish: Ayuntamiento de San Sebastián) is the institution that governs the Basque city of San Sebastián (Spain).	City council of San Sebastián	Spain
country	Bobovac is a fortified city of medieval Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bobovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Hagen Hauptbahnhof is a railway serving the city of Hagen in western Germany.	Hagen Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Tchien Airport (IATA: THC, ICAO: GLTN) is an airport serving the town of Zwedru, in Tchien District, Grand Gedeh County, Liberia.	Tchien Airport	Liberia
country	52 Cadogan Place was the London birthplace, childhood and family home of Harold Macmillan (1894--1986), former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (1957--1963).	Cadogan Place	United Kingdom
country	Yuri Gagarin Secondary School (Russian: Средняя школа имени Юрия Гагарина; Kyrgyz: Юрий Гагарин атындагы орто мектеби) is a secondary school in Isfana, Kyrgyzstan.	Yuri Gagarin Secondary School	Kyrgyzstan
country	Dinau is a village in the Batken Region of Kyrgyzstan, just east of the border with Tajikistan.	Dinau	Kyrgyzstan
country	Sarchu (also known as Sir Bhum Chun) is a major halt point with tented accommodation in the Himalayas on the Leh-Manali Highway, on the boundary between Himachal Pradesh and Ladakh (Jammu and Kashmir) in India.	Sarchu	India
country	Ziesar (German pronunciation: (tsiˈeːzaɐ̯)) is a town in the Potsdam-Mittelmark district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Ziesar	Germany
country	Barania Góra (Polish for ``Ram Mountain'') is a mountain in southern Poland.	Barania Góra	Poland
country	The Daily Examiner is a daily newspaper serving Grafton, New South Wales, Australia.	The Daily Examiner	Australia
country	Agyia (Greek: Αγυιά) is a neighborhood of the city of Patras, Greece.	Agyia	Greece
country	El Teúl is an important archaeological mesoamerican site located on a hill with the same name in the Teúl Municipality in the south of the Zacatecas State, Mexico, near the Jalisco State.	El Teúl	Mexico
country	The Port of Kołobrzeg (kɔˈwɔbʐɛk) (in Polish generally Port Kołobrzeg) is a Polish seaport in Kołobrzeg, Poland at the Baltic Sea located at the Parsęta river.	Port of Kołobrzeg	Poland
country	Htantabin Township (Burmese: ထန်းတပင် မြို့နယ်, pronounced: (tʰáɴdəbɪ̀ɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township located on the western border of central Yangon Region, Burma (Myanmar).	Htantabin Township	Myanmar
country	The SOMA Museum of Art, formerly Seoul Olympic Art Museum, is a museum in Seoul, South Korea.	SOMA Museum of Art	South Korea
country	Azanak-e Kukya (Persian: ازنك كوكيا‎‎, also Romanized as Āzanaḵ-e Kūḵyā) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Azanak-e Kukya	Iran
country	The Tasmanian State League (TSL), also known as the Tasmanian Football League (TFL) (formerly known as the Tasmanian Australian National Football League (TANFL) and several other short-term names) is the highest ranked Australian rules football league in Tasmania, Australia.	Tasmanian Football League	Australia
country	Golzar-e Yagan (Persian: گلزاريگن‎, also Romanized as Golzār-e Yagan; also known as Golzār) is a village in Qorqori Rural District, Qorqori District, Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Golzar-e Yagan	Iran
country	AF Hotel is a well known hotel in Azerbaijan.	AF Hotel	Azerbaijan
country	Pot Falls is a waterfall on the Essequibo River, Guyana, approximately 30 km north of Kurupukari.	Pot Falls	Guyana
country	The Central Kimberley, an interim Australian bioregion, is located in the central Kimberley region of Western Australia, comprising an area of 7,675,587 hectares (18,966,790 acres).	Central Kimberley	Australia
country	Until devolution in 1999, all Lord Advocates were, by convention, members of the United Kingdom government, although the post was not normally in the Cabinet.	Lord Advocate	United Kingdom
country	Ali Shahedan (Persian: علي شاهدان‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Shāhedān and Alī Shāhedān) is a village in Garkan-e Shomali Rural District, Pir Bakran District, Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,367, in 364 families.	Ali Shahedan	Iran
country	Zapuže pri Kostelu (pronounced (ˈzaːpuʒɛ pɾi kɔˈsteːlu)) is a small settlement northwest of Kostel in southern Slovenia.	Zapuže pri Kostelu	Slovenia
country	Pelita Harapan University (Indonesian: Universitas Pelita Harapan, UPH) is a private Christian university located in Lippo Village (ID, see: Lippo Karawaci), Tangerang, Indonesia, under Pelita Harapan Education Foundation (Indonesian: Yayasan Pendidikan Pelita Harapan).	Pelita Harapan University	Indonesia
country	Dereyleh (Persian: دريله‎, also Romanized as Darīleh; also known as Darreh Leh and Davīleh) is a village in Negel Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dereyleh	Iran
country	Enfeh(Arabic: انفه), or Enfe, Anfeh, Anfe, is an Eastern Orthodox Christian village in the Koura district of the North Governorate of Lebanon at Latitude 34°21'0``N and Longitude 35°44'0''E. Enfeh borders the villages of Chekka, Al-Qalamoun, Barghoun and Zakroun.	Enfeh	Lebanon
country	Kani Seyyed Morad (Persian: كاني سيدمراد‎, also Romanized as Kānī Seyyed Morād; also known as Kānī Şeyd Morād) is a village in Saral Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Seyyed Morad	Iran
country	Krosnowa (krɔsˈnɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Krosnowa	Poland
country	Thinali (Greek: Θινάλι) is a former municipality on the island of Corfu, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Thinali	Greece
country	Chaqa Bahar (Persian: چقابهار‎, also Romanized as Chaqā Bahār and Choqā Bahār) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chaqa Bahar	Iran
country	KV Mechelen seemed to be on its way to becoming one of the top clubs in Belgium, but quickly declined when their chairman Cordier (who owned the rights to most of their players) was forced to sell many players due to his company's bad results.	KV Mechelen	Belgium
country	Abids (Telugu: అబిడ్స్) or Abid Shop (Telugu: అబిద్ షాప్) is a major commercial center in Hyderabad, India.	Abids	India
country	The town of Unnao (Hindi: उन्नाव, Urdu: اناو') is the headquarters of Unnao district in Uttar Pradesh, India between Kanpur and Lucknow.	Unnao	India
country	The Raurimu Spiral is a single-track railway spiral, starting with a horseshoe curve, overcoming a 139-metre (456 ft) height difference, in the central North Island of New Zealand, on the North Island Main Trunk Railway.	Raurimu Spiral	New Zealand
country	The Büyük Menderes River (historically the Maeander or Meander, from Ancient Greek: Μαίανδρος, Maíandros; Turkish: Büyük Menderes Irmağı), is a river in southwestern Turkey.	Büyük Menderes River	Turkey
country	Predgrad (pronounced (ˈpɾeːdɡɾat); German: Vornschloß or Pölland) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Predgrad	Slovenia
country	Amir Seyf (Persian: اميرسيف‎, also Romanized as Amīr Seyf; also known as Amīr Seyt) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Amir Seyf	Iran
country	The Biscubio is a river in the Umbria and Marche regions of Italy.	Biscubio	Italy
country	Zərdanaşen (Armenian: Զարդանաշեն, also Zardanashen) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Zərdanaşen	Azerbaijan
country	Aydın Airport (aka Çıldır Airport) (IATA: CII, ICAO: LTBD) is an airport located in the South-East of the city of Aydın, in the Aydın Province of Turkey.	Aydın Airport	Turkey
country	The Hainan Volcanic Field is a 4,100 square kilometres (1,600 sq mi) volcanic field covering the northern half of Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Hainan Volcanic Field	People's Republic of China
country	Hodges Drive is a main west-east road in Joondalup, north of Perth, Western Australia.	Hodges Drive	Australia
country	São Jacinto Dunes Natural Reserve is a natural reserve, near Aveiro in central Portugal.	São Jacinto Dunes Natural Reserve	Portugal
country	Rosslare Strand, or simply Rosslare (Irish: Ros Láir, meaning ``the middle peninsula''), is a village and seaside resort in County Wexford, Ireland.	Rosslare Strand	Ireland
country	The Port of Honfleur, Port de Honfleur, is the harbour of the Norman town of Honfleur, France.	Port of Honfleur	France
country	The Primate's Palace (Slovak: Primaciálny palác; Hungarian: Prímási palota) is a neoclassical palace in the Old Town of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia.	Primate's Palace	Slovakia
country	Vorey (also: Vorey-sur-Arzon) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.	Vorey	France
country	Windermere Island is a small island located in The Bahamas.	Windermere Island	The Bahamas
country	Bressuire (pronounced: (bʁɛs.ɥiʁ)) is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in France.	Bressuire	France
country	Tunjice (pronounced ('tuːnjitsɛ); German: Theinitz) is a dispersed settlement in the Tunjice Hills (Slovene: Tunjiško gričevje) west of the town of Kamnik in Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Tunjice	Slovenia
country	Sky Gate Bridge R, serving the Kansai International Airport of Osaka, Japan, is the longest double-decked truss bridge in the world.	Sky Gate Bridge R	Japan
country	Ələzəpin is a village in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ələzəpin	Azerbaijan
country	The Diplomatic Forum is a Canadian government organization of countries which have diplomatic relations with Canada, including Commonwealth members.	Diplomatic Forum	Canada
country	The Mantyasih inscription (also known as Balitung charter and Kedu inscription) is an important inscription found in the village of Mateseh, North Magelang, Central Java, Indonesia.	Mantyasih inscription	Indonesia
country	Mwenge is a county of the Kyenjojo district in Uganda.	Mwenge	Uganda
country	The Bohol Island State University (BISU) formerly the Central Visayas State College of Agriculture, Forestry and Technology (CVSCAFT) is a public institution of higher learning in Bohol, Philippines.	Bohol Island State University	Philippines
country	Gaotai County (高臺县 Gāotái Xiàn) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Gaotai County	People's Republic of China
country	Gornji Orahovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Горњи Ораховац) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornji Orahovac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Monastery of San Vicente do Pino is a monastery in Monforte de Lemos, Galicia, Spain.	Monastery of San Vicente do Pino	Spain
country	Łowizowo (wɔviˈzɔvɔ) (German: Luisenseegen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łowizowo	Poland
country	Leudelange railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Leideleng, French: Gare de Leudelange, German: Bahnhof Leudelingen) is a railway station serving Leudelange, in south-western Luxembourg.	Leudelange railway station	Luxembourg
country	Karianwala Tehsil is a tehsil of Gujrat District in Punjab, Pakistan.	Karianwala Tehsil	Pakistan
country	The Ghelari mine was a large open pit, also an underground iron ore mine in the western of Romania in Hunedoara County, 20 km south-west of Hunedoara and 411 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest.	Ghelari mine	Romania
country	Wat E Kang ('Monkey Temple'; Thai: วัดอีก้าง or วัดอีค่าง) is a ruined 16th or 17th century temple in the Wiang Kum Kam archaeological complex near modern Chiang Mai in northern Thailand.	Wat E Kang	Thailand
country	The Taipei International Convention Center (TICC; Chinese: 台北國際會議中心; pinyin: Táiběi Guójì Huìyì Zhōngxīn) is an convention center in Xinyi District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei International Convention Center	Taiwan
country	The Jidir Plain (Azerbaijani: Cıdır düzü) also spelled as Jydyr Plain, is a plain in the southern part of Shusha town in the Karabakh region of Azerbaijan.	Jidir Plain	Azerbaijan
country	Dolnji Kot (pronounced (ˈdoːlnji ˈkoːt)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolnji Kot	Slovenia
country	Mila Dasht (Persian: ميلادشت‎, also Romanized as Mīla Dasht; also known as Mīlad Dasht) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mila Dasht	Iran
country	Standesamt Usch was a civil registration district (Standesamt) located in Kreis Kolmar, province of Posen of the German Empire (1871-1918) and administered the communities of:	Standesamt Usch	German Empire
country	Stormsrivier is a settlement in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Stormsrivier	South Africa
country	Malyam is a small village, Kanekal Mandal, Anantapur District in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Malyam	India
country	Rihpovec (pronounced (ˈɾiːxpɔʋəts)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills east of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Rihpovec	Slovenia
country	Ithalar is a village in the Kundah Taluk of Nilgiris District in India.	Ithalar	India
country	Railway Stadium is a football stadium in Lahore, Pakistan and is the home of the Pakistan Railway FC.	Railway Stadium	Pakistan
country	As a part of West Berlin bordering East Germany, Lübars was crossed, from 1961 to 1989, by the Berlin Wall, built beyond the Tegeler Creek (Tegeler Fließ).	Lübars	Germany
country	Tromsø Airport, Langnes (Norwegian: Tromsø lufthavn, Langnes; IATA: TOS, ICAO: ENTC) is an international airport located at Langnes in Tromsø, Norway.	Tromsø Airport, Langnes	Norway
country	The village of Konjsko is opposite the Albania-Macedonia border from Tuminec.	Tuminec	Albania
country	The Université du Québec à Rimouski (commonly referred to as UQAR) is a public university located in Rimouski, Quebec, Canada.	Université du Québec à Rimouski	Canada
country	The New Economic System was launched in the first half of 1963 in East Germany by its leader Walter Ulbricht.	New Economic System	East Germany
country	Berezhany Raion (Ukrainian: Бережанський район) is a raion (district) in the westernmost corner of Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine, area traditionally known as Halychyna (Galicia).	Berezhany Raion	Ukraine
country	William Carey Christian School (WCCS) is a private coeducational P--12 school located in Prestons, New South Wales, Australia.	William Carey Christian School	Australia
country	Vännäs Municipality (Swedish: Vännäs kommun) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden.	Vännäs Municipality	Sweden
country	Ocna de Fier (Hungarian: Vaskő, German: Eisenstein) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, in the Banat region of southwestern Romania.	Ocna de Fier	Romania
country	Viralimalai is a town located 30 km from Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India.	Viralimalai	India
country	Port Blair tehsil's population according to 2001 Census of India figures was 159,845.	Port Blair tehsil	India
country	Les Automatistes were a group of Québécois artistic dissidents from Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Les Automatistes	Canada
country	Currently one of the few non-coed residences in Canada, Marian Hall has been slated for renovation into an academic building after a new residence is completed.	Marian Hall	Canada
country	Bubión is a village in La Alpujarra region of Granada in Spain.	Bubión	Spain
country	Quito (), formally San Francisco de Quito, is the capital city of Ecuador, and at an elevation of above sea level, it is the highest official capital city in the world.	Quito	Ecuador
country	Muzaffarnagar Medical College (MMC) is a semigoverment medical provider and educational institution in western Uttar Pradesh, India.	Muzaffarnagar Medical College	India
country	Shanjia Station (Chinese: 山佳車站; pinyin: Shānjiā Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Shulin District, New Taipei, Taiwan.	Shanjia Station	Taiwan
country	Nerkin Kamarlu (also, Nerk’in Kamarlu) is a town in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Nerkin Kamarlu	Armenia
country	The Théâtre du Capitole de Toulouse is an opera house and ballet company located within the main administration buildings, the Capitole, of the city of Toulouse in south-west France.	Théâtre du Capitole	France
country	Vázquez de Molina Square, situated in Úbeda (Jaén), in the Autonomous Region of Andalusia (Spain), is one of the best examples of Renaissance architecture in Spain.	Vázquez de Molina Square	Spain
country	Shatvan (Armenian: Շատվան; also, Shatavan; formerly, Narimanlu, Agalu, and Guseyn Kuli) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Shatvan	Armenia
country	Myuna Colliery is a coal mine at Wangi Wangi, New South Wales, Australia.	Myuna Colliery	Australia
country	Dale Farm is a plot of land on Oak Lane in Crays Hill, Essex, United Kingdom.	Dale Farm	United Kingdom
country	Murawskie Nadbużne (muˈrafskʲɛ nadˈbuʐnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Murawskie Nadbużne	Poland
country	Siejew (ˈɕejɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Siejew	Poland
country	The Mississauga Marathon is an annual marathon race held in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Mississauga Marathon	Canada
country	Leeudoringstad (Afrikaans for Lion thorn city) is a small farming town situated on the main Cape Town - Johannesburg railway line in North West Province of South Africa.	Leeudoringstad	South Africa
country	Urle (ˈurlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Urle	Poland
country	Jarin (Persian: جرين‎, also Romanized as Jarīn; also known as Chārīn and Jahrim) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Jarin	Iran
country	Elšani (Macedonian: Елшани) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia situated 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south of the City of Ohrid.	Elšani	Macedonia
country	Galle railway station is a railway station in the southern city of Galle in Sri Lanka.	Galle railway station	Sri Lanka
country	Gross Barmen is a historic settlement and a recreational spa in central Namibia.	Gross Barmen	Namibia
country	Lam Nam Nan National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติลำน้ำน่าน) is a national park in Thailand's Phrae and Uttaradit provinces.	Lam Nam Nan National Park	Thailand
country	Playa de Oro International Airport (IATA: ZLO, ICAO: MMZO) is located in Manzanillo, Colima, Mexico.	Playa de Oro International Airport	Mexico
country	The Academy of Live and Recorded Arts (ALRA) is a British drama school situated on Wandsworth Common, South West London and in Wigan, Greater Manchester making it the only Drama UK drama school to offer identical training at two separate institutions across the United Kingdom.	Academy of Live and Recorded Arts	United Kingdom
country	Begum Rokeya University, Rangpur (BRUR), formerly Rangpur University, is a government financed public university in Bangladesh.	Begum Rokeya University	Bangladesh
country	Galumin (ɡaˈlumin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Galumin	Poland
country	Manuel Márquez de León International Airport (IATA: LAP, ICAO: MMLP) is an international airport located at La Paz, Baja California Sur, Mexico, near the Gulf of California.	Manuel Márquez de León International Airport	Mexico
country	The Istana Park (Chinese: 总统府公园) is a park in Singapore, located in the Museum Planning Area within the Central Area, Singapore's central business district.	Istana Park	Singapore
country	The Brno Highlands (Czech: Brněnská vrchovina, German: Brünner Bergland ) is a mountain range in Moravia, Czech Republic.	Brno Highlands	Czech Republic
country	Zeltweg Air Base, now known as Fliegerhorst Hinterstoisser, is a military airfield in Styria, Austria near Zeltweg.	Zeltweg Air Base	Austria
country	Warrens Bakery is a company based in Cornwall in the United Kingdom, which claims to be Britain's oldest Cornish pasty maker, having been established in St Just in 1860.	Warrens Bakery	United Kingdom
country	Žminj (Italian: Gimino) is a small town in Istria, Croatia, 15 km south of Pazin.	Žminj	Croatia
country	The Malabar Christian College or MCC, at Kozhikode in Kerala, India, is one of the oldest co-educational institutions in the city.	Malabar Christian College	India
country	Sir Guy Carleton Secondary School is a high school in Ottawa, Canada.	Sir Guy Carleton Secondary School	Canada
country	It is part of Schleswig-Holstein, the northernmost state of Germany.	Holstein	Germany
country	Dolenje Vrhpolje (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ˈʋəɾxpɔljɛ); German: Unterfeld) is a settlement south of Šentjernej at the foot of the Gorjanci Hills in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Vrhpolje	Slovenia
country	The Korana is a river in central Croatia and west Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Korana	Croatia	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Wappa Dam is a mass concrete gravity arch dam with earth-fill abutments and an un-gated spillway across the South Maroochy River that is located in the South East region of Queensland, Australia.	Wappa Dam	Australia
country	Bukhansan, or Bukhan Mountain, is a mountain on the northern periphery of Seoul, South Korea.	Bukhansan	South Korea
country	The Sager House (Swedish: Sagerska huset) or Sager Palace (Sagerska palatset) is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Sweden, located at Strömgatan 18 in central Stockholm.	Sager House	Sweden
country	Tarrawingee railway station is a closed railway station of the closed Bright railway line in Victoria, Australia.	Tarrawingee railway station	Australia
country	Kibingoti is a settlement in Kenya's Kirinyaga County in the former Central Province.	Kibingoti	Kenya
country	Bircza (ˈbirt͡ʂa) (Ukrainian: Бірча) is a village in Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bircza	Poland
country	Boring Road (Hindi: बोरिंग रोड) (officially Jai Prakash Narayan Path), also known as Boring Canal Road, is one of the most important thoroughfare in Patna, India, starts from the corner of Patna Women's College as an intersection to Bailey Road near Patna High Court.	Boring Road	India
country	Bugaba District (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbuɣaβa)) is a district (distrito) of Chiriquí Province in Panama.	Bugaba District	Panama
country	Mount Elgon District (Mt. Elgon District) was an administrative district in the Western Province of Kenya.	Mount Elgon District	Kenya
country	Agayakan (Russian: Агаякан) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of four settlements in Second Borogonsky Rural Okrug of Oymyakonsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Tomtor, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug, Aeroport and Kuydusun.	Agayakan	Russia
country	Zandaraq (Persian: زندرق‎) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam-e Shomali Rural District, Khvoresh Rostam District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Zandaraq	Iran
country	Arakül (Armenian: Առաքել Arakel) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan and Hadrut Province of the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic.	Arakül	Azerbaijan
country	CKNW owned by Corus Entertainment, is the second highest-rated talk radio station in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	CKNW	Canada
country	Wólka Oleśnicka (ˈvulka ɔlɛɕˈnit͡ska) is a hamlet of village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka Oleśnicka	Poland
country	Banská Bystrica mesto railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Banská Bystrica mesto) serves the city of Banská Bystrica in central Slovakia.	Banská Bystrica mesto railway station	Slovakia
country	The Apostolic Nunciature in Ottawa is the home of the Papal Nuncio to Canada.	Apostolic Nunciature in Ottawa	Canada
country	Bloemfontein Airport (IATA: BFN, ICAO: FABL) is located in Bloemfontein, a city in the Free State province of South Africa.	Bloemfontein Airport	South Africa
country	Sobiemirowo (sɔbjɛmiˈrɔvɔ) (German: Schwarzsee) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławoborze, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sobiemirowo	Poland
country	Puzdrowski Młyn (puzˈdrɔfski ˈmwɨn) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Puzdrowski Młyn	Poland
country	Liverpool Land is a peninsula in eastern Greenland.	Liverpool Land	Greenland
country	North China University of Technology (simplified Chinese: 北方工业大学; traditional Chinese: 北方工業大學; pinyin: běifāng gōngyè dàxué) is a university in Shijingshan District, Western Beijing, People's Republic of China.	North China University of Technology	People's Republic of China
country	Hejtmánkovice (German: Hauptmannsdorf) is a village and municipality in Náchod District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic.	Hejtmánkovice	Czech Republic
country	Baliarrain is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, in northern Spain.	Baliarrain	Spain
country	The Tramweg Maatschappij De Graafschap was a 750 mm (2 ft 5 1⁄2 in) gauge steam tram that operated over 18.9 kilometres (11.7 mi) between Zutphen, Warnsveld and Hengelo, Gelderland in the Netherlands.	Tramweg Maatschappij De Graafschap	Netherlands
country	The Minister of Technology was a position in the government of the United Kingdom, sometimes abbreviated as ``MinTech''.	Minister of Technology	United Kingdom
country	The Großer Ölberg (also: Oelberg), at 460 metres above sea level, is the highest hill in the Siebengebirge range in Germany.	Großer Ölberg	Germany
country	Baia Sprie (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌbaja ˈspri.e); Hungarian: Felsőbánya, German: Mittelstadt) is a town in the Maramureş County, northern Romania.	Baia Sprie	Romania
country	Velenje (pronounced (ʋɛˈlɛːnjɛ); also known by other alternative names) is Slovenia's fifth-largest city, and the seat of the Municipality of Velenje.	Velenje	Slovenia
country	Pećani (Serbian Cyrillic: Пећани) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Pećani	Serbia
country	Kakar Khurasan Subdistrict or Kakkar Subdistrict is an administrative division of Zhob District, Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Kakar Khurasan Subdistrict	Pakistan
country	Bagh Avaz (Persian: باغ عوض‎, also Romanized as Bāgh ``Avaẕ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 24 families.	Bagh Avaz	Iran
country	The Żarnowiec Pumped Storage Power Station is located about 7 km (4.3 mi) south of Żarnowiec in Puck County, northern Poland.	Żarnowiec Pumped Storage Power Station	Poland
country	Piwoda (pʲiˈvɔda) (Ukrainian: Пивода, Pyvoda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązownica, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Piwoda	Poland
country	The Château de Brissac is a French château in the commune of Brissac-Quincé, located in the département of Maine-et-Loire, France.	Château de Brissac	France
country	Plimmer Towers is a high-rise office and hotel complex in central Wellington, New Zealand.	Plimmer Towers	New Zealand
country	Czeladź (ˈt͡ʂɛlat͡ɕ) is a town in Zagłębie Dąbrowskie (part of historic Lesser Poland), in southern Poland, near Katowice and Sosnowiec.	Czeladź	Poland
country	San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore is a mountain hill town in the province of Pescara, part of the Abruzzo region in central Italy.	San Valentino in Abruzzo Citeriore	Italy
country	Balao is a town located in southern Guayas, Ecuador, near Azuay and El Oro provinces.	Balao	Ecuador
country	Madonna di Campiglio (German: Sankt Maria im Pein) is a village and a ski resort in northeast Italy.	Madonna di Campiglio	Italy
country	Mount Sumagaya is a mountain on the northern part of the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.	Mount Sumagaya	Philippines
country	Kayamandi is a suburb of Stellenbosch in the Western Cape province of South Africa located off route R304.	Kayamandi	South Africa
country	Dreger Harbour is a harbour south of Finschhafen, Papua New Guinea.	Dreger Harbour	Papua New Guinea
country	Baba Vida (Bulgarian: Баба Вида) is a medieval fortress in Vidin in northwestern Bulgaria and the town's primary landmark.	Baba Vida	Bulgaria
country	Kachkul (Persian: كچكول‎, also Romanized as Kachkūl) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kachkul	Iran
country	Lai Blos or Lais Blos are two small lakes on Alp Flix, at an elevation of 1960 m, in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Lai Blos	Switzerland
country	Vastas (Greek: Βάστας, also Βάστα - Vasta) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Vastas	Greece
country	The Don Roman Santos Building is a Neoclassical building located along the historic Escolta Street in Binondo, Manila, Philippines.	Don Roman Santos Building	Philippines
country	Ayadaw is a town and seat of Ayadaw Township in the Sagaing Division in Myanmar.	Ayadaw	Myanmar
country	Octeville-sur-Mer is a commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Haute-Normandie region in northern France and is twinned with Bourne End (Bucks) in United Kingdom since 2003 and with Furci Siculo (Sicily) in Italy since 2010.	Octeville-sur-Mer	France
country	Unichira is an area that is located in the Kalamassery municipality, Kerala, India.	Unichira	India
country	The Woody Cape Nature Reserve is a 25,000 hectare conservation area in Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Woody Cape Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	Borovčići (Serbian Cyrillic: Боровчићи) is a village in the municipality of Nevesinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Borovčići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Husky Prince George Refinery is a light oil refinery located in the city of Prince George, British Columbia, Canada owned by Husky Energy.	Prince George Refinery	Canada
country	Badranlu Rural District (Persian: دهستان بدرانلو‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Badranlu Rural District	Iran
country	Kang County or Kangxian (simplified Chinese: 康县; traditional Chinese: 康縣; pinyin: Kāng Xiàn) is an administrative district in Gansu, the People's Republic of China.	Kang County	People's Republic of China
country	The Panasonic Theatre is a live theatre owned and operated by Mirvish Productions in Toronto, Canada.	Panasonic Theatre	Canada
country	Chowalan (Persian: چوالان‎, also Romanized as Chowālān; also known as Chowlān) is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chowalan	Iran
country	Pa Baz (Persian: پاباز‎, also Romanized as Pā Bāz; also known as Pā Bār and Pā yi Bāz) is a village in Ghazali Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pa Baz	Iran
country	Husiatyn (Ukrainian: Гусятин) is an urban-type settlement in the Ternopil Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Husiatyn	Ukraine
country	Jalan Temoh (Perak state route A116) is a major road in Perak, Malaysia.	Jalan Temoh	Malaysia
country	Shamsa Pur is a village in Surkh-Rod District, Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan, located about 5 km downstream from Zargaran.	Shamsa Pur	Afghanistan
country	Birpath is a village in Achham District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.	Birpath	Nepal
country	Santa Rosa de Calchines (commonly shortened to Santa Rosa) is a town (comuna) in the center of the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Santa Rosa de Calchines	Argentina
country	Rava-Ruska (Ukrainian: Рава-Руська, translit. Rava-Rus'ka; Polish: Rawa Ruska; Yiddish: ראווע‎, Rave) is a city in Zhovkva Raion, Lviv Oblast of western Ukraine.	Rava-Ruska	Ukraine
country	The The Classic Flyers Museum is an aviation museum located at the Tauranga Airport, Mount Maunganui, New Zealand, owned by a registered New Zealand charitable trust, the Bay of Plenty Classic Aircraft Trust.	Classic Flyers Museum	New Zealand
country	Mazghu (Persian: مازغو‎, also Romanized as Māzghū) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Mazghu	Iran
country	Bajo Baudó (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbaxo βauˈðo)) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	Bajo Baudó	Colombia
country	Palazzo Adriano (Sicilian: Palazzu) is a town and comune in the province of Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Palazzo Adriano	Italy
country	La Défense () is a major business district of the Paris Metropolitan Area and of the Île-de-France region, located in the commune of Courbevoie, and parts of Puteaux and Nanterre, just west of the city of Paris.	La Défense	France
country	The Mangapohue Natural Bridge consists of two rock arches formed by the Mangapohue Stream in the Marokopa River valley near Waitomo, New Zealand.	Mangapohue Natural Bridge	New Zealand
country	Behesht-e Zahra (Persian: بهشت زهرا‎‎,The Paradise of Zahara), is the largest cemetery in Iran.	Behesht-e Zahra	Iran
country	Świeradów-Zdrój (ɕfjɛˈraduf ˈzdrui̯) (German: Bad Flinsberg) is a spa town in Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland near the border with the Czech Republic.	Świeradów-Zdrój	Poland
country	Calgary-North Hill was a provincial electoral district in Alberta, Canada.	Calgary-North Hill	Canada
country	Pęperzyn (pɛmˈpɛʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Więcbork, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pęperzyn	Poland
country	The Monastery of San Paio de Abeleda is a medieval monastery built in the 12th century located 2 km from Abeleda, in the Galician province of Orense, Spain.	Monastery of San Paio de Abeleda	Spain
country	Muyu Urqu (Quechua muyu circle, urqu mountain, ``circle mountain'', hispanicized spellings Muyuorco, Muyuorcco, Muyu Orcco, Muyu Orco, also Muyu Orqo, Muyuorqo, Muyu Urqo) is an archaeological site and a prominent hill in Peru.	Muyu Urqu	Peru
country	Chagyr is a mountain village in Osh Region of Kyrgyzstan, near highway M41.	Chagyr	Kyrgyzstan
country	Forsmark is a village with 59 inhabitants on the east coast of Uppland, Sweden.	Forsmark	Sweden
country	Lož Castle (Slovene: Grad Lož, German: Schloss Laas), also known as Pusti Grad (``Waste Castle''), is a castle ruin above the settlement of Lož in central Slovenia's Lož Valley.	Lož Castle	Slovenia
country	Viner Sound is a sound on the northwest side of Gilford Island and northeast of Baker Island in the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Viner Sound	Canada
country	The Rotorua Branch is a railway line from Putaruru to Rotorua, in the Waikato and Bay of Plenty regions of the North Island of New Zealand.	Rotorua Branch	New Zealand
country	Billom (French pronunciation: ​(bijɔ̃)) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in central France.	Billom	France
country	Tejen Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: تجنكلاسفلي‎, also Romanized as Tejen Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Tejen Kolā) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tejen Kola-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Biella San Paolo railway station (Italian: Stazione di Biella San Paolo) is the main station serving the town and comune of Biella, in the Piedmont region, northwestern Italy.	Biella San Paolo railway station	Italy
country	Brittany (/ˈbrɪtənɪ/; French: Bretagne (bʁə.taɲ); Breton: Breizh, pronounced (bʁɛjs) or (bʁɛχ); Gallo: Bertaèyn, pronounced (bəʁ.taɛɲ)) is a cultural region in the north-west of France.	Brittany	France
country	Hadid (Hebrew: חָדִיד) is a moshav in central Israel.	Hadid	Israel
country	Sarab-e Sheykh Ali (Persian: سراب شيخ عالي‎‎, also romanized as Sarāb-e Sheykh ``Ālī and Sarāb Shaikh ``Ali) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 480, in 95 families.	Sarab-e Sheykh Ali	Iran
country	The Oxford College of Science is a science college located in Bangalore, India under the The Oxford Educational Institutions.	Oxford College of Science	India
country	Tang-i-Dugar (Persian: تنگ دوگر‎, also Romanized as Tang-i-Dūgar; also known as Dowgar Kalgeleh-ye Pā’īn, Dowgar, and Dowgar Kalgeh) is a village in Veysian Rural District, Veysian District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tang-i-Dugar	Iran
country	The Shire of Exmouth is a local government area in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia, about 1,000 kilometres (621 mi) north of the state capital, Perth.	Shire of Exmouth	Australia
country	The Furchetta is a mountain of the Geisler group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Furchetta	Italy
country	The Saskatoon Teachers' College, originally called the Saskatoon Normal School, was a facility in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada for training teachers.	Saskatoon Teachers' College	Canada
country	San José de Uré is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba Department, northern Colombia.	San José de Uré	Colombia
country	Ras Abu Jarjur is a reverse osmosis water desalination plant in Bahrain.	Ras Abu Jarjur	Bahrain
country	Schieren is a commune and town in central Luxembourg.	Schieren	Luxembourg
country	Cellara (Greek: Kellaros) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	Cellara	Italy
country	Kątna (ˈkɔntna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kątna	Poland
country	Aimetis is headquartered in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada and has regional offices in Dubai, Frankfurt, São Paulo, and Shanghai.	Aimetis	Canada
country	Biłgoraj (bʲiwˈɡɔraj) (Yiddish: בילגאריי‎, Bilgoray) is a town in south-eastern Poland with about 27,100 inhabitants (2014).	Biłgoraj	Poland
country	The Strasbourg European Fantastic Film Festival (SEFFF) (French: Festival Européen du Film Fantastique de Strasbourg (FEFFS)), is an annual film festival held in Strasbourg, France, that focus on fantasy, science fiction and horror films.	Strasbourg European Fantastic Film Festival	France
country	Bagh-e Mugach (Persian: باغ موگچ‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Mūgach) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Mugach	Iran
country	The museum Papalote Museo del Niño is located in Mexico City Bosques de Chapultepec.	Papalote Museo del Niño	Mexico
country	Slovenian Spirit operated flights on the Styrian Spirit network connecting Maribor Airport in Slovenia with Salzburg in Austria, and Paris.	Slovenian Spirit	Austria
country	Lac de Sylans is a lake at Le Poizat in the Ain department, France.	Lac de Sylans	France
country	Siladice (Hungarian: Szilád) is a village and municipality in Hlohovec District in the Trnava Region of western Slovakia.	Siladice	Slovakia
country	The Mudgee Guardian and Gulgong Advertiser is an English language newspaper published in Mudgee, New South Wales, Australia.	Mudgee Guardian and Gulgong Advertiser	Australia
country	The Saidu Teaching Hospital, in Swat, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan is the 5th largest teaching hospital and institution of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa situated at Saidu Sharif.	Saidu Teaching Hospital	Pakistan
country	James Fallon High School is a co-educational public school located in Albury, NSW, Australia.	James Fallon High School	Australia
country	The Red Cow interchange is a major road junction in west Dublin, Ireland on the M50, meeting the N7 Naas Road (to Cork and Limerick) at a free-flow grade separated junction which incorporates a light railway line.	Red Cow interchange	Ireland
country	Penguin High School was a public, co-educational high school, in Penguin, Tasmania, Australia, a town located midway between of Burnie and Ulverstone.	Penguin High School	Australia
country	Krajna is a forested historical region in Poland, situated in the border area between the Greater Poland, Kuyavian-Pomeranian and Pomeranian Voivodeships.	Krajna	Poland
country	Chubrika (Bulgarian: Чубрика) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Chubrika	Bulgaria
country	Kalabakan is a small township and also a parliamentary constituency in Sabah, Malaysia.	Kalabakan	Malaysia
country	Doupě (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdou̯pjɛ)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Doupě	Czech Republic
country	Golgir (Persian: گلگير‎, also Romanized as Golgīr) is a village in Tombi Golgir Rural District, Golgir District, Masjed Soleyman County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Golgir	Iran
country	Musakücə (also, Musakyudzha) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Musakücə	Azerbaijan
country	Palitai (or Palite, Parittei, Pattei) is the traditional knife of the Mentawai people, originating from the Mentawai Islands off West Sumatra, Indonesia.	Palitai	Indonesia
country	Slovak wine is produced in the southern part of Slovakia, which is divided into 6 wine-producing areas.	Slovak wine	Slovakia
country	Smolensky Metro Bridge (Russian: Смоленский метромост, Metromost) is a steel arch bridge that spans Moskva River in Dorogomilovo District of Moscow, Russia.	Smolensky Metro Bridge	Russia
country	Bientina experiences a Mediterranean Climate like other cities in Central Italy.	Bientina	Italy
country	Dinosaur Provincial Park is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located about two-and-a-half hours drive southeast of Calgary, Alberta, Canada, or 48 kilometres (30 mi), about a half-hour drive northeast of Brooks.	Dinosaur Provincial Park	Canada
country	Huai Nam Dang National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติห้วยน้ำดัง) is a national park in Thailand's Chiang Mai and Mae Hong Son Provinces.	Huai Nam Dang National Park	Thailand
country	Putalibazar, formerly Syangja, is a municipality and district headquarters of Syangja which lies at Adhikhola Valley in Syangja District, Gandaki Zone, Western Region of Nepal.	Putalibazar	Nepal
country	Azerbaijan Museum is the major archaeological and historical museum in Tabriz, in the northwest part of Iran (East Azerbaijan province).	Azerbaijan Museum	Iran
country	The Archaeological site of Cabeço do Vouga (Portuguese: Estação arqueológica do Cabeço do Vouga), also known as Castelium Marnelis, is an archaeological site in civil parish union of Trofa, Segadães e Lamas do Vouga, in the municipality of Águeda, in central Portugal.	Archaeological site of Cabeço do Vouga	Portugal
country	The Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Botanical Garden (sometimes shortened to the SSR Botanical Garden), commonly known as the Pamplemousses Botanical Garden, is a popular tourist attraction in Pamplemousses, near Port Louis, Mauritius, and the oldest botanical garden in the Southern Hemisphere.	Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam Botanical Garden	Mauritius
country	Janiewice (jaɲɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Janiewice	Poland
country	Echenbrunn Abbey (German: Kloster Echenbrunn) was a Benedictine monastery located at Echenbrunn, now part of Gundelfingen an der Donau in Bavaria, Germany.	Echenbrunn Abbey	Germany
country	Matinkylä (Finnish) or Mattby (Swedish) is one of the major urban areas of Espoo, a city on the southern coast of Finland.	Matinkylä	Finland
country	Hirtshals Municipality was a municipality (Danish: kommune) in Denmark.	Hirtshals Municipality	Denmark
country	Dorah Pass, also called Durah Pass, connects Badakshan Province of Afghanistan with Chitral District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Dorah Pass	Afghanistan	Pakistan
country	Ranelagh (/ˈrænᵻlə/ RAN-ə-lə, locally pronounced /ˈrɛnələ/; Irish: Raghnallach) is a residential area and urban village on the south side of Dublin, Ireland.	Ranelagh	Ireland
country	Tieling (simplified Chinese: 铁岭; traditional Chinese: 鐵嶺; pinyin: Tiělíng; literally: ``iron peak'') is a prefecture-level city in northeastern Liaoning province of the People's Republic of China.	Tieling	People's Republic of China
country	The Coral Sea is a marginal sea of the South Pacific off the northeast coast of Australia, and classified as an interim Australian bioregion.	Coral Sea	Australia
country	According to the United Kingdom Census 2001, the Civil Parish of Bridekirk (which covers a larger area than Bridekirk village) has a population of 636 and 246 households in total.	Bridekirk	United Kingdom
country	Inallu (Persian: ايناللو‎, also Romanized as Īnāllū; also known as Īnānlū and Dānīānlī) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Inallu	Iran
country	The Ayer Rajah Expressway (Abbreviation: AYE) extends from the western end of the Marina Coastal Expressway in the south of Singapore to Tuas in the west near the Tuas Second Link to Malaysia.	Ayer Rajah Expressway	Singapore
country	The Changxing Railway Station (Chinese: 长兴站) is a high-speed railway station located in northeast Changxing, Zhejiang, People's Republic of China, serving the Ninghang Passenger Railway.	Changxing Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Alessano (Greek: Ἀλεξιανόν) is a town, comune, former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see in the province of Lecce, part of Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Alessano	Italy
country	The Timan-Pechora Basin is a sedimentary basin located between Timan Range and the Ural Mountains in northern Russia.	Timan-Pechora Basin	Russia
country	The Loire (French pronunciation: ​(lwaʁ); Occitan: Léger; Breton: Liger) is the longest river in France.	Loire	France
country	The Steinalm Formation is a geologic formation in the Northern Limestone Alps, in Austria.	Steinalm Formation	Austria
country	New Edinburgh is a neighbourhood in Rideau-Rockcliffe Ward, in Ottawa, Canada.	New Edinburgh	Canada
country	Woraksan National Park (Korean: 월악산국립공원, 月岳山國立公園) is located in the provinces of Chungcheongbuk-do and Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.	Woraksan National Park	South Korea
country	Forosna (Ukrainian: Форосна; Romanian: Forostna) is a commune (selsoviet) in Novoselytsia Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Forosna	Ukraine
country	Cvetkova Pijaca or colloquially Cvetko (Serbian Cyrillic: Цветкова пијаца) is an open green market and an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Cvetkova Pijaca	Serbia
country	Ólafs ríma Haraldssonar is a 14th-century ríma by Einarr Gilsson on the career of Saint Óláfr Haraldsson of Norway.	Ólafs ríma Haraldssonar	Norway
country	The Ora Arena is the first purpose-built live entertainment venue in Turkey with a capacity of up to 6,500.	Ora Arena	Turkey
country	Wólka-Mogielnica (ˈvulka mɔɡʲɛlˈnit͡sa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wólka-Mogielnica	Poland
country	Xanalıyan (also, Xanalyan and Khanalyan) is a village and municipality in the Masally Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xanalıyan	Azerbaijan
country	Yavne-Yam (Hebrew: יבנה ים‎, also spelled Yavneh-Yam, literally Yavne-Sea) or Minet Rubin (Arabic, literally Port of Rubin, referring to biblical Reuben) is an archaeological site located on Israel's southern Mediterranean coast, about 15 km south of Tel Aviv.	Yavne-Yam	Israel
country	Khalaj-e Kord (Persian: خلج كرد‎) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District, in the Central District of Showt County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khalaj-e Kord	Iran
country	Keno Daas (rock carvings) is an archaeological site in Gilgit, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Keno Daas (rock carvings)	Pakistan
country	Belo sur Tsiribihina Airport (IATA: BMD, ICAO: FMML) is an airport serving Belo sur Tsiribihina, in the Toliara Province of Madagascar.	Belo sur Tsiribihina Airport	Madagascar
country	HELP International Corporation (MYX: 7236) is a public listed company on Bursa Malaysia.	HELP International Corporation	Malaysia
country	Uvs Lake (Mongolian: Увс нуур; Tuvan: Успа-Хөл) is a highly saline lake in an endorheic basin - Uvs Nuur Basin in Mongolia with a small part in Russia.	Uvs Lake	Russia
country	Haggardstown is a townland located on the outskirts of Dundalk, Ireland.	Haggardstown	Ireland
country	Ərəbşalbaş (also, Arabshalbash) is a village and the most populous municipality in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbşalbaş	Azerbaijan
country	Quality Distributors is a football (soccer) club in Guam.	Quality Distributors	Guam
country	North Melbourne railway station is located on the northern edge of the central business district of Melbourne, Australia.	North Melbourne railway station	Australia
country	Veľký Rozsutec (1,609.7 m; 5,281.17 ft AMSL) is a mountain situated in the Malá Fatra mountain range in the Žilina Region, Slovakia.	Veľký Rozsutec	Slovakia
country	Sir Charles Tupper Secondary School is a public secondary school located in central Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Sir Charles Tupper Secondary School	Canada
country	Choga Mami is a Samarran settlement site in Diyala province in Southern Iraq in the Mandali region.	Choga Mami	Iraq
country	The Västra Strö 2 Runestone, listed as DR 335 in the Rundata catalog, is a Viking Age memorial runestone located at the Västra Strö Monument, which is at a church that is about four kilometers northwest of Eslöv, Skåne County, Sweden.	Västra Strö 2 Runestone	Sweden
country	Øyrane is a neighborhood in the town of Førde in the municipality of Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway, just west of the town center.	Øyrane	Norway
country	Orbest Orizonia Airlines, S.A., formerly Iberworld Airlines, S.A., was an airline with its head office in the Edificio Orizionia Corporación in Palma de Mallorca, Spain.	Orbest Orizonia Airlines	Spain
country	Dongducheon Station (formerly Dongan) is a metro station located in Dongducheon, South Korea.	Dongducheon Station	South Korea
country	Karmir Aghek (Armenian: Կարմիր Աղեկ) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Karmir Aghek	Armenia
country	Omar Mel (Persian: عمرمل‎, also Romanized as ``Omar Mel) is a village in Baladarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 296, in 63 families.	Omar Mel	Iran
country	Byranattalakh (Russian: Быранатталах) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of three settlements in Ariktakhsky Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Mastakh, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug and Second Mastakh.	Byranattalakh	Russia
country	Mazraeh-ye Kushkabad (Persian: مزرعه كوشك اباد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kūshkābād) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kushkabad	Iran
country	Prince of Songkla University (Thai: มหาวิทยาลัยสงขลานครินทร์; rtgs: Mahawitthayalai Songkhla Nakharin) is the first university in southern Thailand, established in 1967.	Prince of Songkla University	Thailand
country	METZ is a noise rock band formed in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and based in Toronto.	METZ	Canada
country	The South Kara basin is part of the Arctic shelf of Russia, associated with the Kara Sea.	South Kara basin	Russia
country	Tiranchi (Persian: تيرانچي‎, also Romanized as Tīrānchī; also known as Tīrūnchin) is a village in Marbin-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyni Shahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tiranchi	Iran
country	Nivernais (French pronunciation: ​(nivɛʁnɛ)) is a former province of France, around the city of Nevers, which forms the modern département of Nièvre.	Nivernais	France
country	Talab Darreh (Persian: تلاب دره‎, also Romanized as Talāb Darreh) is a village in Shanderman Rural District, Shanderman District, Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Talab Darreh	Iran
country	The Great Living Chola Temples are temples built during the Chola rule in the south of India and neighboring islands.	Great Living Chola Temples	India
country	Sirch (Persian: سيرچ‎, also Romanized as Sīrch and Sīroch; also known as Sirj and Sirūj) is a village in Sirch Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sirch	Iran
country	Nevado de Cachi is the name given to a large complex of mountains that lies in the region of Salta (Northern Argentina).	Nevado de Cachi	Argentina
country	Urdu Hall is a Urdu language promotion institution located in Hyderabad, India.	Urdu Hall	India
country	Divoká Šárka (Czech pronunciation: (ˈɟɪvokaː ˈʃaːrka); Wild Šárka) is a nature reserve on the northwestern outskirts of Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic.	Divoká Šárka	Czech Republic
country	The Paranoá Island (Portuguese: Ilha do Paranoá) is the largest of the three islands of Lake Paranoá in Brasília, Distrito Federal, Brazil.	Paranoá Island	Brazil
country	Kunów Lake is small lake in Lubartów County in Poland near Lake Firlej.	Kunów Lake	Poland
country	Bógpomóż Nowy (bukˈpɔmuʂ ˈnɔvɨ) (German: Neuhelfgott) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowniki, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bógpomóż Nowy	Poland
country	Stinatz (Croatian: Stinjaki, Hungarian: Pásztorháza) is a town in the district of Güssing in Burgenland in Austria.	Stinatz	Austria
country	The Gulf of Aden (Arabic: خليج عدن‎ Ḫalīǧ ʻAdan, Somali: Gacanka Cadmeed) is a gulf located in the Arabian Sea between Yemen, on the south coast of the Arabian Peninsula, and Somalia in the Horn of Africa.	Gulf of Aden	Yemen
country	Varangerhalvøya National Park (Norwegian: Varangerhalvøya nasjonalpark) lies on the Varanger Peninsula in Finnmark county, Norway.	Varangerhalvøya National Park	Norway
country	Bocicoiu Mare (Hungarian: Nagybocskó or Újbocskó; Ukrainian: Великий Бичків) is a commune in Maramureş County, Romania.	Bocicoiu Mare	Romania
country	A Lưới Camp (also known as A Lưới Special Forces Camp, LZ Stallion or Ta Bat Airfield) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base in the A Sầu Valley southwest of Huế in the Central Highlands of Vietnam.	A Lưới Camp	Vietnam
country	The Danube Banovina or Danube Banate (Serbo-Croatian: Дунавска бановина; Dunavska banovina), was a banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1929 and 1941.	Danube Banovina	Kingdom of Yugoslavia
country	Soltan Ahmad (Persian: سلطان احمد‎, also Romanized as Solţān Aḩmad) is a village in Lakestan Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Soltan Ahmad	Iran
country	The Quatuor Bozzini is a string quartet that specializes in new and experimental music based in Montreal, Canada.	Quatuor Bozzini	Canada
country	Gradišče pri Litiji (pronounced (ɡɾaˈdiːʃtʃɛ pɾi liˈtiːji)) is a village east of Litija in central Slovenia.	Gradišče pri Litiji	Slovenia
country	Besiberri Nord is a mountain of the Massís del Besiberri, Catalonia, Spain.	Besiberri Nord	Spain
country	Sa-nga Ban (Thai: สง่าบ้าน) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Doi Saket District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Sa-nga Ban	Thailand
country	The Groot Letaba River headwater streams originate in the Drakensberg Escarpment, descending in long runs with an occasional riffle or pool, mostly in the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Groot Letaba River	South Africa
country	Nikiti (Greek: Νικήτη) is a village located 100 kilometers south-east from Thessaloniki on the Chalkidiki peninsula in Macedonia, Greece.	Nikiti	Greece
country	Shun Bacheh (Persian: شون بچه‎, also Romanized as Shūn Bacheh) is a village in Saroleh Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shun Bacheh	Iran
country	Libeň (German: Lieben) is a Cadastral area and district of Prague, Czech Republic.	Libeň	Czech Republic
country	Teviotville Tree is a large Moreton Bay fig tree in Teviotville, Queensland, Australia that featured in the movie L'Arbre (in French) or The Tree in English.	Teviotville Tree	Australia
country	Cismar Abbey (Kloster Cismar) was a Benedictine monastery located at Cismar near Grömitz, Schleswig-Holstein, in Germany.	Cismar Abbey	Germany
country	Butwal (Nepali: बुटवल) is a sub-metropolitan city and the urban core of a rapidly growing urban agglomerate in Nepal.	Butwal	Nepal
country	Wieprza (German: Wipper), a river in north-western Poland, is a tributary of the Baltic Sea, with a length of 112 kilometers and a basin area of 2,170km².	Wieprza	Poland
country	Saschiz (German: Keisd; Hungarian: Szászkézd, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsaːskeːsd); Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Kisd) is a commune in Mureş County, Romania.	Saschiz	Romania
country	XENLT-AM (branded as Radio Fórmula) is an AM station that serves the Laredo, Texas, USA and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico border area.	XENLT-AM	Mexico
country	Fischen im Allgäu is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.	Fischen	Germany
country	Torch Trinity Graduate University (TTGU) (Korean: 횃불트리니티신학대학원대학교) is an evangelical graduate school and seminary in Yangjae-dong, Seocho District, Seoul, South Korea.	Torch Trinity Graduate University	South Korea
country	Kidarakulam is a village in Alangulam Taluk in Tirunelveli district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Kidarakulam	India
country	Dolná Ves (before 1948(?): Šváb, older: Šváby; German: Schwabendorf; Hungarian: Sváb) is a village and municipality in Žiar nad Hronom District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Dolná Ves	Slovakia
country	The Commission's remit has on occasion extended beyond Australia, such as when the Commission worked jointly with the newly formed New Zealand Productivity Commission on a study into Trans-Tasman Economic Relations in 2012.	Productivity Commission	Australia
country	Nyagondo is a small market centre in Gem Constituency, Siaya County, in the Republic of Kenya.	Nyagondo	Kenya
country	Tushia (Hebrew: תּוּשִׁיָּה, lit. Wisdom, Being Resourceful) is a religious communal settlement in southern Israel.	Tushia	Israel
country	Hospital Pantai Mutiara is a 250 bed hospital located in Bayan Baru, Penang, Malaysia.	Hospital Pantai Mutiara	Malaysia
country	Bluewaters Island is a development project under construction 500 metres (1,600 ft) off the Jumeirah Beach Residence coastline, near Dubai Marina, in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Bluewaters Island	United Arab Emirates
country	The Union of Centrists (Greek: Ένωση Κεντρώων, Enosi Kentroon) is a political party in Greece.	Union of Centrists	Greece
country	Fukche Advanced Landing Ground is one of the numerous Advanced Landing Grounds built in India during and after the 1962 Sino-Indian War.	Fukche	India
country	The Istituto Superiore Mario Boella (ISMB) is a center for applied research in the fields of telecommunication engineering and information and communication technologies located in Turin, Italy.	Istituto Superiore Mario Boella	Italy
country	The 2007 French Grand Prix (formally the XCIII Grand Prix de France) was a Formula One motor race held on July 1, 2007 at the Circuit de Nevers Magny-Cours, Magny-Cours, France.	2007 French Grand Prix	France
country	Tikanlu (Persian: تيكانلو‎, also Romanized as Tīkānlū) is a village in Emam Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tikanlu	Iran
country	Annweiler am Trifels ( ), or Annweiler is a town in the Südliche Weinstraße district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Annweiler am Trifels	Germany
country	Mind's Eye Productions was a video game developer based out of the United Kingdom.	Mind's Eye Productions	United Kingdom
country	Uqair (Arabic:عقير) is an ancient fort of Islamic origin, located in the Eastern province of Saudi Arabia.	Uqair	Saudi Arabia
country	The Washwash River is a river in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing generally west out of the Pacific Ranges into the Tzeo River just ahove the Tzeo's mouth into the head of Owikeno Lake.	Washwash River	Canada
country	Sar Chaqa (Persian: سرچغا‎, also Romanized as Sar Chaqā, Sar Choghā, Sar Choqā, and Sarchūqāh) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sar Chaqa	Iran
country	Ovu is a town in central Nigeria	Ovu	Nigeria
country	Hualaihué Airport (ICAO: SCHW) is a public use airport located 1 kilometre (1 mi) south-southwest of Hualaihué, Los Lagos, Chile.	Hualaihué Airport	Chile
country	Maasdonk ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the southern Netherlands that existed from 1993 until January 1, 2015, when it was merged into the existing municipalities of 's-Hertogenbosch and Oss.	Maasdonk	Netherlands
country	Armour Heights Field was home to a Royal Flying Corps airfield in Toronto, Canada during World War I, and was one of three in the area.	Armour Heights Field	Canada
country	The Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests is a temperate broadleaf forest ecoregion found in the middle elevations of the eastern Himalayas, including parts of Nepal, India, and Bhutan.	Eastern Himalayan broadleaf forests	Bhutan
country	Samothrace was not a state of any political significance in ancient Greece, since it has no natural harbour and most of the island is too mountainous for cultivation:	Samothrace	Greece
country	Matajur (pronounced (mataˈjuːɾ)) is a 1642 m mountain in the Julian Alps on the border between Italy and Slovenia.	Matajur	Italy	Slovenia
country	Some of the Kali'na people live in the Cuyuni River valley, part of which is in Guyana.	Cuyuni River	Guyana
country	Wołosaty is a right tributary of the San River in southeastern Poland, which is meets in Stuposiany very near the border with Ukraine.	Wołosaty	Poland
country	Omboué is a town located in Ogooué-Maritime province, Gabon.	Omboué	Gabon
country	PVT LTD, which was located at Gooty for the pas 10 year has been producing employment opportunities for the localities and is the second largest manufacturer of the Utility Poles in the entire South India.	Gooty	India
country	The Vis-en-Artois British Cemetery, Haucourt is a Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) burial ground for the dead of World War I located between the communes of Vis-en-Artois and Haucourt in the département of Pas-de-Calais, France.	Vis-en-Artois British Cemetery, Haucourt	France
country	Kafeh (Persian: كفه‎) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kafeh	Iran
country	Sui gas field is the biggest natural gas field in Pakistan.	Sui gas field	Pakistan
country	The Berlin Marathon (branded BMW Berlin Marathon for sponsorship reasons) is a major running and sporting event held annually in Berlin, Germany.	Berlin Marathon	Germany
country	El Fener (Catalan pronunciation: (əɫ fəˈne), locally: (eɫ feˈne)) is a neighbourhood of Escaldes-Engordany, Andorra.	El Fener	Andorra
country	The Belgian railway line 130 is a railway line in Belgium connecting Namur and Charleroi.	Belgian railway line 130	Belgium
country	Sanjeeva Reddy Nagar or SR Nagar is predominantly a residential suburb in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Sanjeeva Reddy Nagar	India
country	Firuzbahram (Persian: فيروزبهرام‎, also Romanized as Fīrūzbahrām and Fīrūz Bahrām) is a village in Firuzbahram Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Eslamshahr County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Firuzbahram	Iran
country	About Palasamudram Mandal Palasamudram is a Mandal in Chittoor District of Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Palasamudram	India
country	Yemtsa (Russian: Е́мца) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia, located 42 kilometers (26 mi) north of Plesetsk and 172 kilometers (107 mi) south of Arkhangelsk.	Yemtsa	Russia
country	Sela pri Zburah (pronounced (ˈseːla pɾi ˈzbuːɾax)) is a small settlement in the historical region of Lower Carniola in southeastern Slovenia.	Sela pri Zburah	Slovenia
country	Milo Ö (Swedish: Östra militärområdet, Eastern Military Area) was a Swedish military area, a command of the Swedish Armed Forces that had operational control over Eastern Sweden, for most time of its existence corresponding to the area covered by the counties of Östergötland, Södermanland, Stockholm, Uppsala and Västmanland.	Milo Ö	Sweden
country	Bobangui (or Bougangui) is a large M'Baka village in Lobaye, Central African Republic, located at the edge of the equatorial forest some 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of the capital, Bangui.	Bobangui	Central African Republic
country	Guelph/Eramosa is a township located in Wellington County, in midwestern Ontario, Canada.	Guelph/Eramosa	Canada
country	Jon and Roy is a Canadian three-piece folk rock and reggae band from Victoria, Canada.	Jon and Roy	Canada
country	Karkon-e Olya (Persian: كاركن عليا‎, also Romanized as Kārkon-e ``Olyā) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 328, in 65 families.	Karkon-e Olya	Iran
country	'The Adelaide Repertory Theatre (The Rep) is an amateur theatre company in Adelaide, South Australia.	Adelaide Repertory Theatre	Australia
country	Torre Werfen (``Werfen Tower'') (also named Torre Zenit, Torre Banif) is a skyscraper in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat (suburb of Barcelona), Catalonia, Spain.	Torre Werfen	Spain
country	Lasithi Province was one of the 4 provinces in Lasithi Prefecture of Greece.	Lasithi Province	Greece
country	FutureSAX is the inner Saxony business plan competition of the Free State of Saxony in Germany that has an objective of lending support to start-up businesses and growing enterprises.	FutureSAX	Germany
country	Bielefeld (German pronunciation: (ˈbiːləfɛlt)) is a city in the Ostwestfalen-Lippe Region in the north-east of North-Rhine Westphalia, Germany.	Bielefeld	Germany
country	Sulinowo (suliˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin, within Żnin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sulinowo	Poland
country	Tarkówek (tarˈkuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tarkówek	Poland
country	Shur Tang (Persian: شورتنگ‎, also Romanized as Shūr Tang) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shur Tang	Iran
country	The Kinsale Road Roundabout (Irish: Timpeall Bóthair Chionn tSáile), sometimes nicknamed The Magic Roundabout, is a five-arm signalised roundabout located approximately 3km south of Cork city centre in Ireland at the junction of the N40 South Ring Road and the N27 South City Link/Airport Road.	Kinsale Road Roundabout	Ireland
country	Navagio Beach (Greek: Ναυάγιο), or Shipwreck Beach, is an exposed cove, sometimes referred to as ``Smugglers Cove'', on the coast of Zakynthos, in the Ionian Islands of Greece.	Navagio	Greece
country	Gran Pajatén is an archaeological site located in the Andean cloud forests of Peru, on the border of the La Libertad region and the San Martín region, between the Marañon and Huallaga rivers.	Gran Pajatén	Peru
country	Gjesåsen is a largely agricultural area located in the municipality of Åsnes in Hedmark, Norway.	Gjesåsen	Norway
country	Bubaque Airport (IATA: BQE, ICAO: GGBU) is an airport serving the city of Bubaque, in Guinea-Bissau.	Bubaque Airport	Guinea-Bissau
country	Gothemsån is a river on Gotland, Sweden.	Gothemsån	Sweden
country	Mirza Khalil (Persian: ميرزاخليل‎, also Romanized as Mīrzā Khalīl) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Mirza Khalil	Iran
country	Castrop-Rauxel (German pronunciation: (ˈkastʁɔpˈʁaʊksəl)) is a former mining city in the eastern part of the Ruhr Area in Germany.	Castrop-Rauxel	Germany
country	The Athens Lawn Tennis Club is a tennis club founded in Athens, Greece in 1895.	Athens Lawn Tennis Club	Greece
country	Pic de Médécourbe (Catalan: Pic de Medacorba) is a mountain in Europe that sits on the western tripoint boundary of Andorra, France and Spain.	Pic de Médécourbe	Andorra	France	Spain
country	Bardejov ( pronunciation ; German: Bartfeld, Hungarian: Bártfa, Rusyn: Бардеёв, Polish: Bardiów) is a town in North-Eastern Slovakia.	Bardejov	Slovakia
country	The Moehau Range is considered one of New Zealand's six ``biodiversity hot spots''.	Moehau Range	New Zealand
country	Przedecz (ˈpʂɛdɛt͡ʂ) is a town in Koło County in the Greater Poland Voivodeship of Poland, with 1,779 inhabitants (2006).	Przedecz	Poland
country	Aghmeed, also spelled Aghmide, is a village located about 37km from Beirut, in the governorate of Mount Lebanon, in the Aley District.	Aghmeed	Lebanon
country	The Lluta River is a river located in the northern portion of the Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile.	Lluta River	Chile
country	The Southern Ewaso Ng'iro (Brown River) is a river in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya (Africa).	Southern Ewaso Ng'iro	Kenya
country	The Nevinnomyssk Canal (Russian: Невинномысский канал, Nevinnomysskij kanal) is an irrigation canal in Stavropol Krai in Russia.	Nevinnomyssk Canal	Russia
country	The Riyadh Region (Arabic: منطقة الرياض‎ Manţiqat ar Riyāḍ) is a region (mintaqah) of Saudi Arabia, also called Al-Wosta, located in the center of the country.	Riyadh Region	Saudi Arabia
country	Kalembice (German: Kalembitz) is a district of Cieszyn, Silesian Voivodeship, Poland.	Kalembice	Poland
country	Benjamin William Mkapa Pension Tower, formerly known as Mafuta House, is one of the tallest buildings in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.	Mafuta House	Tanzania
country	Abdalian Cooperative Housing Society is one of the most valued residential areas of Lahore, the capital of the province of Punjab in Pakistan.	Abdalian Cooperative Housing Society	Pakistan
country	Bratkówka (bratˈkufka) (Ukrainian: Братківка, Bratkivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojaszówka, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Bratkówka	Poland
country	Al Sufouh (Arabic: الصفوح‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Sufouh	United Arab Emirates
country	Charters Towers Courthouse is a heritage-listed courthouse, located at 26--30 Hodgkinson Street, Charters Towers, Queensland, Australia.	Charters Towers Courthouse	Australia
country	Mwinilunga is a town in the North-Western Province of Zambia and headquarters of a district of that name.	Mwinilunga	Zambia
country	Suntu (Persian: سونتو‎, also Romanized as Sūntū and Seventū) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Suntu	Iran
country	Vrhovska Vas (pronounced (ʋəɾˈxoːu̯ska ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Vrhovska vas) is a settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Brežice in eastern Slovenia.	Vrhovska Vas	Slovenia
country	The eventual mapping of the whole of the United Kingdom by the Ordnance Survey began with the measuring of an accurate base-line on Hounslow Heath, chosen for its flatness and its relative proximity to the Royal Greenwich Observatory.	Hounslow Heath	United Kingdom
country	Ghurian (Ghūrīān, Ghoryan, Ġūrīān) is a city and the administrative center of Ghurian District in Herat Province, Afghanistan.	Ghurian	Afghanistan
country	The Turkish Radio and Television Corporation, also known as TRT (Turkish: Türkiye Radyo ve Televizyon Kurumu), is the national public broadcaster of Turkey and was founded in 1964.	Turkish Radio and Television Corporation	Turkey
country	Čande (Serbian: Чанде) is a village in the municipality of Brčko, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Čande	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Starod (pronounced (ˈstaːɾɔt); Italian: Starada) is a village in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia, on the border with Croatia.	Starod	Slovenia
country	Jummah Goth railway station (Urdu: جمرہ گوٹھ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located at Jummah Goth near Korangi in Karachi, Pakistan.	Jummah Goth railway station	Pakistan
country	Moshchena (Ukrainian: Мощена, Polish: Moszczana) is a village in Kovel Raion, Volyn Oblast, Ukraine.	Moshchena	Ukraine
country	Namdalseid Church (Norwegian: Namdalseid kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Namdalseid Church	Norway
country	Allansford railway station is a closed station in the town of Allansford, on the Warrnambool railway line in Victoria, Australia.	Allansford railway station	Australia
country	Grand Hyatt Taipei (Chinese: 台北君悅酒店; pinyin: Táiběi Jūnyuè Jiǔdiàn) is a 5-star luxury hotel in Taipei, Taiwan.	Grand Hyatt Taipei	Taiwan
country	Spodnji Hotič (in older sources also Spodnje Hotiče, German: Unterhöttisch) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River north of Litija in central Slovenia.	Spodnji Hotič	Slovenia
country	The Historical Archive of the City of Cologne (German: Historisches Archiv der Stadt Köln) is the municipal archive of Cologne, Germany.	Historical Archive of the City of Cologne	Germany
country	Mashabei Sadeh (Hebrew: מַשְׁאַבֵּי שָׂדֶה) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert in Israel.	Mashabei Sadeh	Israel
country	The Kimberley Daily Bulletin is the local daily newspaper of Kimberley, British Columbia, Canada.	Kimberley Daily Bulletin	Canada
country	Sirani (Aymara sira fart, flatulence, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with flatulence'', hispanicized spelling Cerani) is a mountain in the west of the Ch'ila mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,229 metres (17,156 ft) high.	Sirani	Peru
country	Gempenach (former French name: Champagny) is a municipality in the district of See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland.	Gempenach	Switzerland
country	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Ahmad Khan (Persian: قشلاق حاج احمدخان‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Aḩmad Khān) is a village in Anjirlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Ahmad Khan	Iran
country	Hayalin (Arabic: حيالين‎, also spelled Hayaleen or Hiyalin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Hama Governorate, located northwest of Hama.	Hayalin	Syria
country	Błotkowo (bwɔtˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Błotkowo	Poland
country	Zvyzhen (Ukrainian: Звижень) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zvyzhen	Ukraine
country	Pickering Public Library is the library system of Pickering, Ontario, Canada.	Pickering Public Library	Canada
country	Bóbr Valley Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Doliny Bobru) is a protected area (a Landscape Park) in south-western Poland.	Bóbr Valley Landscape Park	Poland
country	Vasaloppet (literally, The Vasa race) is an annual long distance (90 km) cross-country ski race (ski marathon) held on the first Sunday of March in northwestern Dalarna, Sweden between the village of Sälen and town of Mora.	Vasaloppet	Sweden
country	The Catholic Flemish People's Party (Dutch: Katholieke Vlaamse Volkspartij, KVV) was a political party in Belgium from 1936 until 1945.	Catholic Flemish People's Party	Belgium
country	Shivdaspur is a census town and a red light village in Varanasi in eastern Uttar Pradesh in India.	Shivdaspur	India
country	Sant'Elpidio a Mare (pronounced (santelˈpiːdjo a mˈmaːre)) is a town and comune in the province of Fermo, in the Marche region of Italy.	Sant'Elpidio a Mare	Italy
country	Solidarité Française (``French Solidarity'') was a French far right league founded in 1933 by perfume manufacturer François Coty and commanded by Major Jean Renaud, they dressed in blue shirts, black berets, and jackboots, and shouted the slogan ``France for the French''.	Solidarité Française	France
country	The Lescot Wing (in French, the Aile Lescot or Aile Henri II) is the oldest portion above ground of the Louvre Palace, in Paris, France.	Lescot Wing	France
country	Kalokol Airport (IATA: KLK, ICAO: HKFG), also named Fergusons Gulf Airport, is an airport located in Kalokol, a village in Turkana County in northwestern Kenya, on the western shores of Lake Turkana, close to the International border with Ethiopia.	Kalokol Airport	Kenya
country	Muzkent, Gazipaşa is a village in the District of Gazipaşa, Antalya Province, Turkey.	Muzkent, Gazipaşa	Turkey
country	Kytyl-Dyura (Russian: Кытыл-Дюра) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Malzhagarsky 5-y Rural Okrug of Khangalassky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 216 kilometers (134 mi) from Pokrovsk, the administrative center of the district.	Kytyl-Dyura	Russia
country	Ventanas Radioayuda Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Ventanas Radioayuda, ICAO: SCVT) is a public use airport located 3 kilometres (2 mi) southwest of Isla de Maipo, Santiago Metropolitan, Chile.	Ventanas Radioayuda Airport	Chile
country	Adenzai is an administrative subdivision (Tehsil) of Lower Dir District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Adenzai	Pakistan
country	Mellösa is a locality situated in Flen Municipality, Södermanland County, Sweden with 535 inhabitants in 2010.	Mellösa	Sweden
country	Madurodam (Dutch pronunciation: (maːdyroːdɑm)) is a miniature park and tourist attraction in the Scheveningen district of The Hague in the Netherlands.	Madurodam	Netherlands
country	Nova Pazova railway station (Serbian: Нова Пазова) is a railway station in Nova Pazova, Stara Pazova, Serbia.	Nova Pazova railway station	Serbia
country	Oprzężów (ɔˈpʂɛ̃ʐuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Krzysztoporska, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Oprzężów	Poland
country	Fitjar Church (Norwegian: Fitjar kyrkje) is a parish church in Fitjar municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fitjar Church	Norway
country	Goričica pod Krimom (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾiːtʃitsa pɔt ˈkɾiːmɔm)) is a village in the Municipality of Brezovica in central Slovenia.	Goričica pod Krimom	Slovenia
country	The Rohrhardsberg is a mountain in the Central Black Forest in southern Germany.	Rohrhardsberg	Germany
country	Korosten (Ukrainian: Ко́ростень, Russian: Ко́ростень) is a historic city and a large railway node in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine.	Korosten	Ukraine
country	Soppo is the name of two villages, Great Soppo and Small Soppo in Buea, western Cameroon.	Soppo	Cameroon
country	More Tuscany (Più Toscana, PT) is a regionalist political party in Italy active Tuscany, Italy.	More Tuscany	Italy
country	Ginnerup (Danish pronunciation: (ˈɡenʁɐub)), is a small settlement in Denmark, located in north eastern Jutland.	Ginnerup	Denmark
country	Cambrils (Catalan pronunciation: (kəmˈbɾiɫs)) is a coastal town in the comarca of Baix Camp, province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.	Cambrils	Spain
country	The Royal Ontario Museum (ROM, French: Musée royal de l'Ontario) is a museum of art, world culture and natural history in Toronto, Canada.	Royal Ontario Museum	Canada
country	Sarkaradevi Temple is one of the most important temples in South India.	Sarkaradevi Temple	India
country	Neath Port Talbot College (NPTC) was a further education institution established as two campuses in Port Talbot and Neath in Wales, United Kingdom.	Neath Port Talbot College	United Kingdom
country	Réunion National Park (French: Parc national de La Réunion) is a national park on the island of Réunion, an overseas department of France located in the western Indian Ocean region.	Réunion National Park	France
country	Paekakariki Railway Station in Paekakariki on the Kapiti Coast, New Zealand is an intermediate station on the Kapiti Line for Metlink's electric multiple unit commuter trains from Wellington.	Paekakariki Railway Station	New Zealand
country	École élémentaire Marie-Curie is a public French first language elementary school in the neighbourhood of Oakridge in London, Ontario, Canada.	École élémentaire Marie-Curie	Canada
country	Varvasaina (Greek: Βαρβάσαινα) is a village and a community in the eastern part of the municipality of Pyrgos, Elis, Greece.	Varvasaina	Greece
country	Blockhouse Bay is a residential suburb of Auckland, in New Zealand's North Island.	Blockhouse Bay	New Zealand
country	Umm Walad (Arabic: أم ولد‎, also spelled Om Walad) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located east of Daraa in the Hauran region.	Umm Walad	Syria
country	Turku (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈturku); Swedish: Åbo (ˈoːbʊ)) is a city on the southwest coast of Finland at the mouth of the Aura River, in the region of Southwest Finland.	Turku	Finland
country	Tilko Jaffna City Hotel (Tilko Hotel) is a hotel in the city of Jaffna in northern Sri Lanka.	Tilko Jaffna City Hotel	Sri Lanka
country	Saligramam (சாலிகிராமம் ) is a residential locality situated in the western part of Chennai in Tamil Nadu, India.	Saligramam	India
country	The Silberteich is a man-made pond and lies on the upper reaches of the Brunnenbach stream between Braunlage and Sankt Andreasberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany.	Silberteich	Germany
country	Shitennō-ji (Japanese: 四天王寺; also Arahaka-ji, Nanba-ji, or Mitsu-ji) is a Buddhist temple in Ōsaka, Japan.	Shitennō-ji	Japan
country	Öggestorp Church (Swedish: Öggestorps kyrka) is a church building in Öggestorp, Sweden.	Öggestorp Church	Sweden
country	Giao Xuân (xã Giao Xuân) is a commune in Giao Thủy District, Nam Định, Vietnam approximately 150 km South-East of Hanoi.	Giao Xuân	Vietnam
country	El Leoncito National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional El Leoncito) is a federal protected area in San Juan Province, Argentina.	El Leoncito National Park	Argentina
country	Meerbeke is a village in the Denderstreek in the province of East Flanders in Belgium.	Meerbeke	Belgium
country	The Santorini cable car connects the port with the town of Thera in Santorini island in Greece.	Santorini cable car	Greece
country	The University of Gafsa (Arabic: جامعة قفصة‎) is a public university located in Gafsa, Tunisia.	University of Gafsa	Tunisia
country	Ogorodtakh (Russian: Огородтах) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of three settlements, in addition to Sasylykan and Khonogor, in Suottunsky Rural Okrug of Ust-Aldansky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Ogorodtakh	Russia
country	Neot Golan (Hebrew: נְאוֹת גּוֹלָן) is an Israeli settlement, moshav, in the southern Golan Heights, under the administration of Israel.	Neot Golan	Israel
country	The Väo Power Plant (also known as Tallinn Power Plant) is a biomass and peat-fired combined heat and power plant in Tallinn, Estonia.	Väo Power Plant	Estonia
country	Zonguldak Airport (IATA: ONQ, ICAO: LTAS) is an airport near the city of Zonguldak in the western Black Sea region of Turkey.	Zonguldak Airport	Turkey
country	4ft Fingers (pronounced ``four foot fingers'') are an English punk rock band from Cheltenham, United Kingdom, formed in 1996.	4ft Fingers	United Kingdom
country	Zaltan or Zelten (Arabic: زلطن‎) is a city in the district of Nuqat al Khams of northwestern Libya.	Zaltan	Libya
country	The Emmental Alps (German: Emmentaler Alpen) are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps, in Switzerland.	Emmental Alps	Switzerland
country	Qamsar (Persian: قمصر‎, also Qamşar, Ghamsar and Kamsār) is a village in central Iran.	Qamsar	Iran
country	Achao is a town on the Chiloé Archipelago, in the south of Chile.	Achao	Chile
country	Złotów (ˈzwɔtuf) (German: Flatow) is a town in northern Wielkopolska in Poland with a population of 18,303 inhabitants (2011).	Złotów	Poland
country	The Pretoria Bridge is a vertical-lift bridge in Ottawa, Canada.	Pretoria Bridge	Canada
country	Foros de Arrão is a village and a civil parish of the municipality of Ponte de Sor, Portugal.	Foros de Arrão	Portugal
country	Skržuti (Serbian Cyrillic: Скржути) is a village located in the Užice municipality of Serbia.	Skržuti	Serbia
country	Zarrin Dasht (Persian: زرين دشت‎, also Romanized as Zarrīn Dasht) is a village in Gurab Pas Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zarrin Dasht	Iran
country	Nadrožica (pronounced (ˈnaːdɾɔʒitsa)) is a small settlement southeast of Gorjansko in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy.	Nadrožica	Slovenia
country	North Jutland County (Danish: Nordjyllands Amt) is a former county (Danish: amt) in northern Denmark.	North Jutland County	Denmark
country	Egerszalók is an open-air spa and village (population 2,311) located in Heves County in northeastern Hungary.	Egerszalók	Hungary
country	Sankt Josef is a municipality in the district of Deutschlandsberg in the state of Styria in southeast Austria.	Sankt Josef	Austria
country	Services Hospital is located on Jail Road Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan just next to the race course park and is the teaching hospital of Services Institute of Medical Sciences(SIMS).	Services Hospital	Pakistan
country	Can Peguera is a neighborhood in the Nou Barris district of Barcelona, Catalonia (Spain).	Can Peguera	Spain
country	La Bourboule (Occitan: La Borbola) is commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne in central France.	La Bourboule	France
country	Bayg District (Persian: بخش بایگ‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bayg District	Iran
country	Nyong-et-Mfoumou is a department of Centre Province in Cameroon.	Nyong-et-Mfoumou	Cameroon
country	Grude (Hadžići) is a village in the municipality of Hadžići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grude (Hadžići)	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Poppintree (Irish: Crann Phapáin ), is a neighbourhood located in Dublin, Ireland.	Poppintree	Ireland
country	The Electoral division of Longford was an electoral division in the Tasmanian Legislative Council of Australia.	Electoral division of Longford	Australia
country	Əmiraslanlı is a village in the municipality of Şəkərbəy in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əmiraslanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Malachi railway station is located in the community of Malachi in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Malachi railway station	Canada
country	Cookstown Airport, (TC LID: CCT2), is located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) northeast of Cookstown, Ontario, Canada.	Cookstown Airport	Canada
country	New Holland Island (Russian: Но́вая Голла́ндия) is a historic triangular artificial island in Saint Petersburg, Russia, dating from the 18th century.	New Holland Island	Russia
country	Gundan (Persian: گوندان‎, also Romanized as Gūndān; also known as Gūhandān) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Gundan	Iran
country	Baghcheq (Persian: باغ چق‎, also Romanized as Bāghcheq; also known as Bāgh Chīn) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Baghcheq	Iran
country	Tuscan Identity (Identità Toscana, IT) is a regionalist political party in Italy active Tuscany.	Tuscan Identity	Italy
country	Virum is a mostly residential, suburban neighbourhood in Lyngby-Taarbæk Municipality, located on both sides of Lyngby Kongevej, approximately 15 km north of central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Virum	Denmark
country	Paso Yobai is the largest and easternmost district of the Guairá Department, Paraguay.	Paso Yobai	Paraguay
country	48Hours is a New Zealand film-making competition.	48Hours	New Zealand
country	Kempele is a municipality just south of the city of Oulu in Northern Finland.	Kempele	Finland
country	Dremelspitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol, Austria.	Dremelspitze	Austria
country	The Bishan Railway Station is a railway station of Chengyu Passenger Railway that is located in Chongqing, People's Republic of China.	Bishan Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Ein Gedi (Hebrew: עֵין גֶּדִי, Arabic: عين جدي‎) is an oasis and a nature reserve in Israel, located west of the Dead Sea, near Masada and the Qumran Caves.	Ein Gedi	Israel
country	Maunura is a village located 45 km west of Ende, Flores, Indonesia.	Maunura	Indonesia
country	Presteheia is a suburb in Kristiansand, in Vest-Agder, Norway.	Presteheia	Norway
country	Yewa North (formerly Egbado North) is a Local Government Area in the west of Ogun State, Nigeria bordering the Republic of Benin.	Yewa North	Nigeria
country	The Pyrkakay mine is a large open pit mine located in the north-eastern part of Russia in Chukotka Autonomous Okrug.	Pyrkakay mine	Russia
country	Gardim Khaneh (Persian: گرديمخانه‎, also Romanized as Gardīm Khāneh) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gardim Khaneh	Iran
country	The Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público is an art museum located in the historic center of Mexico City.	Museo de la Secretaría de Hacienda y Crédito Público	Mexico
country	Rovtarske Žibrše (pronounced (ˈɾoːu̯taɾskɛ ˈzbiːɾʃɛ)) is a dispersed settlement south of Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Rovtarske Žibrše	Slovenia
country	Current Swell's roots lie on the west coast of Canada in Victoria, British Columbia, on Vancouver Island.	Current Swell	Canada
country	Sarivah (Persian: سريوه‎, also Romanized as Sarīvah) is a village in Kermajan Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarivah	Iran
country	Aq Chatal (Persian: آق چاتال‎, also Romanized as Āq Chatal) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Chatal	Iran
country	Wolibórz (vɔˈlibuʂ) (German: Volpersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Ruda, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wolibórz	Poland
country	The Pueblo Llano Municipality is one of the 23 municipalities (municipios) that makes up the Venezuelan state of Mérida and, according to a 2007 population estimate by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela, the municipality has a population of 11,706.	Pueblo Llano Municipality	Venezuela
country	Abasallı (also, Abbasally and Abas-Ali) is a village in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abasallı	Azerbaijan
country	Loonalaid (Swedish: Letenholm) is a small island in the Baltic Sea belonging to the country of Estonia.	Loonalaid	Estonia
country	The Alconétar Bridge (Spanish: Puente de Alconétar), also known as Puente de Mantible, was a Roman segmental arch bridge in the Extremadura region, Spain.	Alconétar Bridge	Spain
country	Takhteh-ye Jan (Persian: تخته جان‎, also Romanized as Takhteh-ye Jān) is a village in Qohestan Rural District, Qohestan District, Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Takhteh-ye Jan	Iran
country	Kaunas Sports Hall (Lithuanian: Kauno sporto halė), also known as the S. Darius and S. Girėnas Hall is the second largest arena of Kaunas, Lithuania.	Kaunas Sports Hall	Lithuania
country	Mirny Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Мирный) (IATA: MJZ, ICAO: UERR) is an airport in Yakutia, Russia, located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the mining town of Mirny.	Mirny Airport	Russia
country	Rohrbach in Oberösterreich is a town and capital of the district of Rohrbach in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Rohrbach in Oberösterreich	Austria
country	The Concarena is a mountain in Lombardy, northern Italy.	Concarena	Italy
country	The Europaviertel (European quarter) is a housing and business quarter development in the Gallus district of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Europaviertel	Germany
country	Abdalanlı (also, Abdalanly and Abdalinlu) is a village in the Qubadli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Abdalanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Broszkowice (brɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oświęcim, within Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Broszkowice	Poland
country	Gangjin-eup is an administrative division of Gangjin county, South Jeolla Province, South Korea.	Gangjin-eup	South Korea
country	Ocón is a municipality of the autonomous community of La Rioja (Spain).	Ocón	Spain
country	Cerdà (Spanish: Cerdá) is a municipality in the comarca of Costera in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Cerdà	Spain
country	Kalaw Avenue (formerly T.M. Kalaw Street) is a short stretch of road in the Ermita district of Manila, Philippines.	Kalaw Avenue	Philippines
country	The Southbridge District High School was a school in New Zealand until 1981.	Southbridge District High School	New Zealand
country	The Sydney Opera House is a multi-venue performing arts centre in Sydney, Australia, identified as one of the 20th century's most distinctive buildings.	Sydney Opera House	Australia
country	Coronel Marcelino Maridueña is a town located in eastern Guayas, Ecuador.	Coronel Marcelino Maridueña	Ecuador
country	Georgi Damyanovo (Bulgarian: Георги Дамяново, pronounced (ˈɡʲɔrɡi daˈmʲanɔvɔ)) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Montana Province.	Georgi Damyanovo	Bulgaria
country	Laukøya (Northern Sami: Unna Ártnás) is an island in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county, Norway.	Laukøya	Norway
country	As of 2011 India census, Nagaon city had a population of 147,231, making it one of the largest cities of Assam.In 2011 the district had a population of 28,26,006.The population is largely of heterogeneous nature.Assamese, Muslim, Bengali, Marwari communities form the majority.	Nagaon	India
country	Kicha Qaqa (Quechua kicha open, qaqa rock, ``open rock'', hispanicized spelling Quechajaja) is mountain in the northern extensions of the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 4,600 metres (15,092 ft) high.	Kicha Qaqa	Peru
country	Yokohama Silk Museum is a museum located in Naka-ku, Yokohama, Japan that covers the silk trade in Japan.	Yokohama Silk Museum	Japan
country	Cape Chidley is a headland located on the eastern shore of Killiniq Island, Canada at the northeastern tip of the Labrador Peninsula.	Cape Chidley	Canada
country	Lushnjë (Albanian pronunciation: (ˈluʃɲə)) (Lushnje (ˈluʃɲe) in Lushnjë's own dialect) is a town and a municipality in Central-West Albania.	Lushnjë	Albania
country	Uppala kalavagunta is a village in Pedana Mandal Krishna District India.	Uppala kalavagunta	India
country	Motey-sur-Saône is a commune in the Haute-Saône département in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France.	Motey-sur-Saône	France
country	Kiçik Alatəmir (also, Alatemur-Bala and Kichik Alatemir) is a village in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Kiçik Alatəmir	Azerbaijan
country	Omuma is a Local Government Area in Rivers State, Nigeria.	Omuma	Nigeria
country	CC Amfi, also known as Nordlyshallen (``The Northern Light Hall'') is an indoor sports arena in Hamar, Norway.	CC Amfi	Norway
country	Bácsbokod (Croatian: Bikić, German: Wikitsch) is a large village and municipality in Bács-Kiskun county, in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary.	Bácsbokod	Hungary
country	The Clarisse House is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Mauritius at 37, Riverwalk Vacoas, Plaines Wilhems.	Clarisse House	Mauritius
country	Even Yehuda (Hebrew: אֶבֶן יְהוּדָה) is a town in the central Sharon region of Israel east of Netanya.	Even Yehuda	Israel
country	Environiq Arena is the primary indoor sports and event arena in Kristinehamn, Sweden.	Environiq Arena	Sweden
country	Mala Breza (pronounced (ˈmaːla ˈbɾeːza)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Mala Breza	Slovenia
country	Rongøyna or Rongøy is an island in Øygarden municipality in northwestern Hordaland county, Norway.	Rongøy	Norway
country	Perno shipyard is a shipyard in Turku, south west Finland that specialises in building cruise ships, passenger ferries, special vessels and offshore projects.	Perno shipyard	Finland
country	Daeryun High School(대륜고등학교 大倫高等學校) is a public high school situated in Daegu, South Korea.	Daeryun High School	South Korea
country	The Mtatsminda Pantheon of Writers and Public Figures (Georgian: მთაწმინდის მწერალთა და საზოგადო მოღვაწეთა პანთეონი, mtats'mindis mts'eralta da sazogado moghvats'eta p'anteoni) is a necropolis in Tbilisi, Georgia, where some of the most prominent writers, artists, scholars, and national heroes of Georgia are buried.	Mtatsminda Pantheon	Georgia
country	Pianu (German: Pien; Hungarian: Felsőpián) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Pianu	Romania
country	Vapaus, whose content was published in the Finnish language, was closely associated with the Finnish Organization of Canada, an organization connected to the Communist Party of Canada.	Vapaus	Canada
country	The Strážov Mountains (Slovak: Strážovské vrchy) are a mountain range in northwestern Slovakia, being part of Inner Western Carpathians, and of the Fatra-Tatra Area.	Strážov Mountains	Slovakia
country	Nezumand (Persian: نزومند‎, also Romanized as Nez̧ūmand and Nez̧āmand) is a village in Zirkuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Nezumand	Iran
country	BCF Arena (formerly Patinoire Saint-Léonard) is an indoor sporting arena in Fribourg, Switzerland.	BCF Arena	Switzerland
country	Thallah Chaudrian is a village that is located in Baragowah, Jhelum District, Punjab, Pakistan, and near Padhri.	Thallah Chaudrian	Pakistan
country	Reidar Amble Ommundsen (Norway) set a world record in Vikkollen with 54 meters on 7 February 1915.	Vikkollen	Norway
country	Buljetovina (Serbian: Буљетовина) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Buljetovina	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Pri Gan (Hebrew: פְּרִי גַּן, lit. Fruit Garden), also known as Prigan, is a moshav in southern Israel.	Pri Gan	Israel
country	Tiritiri Matangi Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Tiritiri Matangi, an island in the Hauraki Gulf 28 km north of Auckland in the North Island of New Zealand.	Tiritiri Matangi Lighthouse	New Zealand
country	Labanoras is a small town within the Labanoras Regional Park in Lithuania.	Labanoras	Lithuania
country	Novychyna (Ukrainian: Новичина) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Novychyna	Ukraine
country	Kaliny is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the left bank of Oder river, west of the Szczecin Old Town and Middle Town.	Kaliny	Poland
country	Tsiroanomandidy (tsiˌronʷmanˈdidʲ) is a city (commune urbaine) in central-western Madagascar, approximately 210 kilometres west of the capital Antananarivo.	Tsiroanomandidy	Madagascar
country	Mthatha Airport (IATA: UTT, ICAO: FAUT) is an airport serving Mthatha (formerly Umtata), a town in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Mthatha Airport	South Africa
country	Bratislava Transport Museum (Múzeum dopravy Bratislava) is a transport museum in Bratislava, Slovakia.	Bratislava Transport Museum	Slovakia
country	The Quirino MRT Station is a proposed station on the Manila MRT-7 in Metro Manila, Philippines.	Quirino MRT Station	Philippines
country	Ingolfsland Station (Norwegian: Ingolfsland stasjon) is an abandoned railway station on the Rjukan Line at Rjukan in Tinn, Norway.	Ingolfsland Station	Norway
country	El Khandaq is a town in northern Sudan on the River Nile.	El Khandaq	Sudan
country	Al Safa (Arabic: الصفا‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Safa	United Arab Emirates
country	Gilat (Hebrew: גִּילַת, lit. Joy) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Gilat	Israel
country	Ostrožac Castle is a castle located in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the Una-Sana Canton just outside the town of Cazin, near the village of Ostrožac.	Ostrožac Castle	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Silverstream Bridge Railway Station was a station on the Hutt Valley Line section of the Wairarapa Line in New Zealand from 1908 until 28 February 1954, when the Melling-Belmont section of the line and the first rail bridge at Silverstream was closed.	Silverstream Bridge Railway Station	New Zealand
country	The United National Empowerment Party was a Saint Kitts-based political party in Saint Kitts and Nevis.	United National Empowerment Party	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Lija (Maltese: Ħal Lija) is a small village in the Central Region of Malta.	Lija	Malta
country	Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge or Jambatan Sultan Yahya Petra (Jawi: جمبتن سلطان يحي ڤيترا) is a major bridge in Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia crossing Kelantan River.	Sultan Yahya Petra Bridge	Malaysia
country	The AFBN (American Football Bond Nederland) is the governing body for American Football in the Netherlands.	American Football Bond Nederland	Netherlands
country	Katherine Mansfield Birthplace was the home of Katherine Mansfield, New Zealand's most famous author.	Katherine Mansfield Birthplace	New Zealand
country	Naxos and Lesser Cyclades (Greek: Νάξος και Μικρές Κυκλάδες) is a municipality in the Naxos regional unit, South Aegean region, Greece.	Naxos and Lesser Cyclades	Greece
country	Université Paris Lumières is an association of universities and higher education institutions (ComUE) for institutions of higher education, research and culture in the Île-de-France (including Paris) region of France.	Université Paris Lumières	France
country	The Stone Forest or Shilin (Chinese: 石林; pinyin: Shílín) is a notable set of limestone formations about 500 km2 located in Shilin Yi Autonomous County, Yunnan Province, People's Republic of China, near Shilin approximately 90 km (56 mi) from the provincial capital Kunming.	Stone Forest	People's Republic of China
country	Badamuk (Persian: باداموك‎, also Romanized as Bādāmūk, Bādāmak, and Bādūmak; also known as Bādāmūn) is a village in Baghestan Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Badamuk	Iran
country	Avguštine (pronounced (au̯ɡuˈʃtiːnɛ); in older sources also Avgustine) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kostanjevica na Krki in eastern Slovenia.	Avguštine	Slovenia
country	The Liberal Democratic Congress (Polish: Kongres Liberalno-Demokratyczny, KLD) was a centrist-conservative, liberal-Catholic party in Poland.	Liberal Democratic Congress	Poland
country	Negev Mountains is a mountainous area in the north-western part of the Negev desert, in Israel.	Negev Mountains	Israel
country	Kolonia Mordy (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈmɔrdɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Mordy	Poland
country	The Jewelry Trade Center is a 59-story mixed-use skyscraper located in the Silom Road gemstone district of Bangkok, Thailand.	Jewelry Trade Center	Thailand
country	East Zorra-Tavistock is a township in southwestern Ontario, Canada, formed on 1 January 1975 through the amalgamation of the Township of East Zorra and the Village of Tavistock.	East Zorra-Tavistock	Canada
country	Huch'uy Tipiqucha (Quechua huch'uy small, tipi Pennisetum clandestinum (a grass species), tipiy to husk maize, to snap, to break, qucha lake, hispanicized spelling Uchuytipicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region, Paucar del Sara Sara Province, Oyolo District.	Huch'uy Tipiqucha	Peru
country	Chiang Mai (/ˈtʃjɑːŋˈmaɪ/, from Thai: เชียงใหม่ (tɕʰiəŋ màj), Lanna:ᨩ᩠ᨿᨦᩉ᩠ᨾᩲ᩵ (t͡ɕīaŋ.màj)) sometimes written as ``Chiengmai'' or ``Chiangmai'', is the largest and most culturally significant city in Northern Thailand.	Chiang Mai	Thailand
country	The Horseshoe Bridge in Perth, Western Australia, connects the Perth CBD to Northbridge, carrying William Street over the Fremantle railway line.	Horseshoe Bridge	Australia
country	Golden Link College is an institution established by the Theosophical Society in the Philippines and the Theosophical Order of Service Foundation Philippines.	Golden Link College	Philippines
country	Bolarque Dam (Spanish: Presa de Bolarque) is a concrete gravity dam on the Tagus in Spain, where the river forms the border between the provinces of Cuenca and Guadalajara.	Bolarque Dam	Spain
country	Xuân Định is a commune (xã) in Xuân Lộc District, Vietnam.	Xuân Định	Vietnam
country	Ginbo (sometimes spelled Gimbo) is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and Peoples' Region of Ethiopia.	Ginbo	Ethiopia
country	Krajkowo-Budki (krai̯ˈkɔvɔ ˈbutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krajkowo-Budki	Poland
country	Pišece Castle (Slovene: grad Pišece, German: Schloss Pischätz) is a castle in Pišece, Slovenia.	Pišece Castle	Slovenia
country	The Minister of Health and Care Services (Norwegian: Helse- og omsorgsministeren) is a councilor of state and chief of the Norway's Ministry of Health and Care Services.	Minister of Health and Care Services	Norway
country	Barisan Sosialis (Malay; Chinese: 社会主义阵线), or the Socialist Front was a now defunct political party in Singapore.	Barisan Sosialis	Singapore
country	THSR Chiayi Station (Chinese: 高鐵嘉義站; pinyin: Gāotiě Jiāyì Zhàn) is an elevated station of the Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Taibao City, Chiayi County, Taiwan.	THSR Chiayi Station	Taiwan
country	The Norwegian School of Sport Sciences (Norwegian: Norges idrettshøgskole, NIH) is a public university located at Sognsvann in Oslo, Norway.	Norwegian School of Sport Sciences	Norway
country	Ujazd Górny (ˈujast ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Ober Mois) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Ujazd Górny	Poland
country	Hushe is the last village of the Ghangche District of northern Pakistan.	Hushe	Pakistan
country	Vransko (pronounced (ˈwɾaːnskɔ)) is a small town and municipality in central Slovenia.	Vransko	Slovenia
country	Slamna Vas (pronounced (ˈslaːmna ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Slamna vas, German: Sleindorf) is a village north of the town of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia, on the border with Croatia.	Slamna Vas	Slovenia
country	Land for Wildlife is a program sponsored by the Department of Sustainability and Environment in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Land for Wildlife	Australia
country	Ab Koreh Tal (Persian: اب كره تل‎, also Romanized as Āb Koreh Tal) is a village in Rak Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Ab Koreh Tal	Iran
country	Arsenal de la Carraca, also La Carraca shipyard, is a naval shipyard in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Arsenal de la Carraca	Spain
country	Wichabai is a community in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana, located at 2°52′0``N 59°31′59.88''W, altitude 157 metres.	Wichabai	Guyana
country	Trets (English /trɛ/) is a commune (town or township, in English) in the Bouches-du-Rhône department of the Provence-Alpes-Côtes d’Azur region in the southeast of France.	Trets	France
country	Parleza Mała (parˈlɛza ˈmawa) (German: Klein Parlösen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parleza Mała	Poland
country	In August 2006, Bolsover was announced to have the seventh worst obesity rate in the United Kingdom.	Bolsover	United Kingdom
country	Rangárþing eystra is a municipality located in southern Iceland in the Southern Region, between Eystri Rangá in the west and Jökulsá á Sólheimasandi in the east.	Rangárþing eystra	Iceland
country	Hagley Park is the largest urban open space (164.637 hectares) in Christchurch, New Zealand, and was created in 1855 by the Provincial Government.	Hagley Park	New Zealand
country	The Dalhousie Obelisk (Chinese: 达豪施纪念碑) is a memorial obelisk in the Civic District of Singapore, located on the north bank of the Singapore River in the Downtown Core, within the Central Area in Singapore's central business district.	Dalhousie Obelisk	Singapore
country	Hardomilje (Serbian: Хардомиље) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hardomilje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Herpf is part of the city of Meiningen in the district Schmalkalden-Meiningen, in Thuringia, Germany.	Herpf	Germany
country	The Los Cabos Corridor (Corredor Turistico) in Mexico, is an area on the southern coast of the Baja California Peninsula, facing the Gulf of California on the Transpeninsular Highway between San José del Cabo and Cabo San Lucas.	Los Cabos Corridor	Mexico
country	Ambatovola (also Ambatovola Gara) is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	Ambatovola	Madagascar
country	The Canal de São Vicente is a channel of the Atlantic Ocean separating the islands of Santo Antão and São Vicente, Cape Verde.	Canal de São Vicente	Cape Verde
country	Ittoqqortoormiit (East Greenlandic) or Illoqortormiut (West Greenlandic) (Inuit pronunciation: (itːoqːɔʁtɔːʁmiːt)), formerly known as Scoresbysund, is a settlement in the Sermersooq municipality in eastern Greenland.	Ittoqqortoormiit	Greenland
country	The Well of Zamzam (or the Zamzam Well, or just Zamzam; Arabic: زمزم‎) is a well located within the Masjid al-Haram in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, 20 m (66 ft) east of the Kaaba, the holiest place in Islam.	Zamzam Well	Saudi Arabia
country	Ytterøyane Lighthouse (Norwegian: Ytterøyane fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Flora in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Ytterøyane Lighthouse	Norway
country	O'Higgins Glacier is a glacier located in Bernardo O'Higgins National Park, Chile.	O'Higgins Glacier	Chile
country	The Victoria Theatre and Concert Hall is an complex of two buildings and a clock tower joined together by a common corridor, and serves as a performing arts center in the civic district of Singapore.	Victoria Theatre and Concert Hall	Singapore
country	Sidcay (Spanish pronunciation: (siðˈkai)) is a town and parish in Cuenca Canton, Azuay Province, Ecuador.	Sidcay	Ecuador
country	The Bessarabian Peasants' Party (Romanian: Partidul Țărănesc din Basarabia, PȚB, also Partidul Țărănesc Basarabean, Partidul Țărănist Basarabean) or Moldavian National Democratic Party (Partidul Național-Democrat Moldovenesc) was an agrarian political party, active in the Kingdom of Romania and, more specifically, the region of Bessarabia.	Bessarabian Peasants' Party	Romania
country	Mingala is a sub-prefecture and town in the Basse-Kotto Prefecture of the southern Central African Republic.	Mingala	Central African Republic
country	Drozhzhanovsky District (Russian: Дрожжановский райо́н; Tatar: Чүпрәле районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Drozhzhanovsky District	Russia
country	Sélange (Séilen in Luxemburgisch, Selingen in German language) is a village in Luxembourg Province, in southern Belgium.	Sélange	Belgium
country	Sua Betong-Sunggala Highway, Federal Route 219, is a major highway in Port Dickson, Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia.	Sua Betong-Sunggala Highway	Malaysia
country	Ulyanovsk Baratayevka Airport (also Ulyanovsk Southwest Airport and Ul'yanovsk Airport) (IATA: ULV, ICAO: UWLL) is an airport in Russia located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southwest of Ulyanovsk.	Ulyanovsk Baratayevka Airport	Russia
country	Kamak-e Sofla (Persian: كمك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kamak-e Soflá; also known as Kamak and Kamak-e Pā’īn) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kamak-e Sofla	Iran
country	Indre Herøy Church (Norwegian: Indre Herøy kyrkje) is a parish church in Herøy Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Indre Herøy Church	Norway
country	The Protestant Church of Maluku is a Reformed church in Indonesia.	Protestant Church of Maluku	Indonesia
country	Crowne Plaza Chennai Adyar Park, formerly the Sheraton Park Hotel & Towers, is a five-star hotel located on TTK Road in Chennai, India.	Crowne Plaza Chennai Adyar Park	India
country	Fréjus (Occitan: Frejús, French pronunciation: ​(fʁe.ʒys)) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Fréjus	France
country	The Mozambique Channel (French: Canal du Mozambique, Malagasy: Lakandranon'i Mozambika, Portuguese: Canal de Moçambique) is an arm of the Indian Ocean located between Madagascar and Mozambique.	Mozambique Channel	Madagascar
country	Dar El Beïda (Arabic: الدار البضاء‎) is a suburb of Algiers, Algeria.	Dar El Beïda	Algeria
country	Anseong is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea, 80 kilometres (50 mi) south of Seoul.	Anseong	South Korea
country	Lindevang Station is a rapid transit station on the Copenhagen Metro in Frederiksberg, Denmark.	Lindevang Station	Denmark
country	Lago di Mergozzo (En. Lake Mergozzo) is a small sub-alpine lake in northern Italy just to the west of Lago Maggiore and north of Lago d'Orta, at the mouth of the Val d’Ossola in the province of Verbano Cusio Ossola, Piedmont.	Lago di Mergozzo	Italy
country	Gafsa (Tunisian Arabic: ڨفصة‎ Gafsˤa), originally called Capsa in Latin, is the capital of Gafsa Governorate of Tunisia.	Gafsa	Tunisia
country	Pak Sadat Colony (Urdu: پاک سادات کالونی ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Shah Faisal Town in Karachi, Sindh in Pakistan.	Pak Sadat Colony	Pakistan
country	RCAF Station Kingston was a World War II air training station built in 1940 at Collins Bay near Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	RCAF Station Kingston	Canada
country	Shri Varun Dev Mandir is a Hindu temple located in Manora Island in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Shri Varun Dev Mandir	Pakistan
country	Sevogle Airport (TC LID: CCM3), near the Miramichi River is operated by the Department of Natural Resources, Government of New Brunswick, Canada.	Sevogle Airport	Canada
country	Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics (KNURE) is a higher education institution of the highest level of accreditation in Ukraine.	Kharkiv National University of Radioelectronics	Ukraine
country	The Trondheim Synagogue (Norwegian: Synagogen i Trondheim) in Trondheim, Norway holds the distinction of being the second northernmost synagogue in the world (only the synagogue in Fairbanks, Alaska is further north).	Trondheim Synagogue	Norway
country	Kokal Barsin is one of the 57 Union councils of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Kokal	Pakistan
country	The Ducati Museum is a transport museum in Bologna, Italy at the Ducati factory.	Ducati Museum	Italy
country	Nasr City (Arabic: مدينة نصر‎ pronounced (mæˈdiːnɪt ˈnɑsˤɾ)) is a district of Cairo, Egypt.	Nasr City	Egypt
country	New Cairo Academy for Art & Science is in the Fifth Settlement, New Cairo, Egypt	New Cairo Academy	Egypt
country	Raufoss is the municipal centre of Vestre Toten, a municipality in the county of Oppland, Norway, 10 kilomenters south of the larger town Gjøvik.	Raufoss	Norway
country	The Mercantile Rowing Club is based in Melbourne, Australia on the Yarra River.	Mercantile Rowing Club	Australia
country	Darreh Keyvan (Persian: دره كيوان‎, also Romanized as Darreh Keyvān) is a village in Khabar Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darreh Keyvan	Iran
country	Waikanae (English pronunciation: /ˌwaɪkəˈnaɪ/, Māori pronunciation: (ˈwaikaˈnaɛ)) is a small town on New Zealand's Kapiti Coast.	Waikanae	New Zealand
country	Révfülöp is a town in Veszprém county, Hungary, located on the northern shore of the Balaton.	Révfülöp	Hungary
country	The Botanischer Garten Adorf is a botanical garden located at Waldbadstraße 7, Adorf, Saxony, Germany, created in 1997-1999 as an adjunct to the Klein-Vogtland miniatures park.	Botanischer Garten Adorf	Germany
country	Valencia Catholic University Saint Vincent Martyr (in Spanish language Universidad Católica de Valencia San Vicente Mártir) is a private, catholic university, located in Valencia, Spain.	Valencia Catholic University Saint Vincent Martyr	Spain
country	Vazovo (Bulgarian: Вазово, formerly Ески Балабанлар, Turkish: Eski Balabanlar) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of the Isperih Municipality of Razgrad Province, located in the central part of the Ludogorie region.	Vazovo	Bulgaria
country	Yulha-dong is a dong in Dong-gu, Daegu, South Korea.	Yulha-dong	South Korea
country	Horneby Sand halt is a railway halt serving the western part of the seaside resort town of Hornbæk on the north coast of North Zealand, Denmark.	Horneby Sand halt	Denmark
country	Sporting Clube da Brava (Capeverdean Crioulo, ALUPEC or ALUPEK: Sporting Klubi da Brava) is a football club that had played in the Premier division and plays in the Brava Island Division in Cape Verde.	Sporting Clube da Brava	Cape Verde
country	The Free National Movement (FNM) is a conservative political party in The Bahamas formed in the 1970s.	Free National Movement	The Bahamas
country	Shir Mohammadi (Persian: شيرمحمدي‎, also Romanized as Shīr Moḩammadī) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shir Mohammadi	Iran
country	Lanywa or Lan is a town in the Magway Division in Burma (Myanmar) on the right (western) bank of the Irrawaddy, just above Seikphyu and Chauk.	Lanywa	Myanmar
country	The Sistema Central runs in an ENE - WSW direction roughly along the southern border of the Spanish autonomous community of Castile and León and Extremadura continuing into the Guarda and Castelo Branco districts in Portugal.	Sistema Central	Portugal
country	Kalpaki (Greek: Καλπάκι) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit, Epirus, Greece.	Kalpaki	Greece
country	The Sykia Dam is a mostly constructed but unused earth-filled embankment dam on the Acheloos River along the border of Karditsa and Arta, Greece.	Sykia Dam	Greece
country	JW GROM (full name: Jednostka Wojskowa GROM im. Cichociemnych Spadochroniarzy Armii Krajowej, English: ``Military Unit GROM named in honour of the Silent Unseen of the Home Army'') is Poland's elite counter-terrorism unit.	JW GROM	Poland
country	Campo Arenal Aerodrome (Spanish: Aeródromo de Campo Arenal) is an airport in Campo Arenal in the Catamarca Province of Argentina.	Campo Arenal Aerodrome	Argentina
country	Aegidienberg is a district of Bad Honnef in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Aegidienberg	Germany
country	Taht-e Manzar (Persian: تحت منظر‎, also Romanized as Taḩt-e Manz̧ar) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Taht-e Manzar	Iran
country	The Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary is a nature reserve in the Stann Creek District of south-central Belize.	Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary	Belize
country	The Stawell Gift is Australia's oldest and richest short distance running race.	Stawell Gift	Australia
country	Maschwanden is a village in the district of Affoltern in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Maschwanden	Switzerland
country	Mijlar (Persian: ميجلار‎, also Romanized as Mījlār; also known as Mejel and Mejlār) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mijlar	Iran
country	Villa Corzo is a city and one of the 119 municipalities of Chiapas, in southern Mexico.	Villa Corzo	Mexico
country	Rouvas (Greek: Ρούβας) is a former municipality in the Heraklion regional unit, Crete, Greece.	Rouvas	Greece
country	The Gitxaala Nation is a First Nations government located at Kitkatla, British Columbia, Canada in that province's North Coast region.	Gitxaala Nation	Canada
country	Botiz (Hungarian: Batiz; Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒtiz)) is a commune of 4,698 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County, Romania.	Botiz	Romania
country	The Melbourne Society of Women Painters and Sculptors is the oldest surviving women's art group in Australia.	Melbourne Society of Women Painters and Sculptors	Australia
country	The Ashio Copper Mine, Ashio, Tochigi prefecture, Japan, became very significant from the end of the 19th century to the mid-20th century.	Ashio Copper Mine	Japan
country	Ułowo (uˈwɔvɔ) (German: Auhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ułowo	Poland
country	The Dolomitenlauf is a cross-country skiing marathon in Austria.	Dolomitenlauf	Austria
country	Gornja Radgona railway station (Slovene: Železniška postaja Gornja Radgona; German: Bahnhof Oberradkersburg) serves the municipality of Gornja Radgona, Slovenia.	Gornja Radgona railway station	Slovenia
country	Ashaiman (often wrongly spelled as ``Ashiaman'') is a large town in Greater Accra Region of South Ghana and is the capital of Ashaiman Municipal district, a district in Greater Accra Region.	Ashaiman	Ghana
country	Schachendorf (Croatian: Čajta, Hungarian: Csajta) is a town in the district of Oberwart in Burgenland in southeast Austria.	Schachendorf	Austria
country	Glangevlin (Irish: Gleann Ghaibhle) or The Kingdom of Glan is situated in the northwest of County Cavan, Ireland, at the junction of the R200 and R207 regional roads.	Glangevlin	Ireland
country	Kağıthane (Turkish pronunciation: (caɰɯtˈhaːne)), which used to be a working class district from the sixties on, has become one of the largest regeneration and real estate development areas of the city of Istanbul, Turkey.	Kağıthane	Turkey
country	Asanu (Persian: اسانو‎, also Romanized as Āsānū) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Asanu	Iran
country	Bayap Zoo is a Zoo located in Kamchay Mear District, Prey Veng Province, Cambodia.	Bayap Zoo	Cambodia
country	The Vrouwenheide (Women's heath) is a hill in the Netherlands and former heath land, just south of Ubachsberg in the municipality of Voerendaal.	Vrouwenheide	Netherlands
country	Brøndbyøster station is a commuter rail railway station serving the suburb of Brøndbyøster west of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Brøndbyøster station	Denmark
country	Aketi River is a river of the northern Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Aketi River	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Milas (ancient Greek Mylasa Μύλασα) is an ancient city and the seat of the district of the same name in Muğla Province in southwestern Turkey.	Milas	Turkey
country	Jawaharlal Navoday Vidhyalay Stadium is a cricket ground near Una, Himachal Pradesh, India.	Jawaharlal Navoday Vidhyalay Stadium	India
country	Southern Nova Scotia or the South Shore is a region of Nova Scotia, Canada.	Southern Nova Scotia	Canada
country	Igalo (Cyrillic: Игало) is a small town in the Herceg Novi municipality of Montenegro.	Igalo	Montenegro
country	Gouarec (Breton: Gwareg) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Gouarec	France
country	The Canadian Forest Service (CFS) is a sector of the Canadian government department of Natural Resources Canada.	Canadian Forest Service	Canada
country	K'ark'apata (Aymara k'ark'a crevice, fissure, crack, pata step, also spelled Jarjapata) is mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	K'ark'apata	Peru
country	Alcanadre is a town and municipality in La Rioja province in northern Spain.	Alcanadre	Spain
country	Rodovani (Greek: Ροδοβάνι) is a community and a small village in Chania regional unit on the island of Crete, Greece.	Rodovani	Greece
country	The Hotel Sacher Salzburg, Austria, is Salzburg's only grand hotel, a 5 star deluxe hotel.	Hotel Sacher Salzburg	Austria
country	The Château de Castelnau-Montratier was originally a 13th-century castle in the commune of Castelnau-Montratier in the Lot département of France.	Château de Castelnau-Montratier	France
country	The Saint John City Market is the oldest continuing farmer's market in Canada, with a charter dating from 1785.	Saint John City Market	Canada
country	A counterpart, Rädda Barnen (which means ``Save the Children''), was founded later that year in Sweden, and together with a number of other organizations, they founded the International Save the Children Union in Geneva on 6 January 1920.	Save the Children	Sweden
country	Moallem Kalayeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان معلم كلايه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Moallem Kalayeh Rural District	Iran
country	Naurath (Wald) is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Naurath (Wald)	Germany
country	The Headland Hotel is a Grade II listed building located in Newquay, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Headland Hotel	United Kingdom
country	Chah-e Raisi (Persian: چاه رئيسي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Ra'īsī) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Raisi	Iran
country	Şişpapaqlar (Armenian: Շիշպափախլար, also Shishpapakhlar) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şişpapaqlar	Azerbaijan
country	Dubai Medical College for Girls is the first private college awarding degree of Medicine & Surgery in the United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Medical College	United Arab Emirates
country	Röykkä is a village located in the Nurmijärvi municipality of Finland.	Röykkä	Finland
country	Pungsan-eup is a town in Andong in Southeast section of South Korea.	Pungsan-eup	South Korea
country	The Grand Council of Basel-Stadt (German: Grosser Rat) is the legislature of the canton of Basel-Stadt, in Switzerland.	Grand Council of Basel-Stadt	Switzerland
country	Tallinn University Academic Library (Estonian: Tallinna Ülikooli Akadeemiline Raamatukogu) is one of the most comprehensive research libraries of Estonia in all fields of knowledge, except construction and agriculture.	Tallinn University Academic Library	Estonia
country	The Maatschappij tot Nut van 't Algemeen (Nut for short; Society for Public Welfare) is a non-profit organization in the Netherlands founded in 1784 with the purpose of developing individuals and society, primarily through education.	Maatschappij tot Nut van 't Algemeen	Netherlands
country	The Jarše District (Slovene: Četrtna skupnost Jarše), or simply Jarše (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈjàːrʃɛ)), is a district (mestna četrt) of the City Municipality of Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Jarše District	Slovenia
country	The Andringitra Massif is a granite massif located within Andringitra National Park in Madagascar.	Andringitra Massif	Madagascar
country	Vareh Now (Persian: وره نو‎) is a village in Balghelu Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Vareh Now	Iran
country	The Ambassador City Jomtien is a large resort at Jomtien Bay, near Pattaya, Thailand, with ``over 4,210 rooms'' .	Ambassador City Jomtien	Thailand
country	Bolotnoye (Russian: Боло́тное, lit. swampy) is a town and the administrative center of Bolotninsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast, Russia, located 126 kilometers (78 mi) northeast of Novosibirsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Bolotnoye	Russia
country	Sporowo (spɔˈrɔvɔ) (German: Sparau) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sporowo	Poland
country	Ntenjeru County is a county in the Kayunga District in Uganda.	Ntenjeru County	Uganda
country	Campelles (Catalan pronunciation: (kəmˈpeʎəs)) is a village in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Campelles	Spain
country	The Dairy in the New Garden was built to plans by the master builder, Carl Gotthard Langhans, on the shore of the Jungfernsee lake at the northernmost tip of the New Garden in Potsdam, Germany.	Dairy in the New Garden	Germany
country	Vic-sur-Cère (Occitan: Vic en Carladés) is a commune in the Cantal department in south-central France.	Vic-sur-Cère	France
country	The Arboretum de la Jonchère (6 hectares) is an arboretum located in Le Bourg, near La Jonchère-Saint-Maurice, Haute-Vienne, Limousin, France.	Arboretum de la Jonchère	France
country	Deuri Parbaha (also: Perbaha) is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Deuri Parbaha	Nepal
country	Rayakottai, also spelled Rayakotta is a town in Denkanikottai taluk, Krishnagiri District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Rayakottai	India
country	Moheli Marine Park is the first protected area in the Comoros.	Moheli Marine Park	Comoros
country	Sławociesze is a part of the Szczecin City, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, east of the Szczecin Old Town, and Szczecin-Dąbie.	Sławociesze	Poland
country	MC Lothlorien, also commonly known as Lothlorien, was a video games developer and publisher based in United Kingdom.	MC Lothlorien	United Kingdom
country	Hacksjön is a small lake located east of the former airport at Tullinge, in the municipality Botkyrka in southern Stockholm, Sweden.	Hacksjön	Sweden
country	Palazzo Panciatichi or Palazzo del Balì is a medieval building in Pistoia, Tuscany, central Italy.	Palazzo Panciatichi	Italy
country	The École des Mines de Douai also called ``École Nationale Supérieure des Mines de Douai (Mines Douai)'' (ENSMD) is a French National Graduate School of Engineering (Grandes Ecoles d'ingénieurs) located in the city of Douai, close to Lille, North of France.	École des Mines de Douai	France
country	Estremoz (Portuguese pronunciation: ((ɨ)ʃtɾɨˈmoʃ)) is a municipality in Portugal.	Estremoz	Portugal
country	Mount Pirongia is an extinct volcano located in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island.	Mount Pirongia	New Zealand
country	The Ala Archa National Park is an alpine national park in the Tian Shan mountains of Kyrgyzstan, established in 1976 and located approximately 40 km south of the capital city of Bishkek.	Ala Archa National Park	Kyrgyzstan
country	La Faculté des Sciences Infirmières de l'Université Épiscopale d'Haïti à Léogâne or FSIL (English- Faculty of Nursing Science of the Episcopal University of Haiti in Léogâne) is a baccalaureate nursing school located in Léogâne, Haiti.	Faculté des Sciences Infirmières de l'Université Épiscopale d'Haïti à Léogâne	Haiti
country	Kostanjevica Monastery (Italian: Castagnevizza) is a Franciscan monastery in Pristava near Nova Gorica, Slovenia.	Kostanjevica Monastery	Slovenia
country	Titila (Russian: Титила) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Titila	Russia
country	Songdo Central Park is a public park in the Songdo district of Incheon, South Korea.	Songdo Central Park	South Korea
country	Muthirapuzha River is the major tributaries of the Periyar River, the longest river in Kerala state south India.	Muthirapuzha River	India
country	Dragoši (pronounced (ˈdɾaːɡɔʃi)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River east of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Dragoši	Slovenia
country	Wola Krecowska (ˈvɔla krɛˈt͡sɔfska) (Ukrainian: Воля Крецівська, Volia Kretsivs’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tyrawa Wołoska, within Sanok County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Krecowska	Poland
country	Huhtiniemi is a neighborhood in the city of Lappeenranta in South-Eastern Finland.	Huhtiniemi	Finland
country	São Luiz Gonzaga (Portuguese for St. Aloysius Gonzaga) is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	São Luiz Gonzaga	Brazil
country	In Zghmir (also known as In Z'Ghmir) is a town in south-central Algeria.	In Zghmir	Algeria
country	Borjageh (Persian: برجگه‎; also known as Borjakah, Borjakeh, Borjekeh, Burajgāh, and Būrjgāh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Borjageh	Iran
country	Sredoseltsi (Bulgarian: Средоселци; Turkish: Ortamahalle) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Isperih Municipality and situated in the central part of the Ludogorie region.	Sredoseltsi	Bulgaria
country	Slotten Chapel (Norwegian: Slotten kapell; Slåtten kapell) is a chapel in Måsøy Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Slotten Chapel	Norway
country	Guerrero Negro Airport (IATA: GUB, ICAO: MMGR, FAA LID: MM58) is an airport located 6 km North of Guerrero Negro, Baja California Sur, Mexico, but located in the neighboring state of Baja California.	Guerrero Negro Airport	Mexico
country	Mauseidvåg or Mauseidvågen is a village in Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Mauseidvåg	Norway
country	Aokas is a coastal city and district in Béjaïa Province in northern Algeria, located at about 25 kilometres from the provincial capital city of Béjaïa.	Aokas	Algeria
country	Urqumayu (Quechua urqu mountain / male, mayu river, ``mountain river'' or ``male river'', hispanicized spelling Orgomayo) or Vizcarra (named after a prefect of Huánuco, Colonel Pedro C. Vizcarra) is a river in the Ancash Region and in the Huánuco Region in Peru.	Urqumayu	Peru
country	Naramice (naraˈmit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Naramice	Poland
country	Lake Rototoa is a lake located at the northern end of the south head of the Kaipara Harbour in the Rodney District of Auckland Region, New Zealand.	Lake Rototoa	New Zealand
country	Kheyreh Masjed (Persian: خيره مسجد‎, also Romanized as Khīreh Masjed; also known as Kheyna Majīd and Khin Majid) is a village in Qurigol Rural District, in the Central District of Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kheyreh Masjed	Iran
country	Žarnovica (German: Scharnowitz; Hungarian: Zsarnóca) is a town and municipality in the Žarnovica District, Banská Bystrica Region in Slovakia.	Žarnovica	Slovakia
country	The Petaling Komuter station (formerly Petaling railway station) is a commuter train station located in the Petaling district of Selangor, Malaysia, and served by the Sentul-Port Klang Route.	Petaling Komuter station	Malaysia
country	São Brás de Alportel (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w ˈβɾaʃ ðɨ ɐɫpuɾˈtɛɫ)) is a municipality in the District of Faro in Portugal.	São Brás de Alportel	Portugal
country	In communist East Germany, Goetheforschung was upheld as part of the regime's conservative cultural policy (German: Kulturpolitik) promoting Weimar classicism as the foundation of Germany's cultural heritage.	Goetheforschung	Germany
country	Ab Talkhun (Persian: اب تلخون‎, also Romanized as Āb Talkhūn) is a village in Khir Rural District, Runiz District, Estahban County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Talkhun	Iran
country	Balatonlelle is a popular tourist town located in Hungary on the southern shore of Lake Balaton, about 35 km west of Siófok.	Balatonlelle	Hungary
country	Beit Yanai (Hebrew: בֵּית יַנַּאי, lit. House of Yanai) is a moshav in central Israel.	Beit Yanai	Israel
country	Senji-ye Olya (Persian: سنجي عليا‎, also Romanized as Senjī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Senjī and Sanjī) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 20 families.	Senji-ye Olya	Iran
country	Chal-e Anjireh (Persian: چال انجيره‎, also Romanized as Chāl-e Ānjīreh; also known as Chāl-e Ānjīr) is a village in Lalar and Katak Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal-e Anjireh	Iran
country	With an average of 150 performances a year the Bimhuis is the main stage for these musical genres in the Netherlands.	Bimhuis	Netherlands
country	Gävle University College (Swedish: Högskolan i Gävle) is a university college (högskola) located in Gävle, Sweden.	Gävle University College	Sweden
country	Rohilanwali (Urdu: روہِيلاں والى‎), is a popular town of Muzaffargarh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Rohilanwali	Pakistan
country	The Estadio Ciudad de Puertollano is a multi-use stadium located in Puertollano, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Estadio Ciudad de Puertollano	Spain
country	Eicke's House (German: Eickesches Haus) is a listed residential timber frame building in north German Renaissance style, located in the pedestrian zone of Einbeck, Germany.	Eicke's House	Germany
country	Rodi e Kollatës also called Maja e Kollatës is the mountain peak in the Prokletije range in northern Albania.	Rodi e Kollatës	Albania
country	Giridava (Giridaua, Geridava) was a Dacian town, situated in Moesia, modern northern Bulgaria.	Giridava	Bulgaria
country	Refen (Persian: رفن‎) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Refen	Iran
country	The Helsinki Burlesque Festival is an annual burlesque festival held in Helsinki, Finland, in late winter every year.	Helsinki Burlesque Festival	Finland
country	The Istituto agronomico per l'oltremare (IAO) (Overseas Agronomic Institute) in Florence, Italy, is a technical and scientific body of the Italian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.	Istituto agronomico per l'oltremare	Italy
country	Bartica, Essequibo, is a town on the left bank of the Essequibo River in Cuyuni-Mazaruni (Region 7), at the confluence of the Cuyuni and Mazaruni Rivers with the Essequibo River in Guyana.	Bartica	Guyana
country	Balchik (Bulgarian: Балчик, Romanian: Balcic, Turkish: Balçık) is a Black Sea coastal town and seaside resort in the Southern Dobruja area of northeastern Bulgaria.	Balchik	Bulgaria
country	Vețel (Hungarian: Vecel; German: Witzel) is a commune in Hunedoara County, Romania.	Vețel	Romania
country	Carora is a town in Lara State, Venezuela, on the Morere River, a branch of the Tocuyo River.	Carora	Venezuela
country	Lauka (German: Lauk) is a village in Hiiu Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.	Lauka	Estonia
country	Suva is the capital and the second most populated municipality of Fiji, after Nasinu.	Suva	Fiji
country	Mohammad Deh (Persian: محمدده‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Deh; also known as Mamdeh and Mamiye) is a village in Khandan Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Mohammad Deh	Iran
country	Upper Swabia (German: Oberschwaben or Schwäbisches Oberland) is a region in Germany in the federal states of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria.	Upper Swabia	Germany
country	Lake Tumba (or Ntomba) is a shallow lake in northwestern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in the Bikoro Territory of Équateur Province.	Lake Tumba	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Wakeman River is a river in the western Pacific Ranges on the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada, flowing south into Wakeman Sound, which is a sidewater of Kingcome Inlet.	Wakeman River	Canada
country	Yalong Bay Railway Station, formerly known as Tiandu Railway Station, is a railway station of Hainan East Ring Intercity Rail, serving the Yalong Bay, located in Located in Tiandu town, some 10 km north-east of downtown Sanya City, Hainan, People's Republic of China.	Yalong Bay Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	The church of Saint Étienne in Waha is one of the oldest Romanesque churches in Belgium.	Waha	Belgium
country	Asaro River is a river in Eastern Highlands province, Papua New Guinea, located at 6.3666667°S 145.2°E.	Asaro River	Papua New Guinea
country	Bürgstadt is a market community in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and the seat of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Erftal.	Bürgstadt	Germany
country	Filfili (also, Bash-Fil’filli, Filfilli, and Filifli) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Filfili	Azerbaijan
country	Humleby (lit. ``Hop's Town'') is an enclave of terraced houses situated next to the Carlsberg area in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Humleby	Denmark
country	Jánské kameny (German: Johannisstein) is a mountain in the Lusatian Mountains, on the border of Germany and the Czech Republic.	Jánské kameny	Germany
country	Vorderwaldberg is a dispersed settlement in the Oberpinzgau, the upper Salzach valley and the district of Zell am See/Pinzgau, and also a village in the municipality of Wald im Pinzgau, on the southern edge of the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.	Vorderwaldberg	Austria
country	Vrgorac (pronounced (ʋř̩ɡorats), Italian: Vergoraz) is a town in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia County.	Vrgorac	Croatia
country	Lanjik (Armenian: Լանջիկ, also Romanized as Landzhik; formerly, Muslugli) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Lanjik	Armenia
country	Radio Shalom Dijon is a local associative radio station of Jewish sensitivity based in Dijon, France.	Radio Shalom Dijon	France
country	The Ad Dimaniyat Islands are a protected area in Oman.	Ad Dimaniyat Islands	Oman
country	Phocis (/ˈfoʊsɪs/; Greek: Φωκίδα, pronounced (foˈciða), Ancient Greek: Φωκίς (pʰɔːkís)) is one of the regional units of Greece.	Phocis	Greece
country	Doon Heritage Village is a living history museum located in the former Doon village, now part of Kitchener, Ontario, Canada which recreates life in rural Waterloo County during the year 1914.	Doon Heritage Village	Canada
country	Brje pri Koprivi (pronounced (ˈbəɾjɛ pɾi kɔˈpɾiːʋi)) is a small settlement southeast of Kopriva in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Brje pri Koprivi	Slovenia
country	Nəzəralılı (also, Nazarally) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nəzəralılı	Azerbaijan
country	Engelbrechtsmünster is a village in Bavaria, Germany, now part of the municipality of Geisenfeld.	Engelbrechtsmünster	Germany
country	Baszyn (ˈbaʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Baszyn	Poland
country	Dauksti parish (Latvian: Daukstu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Gulbene District, Latvia.	Dauksti parish	Latvia
country	Coronel Moldes (Salta) is a town and municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina.	Coronel Moldes	Argentina
country	Bushbuckridge (Afrikaans: Bosbokrand) is the main town in Bushbuckridge Local Municipality, Ehlanzeni District, Mpumalanga, South Africa.	Bushbuckridge	South Africa
country	Nizhneudinsk (Russian: Нижнеудинск; IPA: (nʲɪʐnʲɪˈudʲɪnsk)) is a town and the administrative center of Nizhneudinsky District of Irkutsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Uda River (Yenisei's basin), 506 kilometers (314 mi) northwest of Irkutsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Nizhneudinsk	Russia
country	Nasirabad-e Galeh (Persian: نصيراباد گله‎, also Romanized as Naşīrābād-e Galeh) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Nasirabad-e Galeh	Iran
country	The Blenheim Riverside Railway (BRRS or BRR) is a 2 ft (610 mm) narrow gauge heritage railway in Blenheim, New Zealand.	Blenheim Riverside Railway	New Zealand
country	Avtalion (Hebrew: אַבְטַלְיוֹן) is a communal settlement in northern Israel.	Avtalion	Israel
country	The Democratic Convergence of Catalonia (Catalan: Convergència Democràtica de Catalunya, CDC; IPA: (kumbərˈʒɛnsiə ðəmuˈkɾatikə ðə kətəˈɫuɲə)) is a Catalan nationalist, pro-independence and liberal party in Catalonia (Spain).	Democratic Convergence of Catalonia	Spain
country	Wrinkly Face Provincial Park is a provincial park 16 kilometres north of Winfield in British Columbia, Canada.	Wrinkly Face Provincial Park	Canada
country	Maloyaroslavets (Russian: Малояросла́вец) is a town and the administrative center of Maloyaroslavetsky District in Kaluga Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Luzha River (Oka's basin), 61 kilometers (38 mi) northeast of Kaluga, the administrative center of the oblast.	Maloyaroslavets	Russia
country	The Tehran School of Political Science (Persian: مدرسه علوم سياسی تهران‎ Madraseh-ye olum-e siyasi), was one of the first modern institutions of higher education in Iran at the turn of the twentieth century.	Tehran School of Political Science	Iran
country	Hamisheh Behar (Persian: هميشه بهار‎, also Romanized as Hamīsheh Behār) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hamisheh Behar	Iran
country	Aradhe is a town in the Isoko North Local Government Area (LGA), Isoko region of Delta State, Nigeria.	Aradhe	Nigeria
country	Alūksne Castle (Latvian: Marienburgas pils, Alūksnes pils; German: Marienburg) is a castle of Teutonic Knights in current Alūksne, North-Eastern Latvia.	Alūksne Castle	Latvia
country	Şixandağ (also, Shakhan-Dag and Shakhan-Dag, Kishlak) is a village in the Gobustan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şixandağ	Azerbaijan
country	Ašelice (pronounced (ˈaːʃɛlitsɛ); German: Aschelitz or Aschletz) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia.	Ašelice	Slovenia
country	La Alamedilla is a town and municipality in Spain, in the province of Salamanca, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	La Alamedilla	Spain
country	Ostrowice (ɔstrɔˈvit͡sɛ) (formerly German Wusterwitz) is a village in Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ostrowice	Poland
country	Canon Island (Inis na Canánach in Irish) is an island situated in the River Shannon, about 2.5 km (1.6 mi) east of the village of Kildysart, County Clare in Ireland and about 1.5 km (0.9 mi) from the shore on the mainland.	Canon Island	Ireland
country	Loksa is a town and municipality in Harju County, northern Estonia.	Loksa	Estonia
country	Mauzé-sur-le-Mignon is a commune in the Deux-Sèvres department in western France, the birthplace of René Caillié.	Mauzé-sur-le-Mignon	France
country	Australia's National Reserve System (NRS) is a network of more than 10,000 Commonwealth plus state and territory protected areas which, in combination, on a national scale, protect more than 137 million hectares (greater than 17% of the continent's) unique biodiversity and most significant ecological landscapes for future generations.	National Reserve System	Australia
country	The Aragonese Party (Spanish: Partido Aragonés, PAR) is a political party which advocates the interests of Aragon within Spain.	Aragonese Party	Spain
country	Trzebownisko (tʂɛbɔvˈniskɔ) is a village in Rzeszów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Trzebownisko	Poland
country	The 1999 Honda Indy 300 was the nineteenth and penultimate round of the 1999 CART season, held on 17 October 1999 on the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, Surfers Paradise, Queensland, Australia.	1999 Honda Indy 300	Australia
country	Kamina Barracks (6th Battalion of Infantry; 6Bn) is a settlement in Tamale for personnel of the Northern Regional Command of the Ghana Army branch of the Ghana Armed Forces.	Kamina Barracks	Ghana
country	Kalmar Castle (Swedish: Kalmar slott) is a castle in Kalmar, the province of Småland in Sweden.	Kalmar Castle	Sweden
country	De Heurne is a village in the municipality of Aalten, near Dinxperlo (Achterhoek region) in the eastern Netherlands.	De Heurne	Netherlands
country	Kalinowo-Czosnowo (kaliˈnɔvɔ t͡ʂɔsˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kalinowo-Czosnowo	Poland
country	Ahlainen (Swedish: Vittisbofjärd) is a former municipality in the province of Satakunta, Finland.	Ahlainen	Finland
country	The Ha Chhu (also spelled Haa Chhu) is a river in west-central Bhutan, it is a tributary of the Raidak River (Wong Chhu).	Ha Chhu	Bhutan
country	TUI Group (German: TUI (Touristik Union International) Aktiengesellschaft) is a multinational travel and tourism company headquartered in Hannover, Germany.	TUI Group	Germany
country	Schweizer Fernsehen (SF) (Swiss Television) is the German language division of SRG SSR, in charge of production and distribution of television programmes in Switzerland for German-speaking Switzerland.	Schweizer Fernsehen	Switzerland
country	Pereiro de Palhacana (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɨˈɾɐjɾu dɨ pɐʎɐˈkɐnɐ)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Pereiro de Palhacana	Portugal
country	Groussey is a village in the commune Jullouville, in the Manche département of Normandy, France.	Groussey	France
country	Mazraeh-ye Asparuzian (Persian: مزرعه اسپروزيان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Āsparūzīān) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, in the Central District of Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Asparuzian	Iran
country	Sanam Khli (Thai: สนามคลี) is a subdistrict (tambon) in the Bang Krathum district of Phitsanulok Province (amphoe), Thailand.	Sanam Khli	Thailand
country	Casa Capșa is a historic restaurant in Bucharest, Romania, first established in 1852.	Casa Capșa	Romania
country	The Arboretum de Font-Romeu (9 hectares) is an arboretum located at an altitude of 1800 metres within the Forêt de Font-Romeu near Font-Romeu-Odeillo-Via, Pyrénées-Orientales, Languedoc-Roussillon, France.	Arboretum de Font-Romeu	France
country	The Blauhöhle is the largest cave system in the Swabian Alps in southern Germany.	Blauhöhle	Germany
country	The Júcar (Spanish: (ˈxukar)) or Xúquer (Valencian: (ˈʃukeɾ)) is a river on the Iberian Peninsula of Spain.	Júcar	Spain
country	The EML Sakala (M314) was built in the United Kingdom, in a Vosper Thornycroft shipyard.	EML Sakala (M314)	United Kingdom
country	The Canadian Hurricane Centre (CHC) is a division of the Meteorological Service of Canada, an agency of Canada's Department of the Environment, which exists to advise Canadians on the threat of tropical cyclones such as hurricanes and tropical storms.	Canadian Hurricane Centre	Canada
country	Bueng Khong Long is a subdistrict (tambon) in Bueng Khong Long District, in Bueng Kan Province, northeastern Thailand.	Bueng Khong Long	Thailand
country	The Hinterwaldkopf is a mountain, 1,198.2 m above sea level (NHN), in the Southern Black Forest in Germany.	Hinterwaldkopf	Germany
country	Maryborough State High School (commonly abbreviated as 'MSHS') is a public high school located in Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.	Maryborough State High School	Australia
country	Linyovo Ozero (Russian: Линёво озеро) is a village (selo) in the central part of Khiloksky District of Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia, located on the Bludnaya River.	Linyovo Ozero	Russia
country	Samanjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Самањац ) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Boljevac.	Samanjac	Serbia
country	Gantiadi (Georgian: განთიადი; Russian: Гантиади) or Tsandryphsh (Abkhaz: Цандрыҧшь; Russian: Цандрыпш), is an urban-type settlement on the Black Sea coast in Georgia in the Gagra District of Abkhazia, 5 km from the Russian border.	Gantiadi	Georgia
country	The Museum of Prehistoric Anthropology is located within the Jardin Exotique de Monaco.	Museum of Prehistoric Anthropology	Monaco
country	Zdzieci Stare (ˈzd͡ʑɛt͡ɕi ˈstarɛ) (till December 31, 2000 as at Stare Zdzieci) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zdzieci Stare	Poland
country	It is the district center of Washir District, Helmand Province, Afghanistan.	Washir	Afghanistan
country	Segangan (Berber: Azɣenɣan or Azghenghan, Arabic: أزغنغان) is a town and municipality in the province of Nador, Oriental, Morocco.	Segangan	Morocco
country	Macauley Island is a volcanic island in New Zealand's Kermadec Islands, approximately halfway between New Zealand's North Island and Tonga in the southwest Pacific Ocean.	Macauley Island	New Zealand
country	La Corona is the name given by archaeologists to an ancient Maya court residence in Guatemala's Petén department that was discovered in 1996, and later identified as the long-sought ``Site Q'', the source of a long series of unprovenanced limestone reliefs of exceptional artistic quality.	La Corona	Guatemala
country	Kalevi-Liiva are sand dunes in Jõelähtme Parish in Harju County, Estonia.	Kalevi-Liiva	Estonia
country	Diansar (Persian: ديانسر‎, also Romanized as Dīānsar; also known as Dīāmūnsar and Vīānsar) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Diansar	Iran
country	Sochos (Greek: Σοχός, (so'xos)) is a community and a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Sochos	Greece
country	The Technopolis Innovation Park Delft (or Technopolis) is a science park in Delft, Netherlands.	Technopolis Innovation Park Delft	Netherlands
country	Kraten is a harbour town on the northern edge of the Kerkennah Islands of Tunisia.	Kraten	Tunisia
country	Yeshivas Bais Yisroel, colloquially known as ``Bais'', is an English-language, Litvish Haredi yeshiva for post-high-school boys located in the Neve Yaakov neighborhood of Jerusalem, Israel.	Yeshivas Bais Yisroel	Israel
country	Spinnenkop Wedderveer (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈspɪnənˌkɔp ˌʋɛdərˈveːr)) is a wind powered sawmill in the village of Wedderveer, Groningen, Netherlands.	Spinnenkop Wedderveer	Netherlands
country	Gwin Town (also known as Bablobli or Babloh-Bli) is a populated place in the county of Grand Gedeh in Liberia.	Gwin Town	Liberia
country	The Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium also known as New VCA stadium is a cricket ground built in 2008 located in Nagpur, Maharashtra, India.	Vidarbha Cricket Association Stadium	India
country	Razgor pri Žabljeku (pronounced (ˈɾaːzɡɔɾ pɾi ˈʒaːbljɛku)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Razgor pri Žabljeku	Slovenia
country	Boždarevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Бождаревац) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Boždarevac	Serbia
country	Nedumbassery is a suburb of the city of Kochi situated 27 kilometres (17 mi) north of the city and 40 kilometres (25 mi) from Thrissur in Kerala, India.	Nedumbassery	India
country	The Taraba River is a river in Taraba State, Nigeria, a tributary of the Benue River.	Taraba River	Nigeria
country	Ngome Forest is situated to the east of Vryheid, KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Ngome Forest	South Africa
country	Ağamalıoğlu (also, Agamalyoglu) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ağamalıoğlu	Azerbaijan
country	South Baffin is a territorial electoral district (riding) for the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, Canada.	South Baffin	Canada
country	Salamat School System (SSS) is a group of elite private fee-paying academic institutions throughout Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan.	Salamat School System	Pakistan
country	Mowsemabad (Persian: موسم آباد‎, also Romanized as Mowsemābād; also known as Mowsīmābād) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Mowsemabad	Iran
country	Lebahdo, originally Watson's Siding, is an unincorporated rural community and former Canadian Pacific Railway station and siding in the Slocan Valley of the West Kootenay region of the southeastern Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located just south of Winlaw, British Columbia.	Lebahdo	Canada
country	Tren de las Sierras (technically known as the ``A-1'' branch of the General Belgrano Railway) is a regional 150.8 km (93.7 mi) regional rail line in Córdoba Province of Argentina.	Tren de las Sierras	Argentina
country	Saltholm (Salt Islet) is a Danish island in the Øresund, the strait that separates Denmark and Sweden.	Saltholm	Denmark
country	Cimișlia (Romanian pronunciation: (t͡ʃimiʃˈli.a)) is a city in the southern part of Moldova, on the banks of the Cogâlnic River.	Cimișlia	Moldova
country	Minbu Township (Burmese: မင်းဘူး မြို့နယ်) is a township of Minbu District in the Magway Division of Myanmar.	Minbu Township	Myanmar
country	The Dumbrava Sibiului Natural Park (Romanian: Parcul Natural Dumbrava Sibiului) (natural park category V IUCN) is a protected area situated in central Romania, in Sibiu County, in administrative territory of Sibiu city.	Dumbrava Sibiului Natural Park	Romania
country	Lovrečica or San Lorenzo is a village in Croatia.	Lovrečica	Croatia
country	Talkh Ab-e Valad (Persian: تلخاب ولد‎, also Romanized as Talkh Āb-e Valad; also known as Talkh Āb) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Talkh Ab-e Valad	Iran
country	The Kakatiya Medical College (KMC) is one of the medical schools of Telangana, located in Warangal under the gamut of NTR University of Health Sciences and the Medical Council of India (MCI).	Kakatiya Medical College	India
country	Saint Birgitta's chapel (Swedish: Sankt Britas kapell) is located on the east coast of the island of Öland, Sweden, some four kilometers from the village of Bredsättra in Bredsättra socken, Borgholm Municipality, in a marshy area called Kapelludden.	Saint Birgitta's chapel	Sweden
country	Filsum is a small municipality in the Leer district, in the North West of Germany.	Filsum	Germany
country	Oeiras International School (OIS) is an IB World School in Oeiras, a suburb of Lisbon, Portugal.	Oeiras International School	Portugal
country	Gulshan-e-Hadeed or Gulshan-e-Hadid (Sindhi: گلشن حديد ‎) (meaning Garden of Iron) is a neighborhood of Bin Qasim Town, Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gulshan-e-Hadeed	Pakistan
country	Borycz (ˈbɔrɨt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbicko, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Borycz	Poland
country	Haripur Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil), of Haripur District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Haripur Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Campotéjar is a village located in the province of Granada, Spain.	Campotéjar	Spain
country	Bereychiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: بريچيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bereychīyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bereychiyeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Béréni-Dialla (also known as Béréni-Marbana) is a village in western Ivory Coast.	Béréni-Dialla	Ivory Coast
country	The Ilha Solteira Dam is an embankment dam on the Paraná River near Ilha Solteira in São Paulo, Brazil.	Ilha Solteira Dam	Brazil
country	Deutscher Konsumentenbund criticizes local community tax laws currently in effect in Germany and has formed a coalition to alter or abolish the current legal structures.	Deutscher Konsumentenbund	Germany
country	C Restaurant is a revolving restaurant located at Level 33 of St Martins Tower in Perth, Western Australia.	C Restaurant	Australia
country	Sabana Iglesia is a town and municipality in the Santiago province of the Dominican Republic.	Sabana Iglesia	Dominican Republic
country	The Institute for Health and Consumer Protection or IHCP, located in Ispra, Italy, is one of the seven institutes of the Joint Research Centre (JRC), a Directorate-General of the European Commission (EC).	Institute for Health and Consumer Protection	Italy
country	Stanley Park Neighbourhood is a neighbourhood of the West End in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Stanley Park Neighbourhood	Canada
country	Toszek Castle - a Renaissance styled castle, located in Toszek (23 km away from Gliwice, Silesian Voivodeship in Poland.	Toszek Castle	Poland
country	Bejuma is a small town in Carabobo State, Venezuela, seat of the Bejuma Municipality.	Bejuma	Venezuela
country	Luttach (Italian: Lutago) is a mountain village in northern Italy.	Luttach	Italy
country	Gyeongju Civic Stadium (Korean: 경주시민운동장), is a multi-use stadium in Gyeongju, South Korea It used mostly for football matches.	Gyeongju Civic Stadium	South Korea
country	Lacson Avenue is the principal northwest-southeast artery serving Sampaloc district in northern Manila, Philippines.	Lacson Avenue	Philippines
country	Kfar Yedidia (Hebrew: כְּפַר יְדִידְיָה, lit. Yedidia Village) is a moshav in central Israel.	Kfar Yedidia	Israel
country	Gradojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Градојевић) is a village in Serbia.	Gradojević	Serbia
country	Java-eiland (literally, ``Java Island'') is a neighbourhood of Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Java-eiland	Netherlands
country	The Städtebahn Sachsen is a railway company operating regional train services in Saxony, Germany by order of Verkehrsverbund Oberelbe.	Städtebahn Sachsen	Germany
country	Salanjeh Zaruni (Persian: سلنجه ضروني‎‎, also Romanized as Salanjeh Ẕarūnī; also known as ʿAlī Ḩoseyn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Salanjeh Zaruni	Iran
country	Pompoï is a town in the Pompoï Department of Balé Province in southern Burkina Faso.	Pompoï	Burkina Faso
country	The KLP road (Karachi-Lahore-Peshawar Road) is the longest highway in Pakistan between Karachi to Lahore to Rawalpindi and Islamabad to Peshawar.	KLP road	Pakistan
country	The University City of Bogotá (Spanish: Ciudad Universitaria de Bogotá, CUB), also known as the White City (Spanish: Ciudad Blanca), is the flagship campus of the National University of Colombia, located near Teusaquillo, in Bogotá, Colombia.	University City of Bogotá	Colombia
country	Southern Cross Auckland Surgical Centre is a private day-stay hospital in Remuera, Auckland City, New Zealand.	Southern Cross Auckland Surgical Centre	New Zealand
country	Varnavas (Greek: Βαρνάβας ``Barnabas'') is a town in East Attica, Greece.	Varnavas	Greece
country	Vahdat District (also spelled Vakhdat, Tajik: Ноҳияи Ваҳдат; Persian: ناحیۀ وحدت‎) is one of the larger districts of the Districts of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan, called Kofarnihon District until the introduction of a new administrative division in the end of 2003.	Vahdat District	Tajikistan
country	Asprovalta (Greek: Ασπροβάλτα) is a town in the regional unit of Thessaloniki in northern Greece.	Asprovalta	Greece
country	The Lae War Cemetery, established in 1944, is located adjacent to the Botanical Gardens in the centre of the city of Lae, the capital of Morobe Province, in Papua New Guinea.	Lae War Cemetery	Papua New Guinea
country	CBLFT-DT, virtual and UHF channel 25, is an Ici Radio-Canada Télé owned-and-operated television station located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	CBLFT-DT	Canada
country	Sierras de Cazorla, Segura y Las Villas Natural Park (Spanish: Parque Natural de las Sierras de Cazorla, Segura y Las Villas) is a natural park in the eastern and northeastern part of the province of Jaén, Spain, established in 1986.	Sierras de Cazorla, Segura y Las Villas Natural Park	Spain
country	Kalleh-ye Shurehi (Persian: كله شوره اي (جعفراباد)‎, also Romanized as Kalleh-ye Shūreh’ī; also known as Jaʿfarābād) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kalleh-ye Shurehi	Iran
country	Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport or Villeneuve Airport, (ICAO: CZVL), is located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west of Villeneuve in Sturgeon County, Alberta, Canada.	Edmonton/Villeneuve Airport	Canada
country	The Oberaargletscher (German pronunciation: (ˈoːbərɑːrˌglɛtʃər)), literally ``Upper Aare-Glacier'' is a 4 km (2.5 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.	Oberaargletscher	Switzerland
country	Kyunde (Russian: Кюнде; Sakha: Кыадаҥда) is a rural locality (a selo), one of two settlements, in addition to Sydybyl, the administrative centre of the Rural Okrug, in Chochunsky Rural Okrug of Vilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Kyunde	Russia
country	Ust-Karsk (Russian: Усть-карск), formerly known as Ust-Kara (Russian: Усть-кара) is an urban-type settlement in the Sretensky District of Zabaykalsky Krai, Russia.	Ust-Karsk	Russia
country	Southern Jutland (Danish: Sønderjylland) is the name for the region south of the Kongeå in Jutland, Denmark and north of the Eider (river) in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Southern Jutland	Denmark
country	Podrózie (pɔˈdruʑe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Działoszyce, within Pińczów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Podrózie	Poland
country	Junkarsborg was a medieval castle in Karis, Finland.	Junkarsborg	Finland
country	The Lulua Mosque (Arabic: مسجد لؤلؤة‎) (meaning:the Pearl) is a mosque in Cairo, Egypt, that was built in 1015--16 AD.	Lulua Mosque	Egypt
country	The Statue of Lenin in Bila Tserkva (in Ukrainian: Пам'ятник В.І.Леніну) was a sculpture monument to the revolutionary Vladimir Lenin, located in Bila Tserkva, Ukraine.	Statue of Lenin in Bila Tserkva	Ukraine
country	The Montreal Museum of Fine Arts (MMFA) (French: Musée des beaux-arts de Montréal) is an art museum in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Montreal Museum of Fine Arts	Canada
country	Spodnji Brnik (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈbərːnik); in older sources also Spodnji Bernik, German: Unterfernig) is a settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnji Brnik	Slovenia
country	The Kaiwara River is a river of the northern South Island of New Zealand.	Kaiwara River	New Zealand
country	Swainson Island is an unpopulated island with an adjacent islet, located close to the south-western coast of Tasmania, Australia.	Swainson Island	Australia
country	Šilalė ( pronunciation ) is a city in the Tauragė County, Lithuania.	Šilalė	Lithuania
country	The Stawell Underground Physics Laboratory (SUPL) is a laboratory under construction 1 km deep in the Stawell Goldmine, located in Stawell, Victoria, Australia.	Stawell Underground Physics Laboratory	Australia
country	Doyleston is a small Canterbury township in the South Island of New Zealand.	Doyleston	New Zealand
country	Birjand County (Persian: شهرستان بیرجند‎) is a county in South Khorasan province, Iran.	Birjand County	Iran
country	Hodilje is a village located in the municipality of Ston, in the Dubrovnik-Neretva County, Croatia.	Hodilje	Croatia
country	Matabeleland cricket team was a first-class cricket team representing the Matabeleland province in Zimbabwe.	Matabeleland cricket team	Zimbabwe
country	Puszcza Solska Landscape Park (Park Krajobrazowy Puszczy Solskiej) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in eastern Poland, established in 1988, and covering an area of 289.80 square kilometres (111.89 sq mi).	Puszcza Solska Landscape Park	Poland
country	El Eucaliptus is a caserío (hamlet) in the centre of Paysandú Department, in western Uruguay.	El Eucaliptus	Uruguay
country	Skapiškis is a town in the Kupiškis district municipality, Lithuania.	Skapiškis	Lithuania
country	Marmara University (Turkish Marmara Üniversitesi) is a public university in the Fatih district of Istanbul, in Turkey.	Marmara University	Turkey
country	Mong Ton Township or Mong Tong Township is a township of Mongsat District in the Shan State of Myanmar.	Mong Ton Township	Myanmar
country	Musoma Airport (IATA: MUZ, ICAO: HTMU) is an airport in northern Tanzania serving Musoma and the surrounding Mara Region.	Musoma Airport	Tanzania
country	Khosrov Forest State Reserve (Armenian: Խոսրովի անտառ պետական արգելոց), is a national park in Armenia.	Khosrov Forest State Reserve	Armenia
country	Leirvogsvatn is a small lake, located about 23 kilometres northeast of Reykjavík, Iceland.	Leirvogsvatn	Iceland
country	Kaliurang is a small town about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of the city of Yogyakarta on the southern slopes of Mount Merapi volcano in central Java in Indonesia.	Kaliurang	Indonesia
country	Moara Vlăsiei is a commune in the northern part of Ilfov County, Romania.	Moara Vlăsiei	Romania
country	Humberview Secondary School (formerly The Humberview School) is a high school in Bolton, Caledon, Ontario, Canada.	Humberview Secondary School	Canada
country	Perellos Redoubt (Maltese: Ridott ta' Perellos) was a redoubt in Salina Bay, limits of St. Paul's Bay, Malta.	Perellos Redoubt	Malta
country	Golden Lane (in Czech Zlatá ulička) is a street situated at the Prague Castle, Czech Republic.	Golden Lane	Czech Republic
country	Vlissingen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈvlɪsɪŋə(n)); Zeelandic: Vlissienge; historical name in English: Flushing) is a municipality and a city in the southwestern Netherlands on the former island of Walcheren.	Vlissingen	Netherlands
country	The Ore Mountains/Vogtland Nature Park (German: Naturpark Erzgebirge/Vogtland) extends across the upper slopes of the Vogtland and Ore Mountains in southeastern Germany along its international border with Czech Republic.	Ore Mountains/Vogtland Nature Park	Germany
country	Göle (Georgian: კოლა K'ola, in Kurdish Mêrdînik) is a small city and surrounding district in Ardahan Province of Turkey.	Göle	Turkey
country	Trojno (pronounced (ˈtɾoːi̯nɔ)) is a settlement in the hills east of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Trojno	Slovenia
country	Macraes, formerly known as Macraes Flat, and known in Māori as Ōtī, is a town in the Waitaki District in Otago, New Zealand.	Macraes	New Zealand
country	Szczodre (ˈʂt͡ʂɔdrɛ) (1945-1948: Sybilin, German: Sibyllenort) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długołęka, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Szczodre	Poland
country	Sortedam Lake (Danish: Sortedams Sø) is a lake at Copenhagen in Denmark.	Sortedam Lake	Denmark
country	Gorgora (Ge'ez: ጎርጎራ Gōrgōrā, also, especially formerly, ጐርጐራ Gʷargʷarā, modern pronunciation Gʷergʷerā) is a town and peninsula in northwestern Ethiopia.	Gorgora	Ethiopia
country	Thatcher on Acid are an anarcho-punk band from the United Kingdom.	Thatcher on Acid	United Kingdom
country	Kjørbo is a former manor in Bærum, Norway.	Kjørbo	Norway
country	The Kpalime Traditional Area is located mainly in the South Dayi District of the Volta Region of Ghana.	Kpalime Traditional Area	Ghana
country	Arrachart Airport (IATA: DIE, ICAO: FMNA) is an airport located near Antsiranana (formerly Diego-Suárez) in Madagascar.	Arrachart Airport	Madagascar
country	Les Tonils is a commune in the Drôme department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.	Les Tonils	France
country	Because of having to cross the Han River by a deep tunnel and not by a rail bridge, Yeouinaru Station holds the distinction of being the deepest train station in South Korea with a depth of 27.5 metres (90 ft) below sea level.	Yeouinaru Station	South Korea
country	The Kyrenia Mountains is a long, narrow mountain range that runs for approximately 160 km (100 mi) along the northern coast of the island of Cyprus.	Kyrenia Mountains	Cyprus
country	Zehlenfan (Persian: زهلنفان‎, also Romanized as Zehlenfān; also known as Zehlenpān) is a village in Damen Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Zehlenfan	Iran
country	Yepocapa -also known as San Pedro Yepocapa is a municipality in the Chimaltenango department of Guatemala.	Yepocapa	Guatemala
country	Tennis Club de Paris (Tennis Club of Paris) also known as TCP is a club which was founded in 1895 at Paris, France.	Tennis Club de Paris	France
country	Shapeways began as a spin-off of Royal Philips Electronics, the Netherlands in 2007.	Shapeways	Netherlands
country	Cervera del Río Alhama is a town in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain.	Cervera del Río Alhama	Spain
country	The Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race is an annual event hosted by the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia, starting in Sydney, New South Wales on Boxing Day and finishing in Hobart, Tasmania.	Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race	Australia
country	Weihenstephan Abbey (Kloster Weihenstephan) was a Benedictine monastery in Weihenstephan, now part of the district of Freising, in Bavaria, Germany.	Weihenstephan Abbey	Germany
country	Tazehabad-e Tumar (Persian: تازه ابادتومار‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Tūmār) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Tumar	Iran
country	Studnisko (studˈniskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Józefów nad Wisłą, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Studnisko	Poland
country	Pustec (Macedonian: Пустец, Pustets), known officially as Liqenas from 1973 to 2013, is a village in the Korçë County of eastern Albania.	Pustec	Albania
country	Chanpatia is a city and a notified area in Paschim Champaran district in the state of Bihar, India.	Chanpatia	India
country	Dam Square or Dam (Dutch pronunciation: (dɑm)) is a town square in Amsterdam, the capital of the Netherlands.	Dam Square	Netherlands
country	Propaštica or Prapashticë (Serbian: Propaštica, definite Albanian form: Prapashtica) is a village in the District of Pristina, eastern Kosovo.	Prapashticë	Kosovo
country	The Rio Branco Institute (Portuguese: Instituto Rio Branco; Abbreviation: IRBr) is a graduate school of International Relations and diplomatic academy located in Brasília, Brazil.	Rio Branco Institute	Brazil
country	Vilar de Santos is a small municipality in Ourense (province) in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Vilar de Santos	Spain
country	The Longchamp Racecourse (French: Hippodrome de Longchamp) is a 57 hectare horse-racing facility located on the Route des Tribunes in the Bois de Boulogne in Paris, France.	Longchamp Racecourse	France
country	Ahmadabad-e Tabas (Persian: احمدابادطبس‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Ţabas; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Khorram Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Lenjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Tabas	Iran
country	Uzebba is a village in the Owan local council of Edo State, Nigeria.	Uzebba	Nigeria
country	Lebuhraya Kampung Jawa, or Kampong Java Avenue, Federal Route 3114 (formerly Penang state route P17), is an industrial federal roads in Penang, Malaysia.	Lebuhraya Kampung Jawa	Malaysia
country	Magnitogorsk (Russian: Магнитогорск; IPA: (məgnʲɪtɐˈgorsk)) is an industrial city in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the eastern side of the extreme southern extent of the Ural Mountains by the Ural River.	Magnitogorsk	Russia
country	Tshabong Airport (IATA: TBY, ICAO: FBTS), also known as Tsabong Airport, is an airport serving the town of Tsabong, Botswana.	Tshabong Airport	Botswana
country	Bijli Mahadev is one of the excellent temples in India.	Bijli Mahadev	India
country	Les Rues-des-Vignes (called Vinchy in the Middle Ages) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Les Rues-des-Vignes	France
country	Knockboy (An Cnoc Buí in Irish, meaning Yellow Mountain) is a 706-metre-high mountain on the border between counties Cork and Kerry in Ireland.	Knockboy	Ireland
country	Adzhigardak is the name of a mountain in south Urals near Asha (town) on the border of Chelyabinsk oblast and Bashkiria, Russia, and of a ski resort based on it.	Adzhigardak	Russia
country	Camurac is a commune of the Aude department southern France.	Camurac	France
country	Ponte delle Tette is a small bridge in Venice, Italy.	Ponte delle Tette	Italy
country	Bagh-e Nowruz (Persian: باغ نوروز‎, also Romanized as Bāgh-e Nowrūz) is a village in Soghan Rural District, Soghan District, Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bagh-e Nowruz	Iran
country	Resistencia International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional de Resistencia) (IATA: RES, ICAO: SARE) is an airport in Chaco Province, Argentina serving the city of Resistencia, built in 1965 while the terminal was completed in 1971.	Resistencia International Airport	Argentina
country	Joviânia is a municipality in south-central Goiás state, Brazil.	Joviânia	Brazil
country	Senhit was a former province of Eritrea until 1996, when it was absorbed into the present day Anseba region.	Senhit	Eritrea
country	Château Coutet is a Premier Cru Classé (French: First Growth) sweet wine from the Sauternes-Barsac appellation located in Barsac, in the southern part of France's Bordeaux vineyards.	Château Coutet	France
country	Quán Hàu is a township and town in Quảng Ninh District, Quảng Bình Province, Bắc Trung Bộ, Vietnam.	Quán Hàu	Vietnam
country	Myedu (Burmese: မြေဒူးမြို့ (mjèdú mjo̰)) is a small town located in Kanbalu Township, Sagaing Region, Myanmar (Burma).	Myedu	Myanmar
country	Nakhudkal (Persian: نخودكال‎, also Romanized as Nakhūdkāl) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Nakhudkal	Iran
country	The Château Lagorce is a former castle, converted into a château, in the commune of Haux in the département of Gironde, France.	Château Lagorce	France
country	Bahawalpur Airport (IATA: BHV, ICAO: OPBW) is situated 2 nm (3.7 km) from the city centre of Bahawalpur, in lower Punjab, Pakistan.	Bahawalpur Airport	Pakistan
country	The Pechora coal basin (Печорский угольный бассейн) is located in the Extreme North of European Russia.	Pechora coal basin	Russia
country	Tinfouchy (sometimes known as Fort Fouchet) is a locality and military base in the commune of Oum El Assel in Tindouf Province, Algeria.	Tinfouchy	Algeria
country	Castelo de Santiago do Cacém is a castle in the municipality of Santiago do Cacém, Portugal.	Castelo de Santiago do Cacém	Portugal
country	Ogden Point is a deep water port facility located in the southwestern corner of the city of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Ogden Point	Canada
country	Faran Tangi is a village and union council of Ziarat District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan.	Faran Tangi	Pakistan
country	UNSW Rowing Club in Sydney, Australia is a varsity rowing club of the University of New South Wales and was founded in 1956.	UNSW Rowing Club	Australia
country	Nor Yerznka (Armenian: Նոր Երզնկա, also Romanized as Nor Erznka) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Nor Yerznka	Armenia
country	The capture of Perekop (by both the Wehrmacht in 1941 and the Red Army in 1943) was used to cut off Crimea from the rest of Ukraine.	Perekop	Ukraine
country	The first time the Dutch public was confronted with the Een Ander Joods Geluid was in October 2000, when a group of Dutch Jews published several ads in national newspapers and the Nieuw Israëlitisch Weekblad (New Israelite Weekly, the biggest Jewish newspaper in the Netherlands).	Een Ander Joods Geluid	Netherlands
country	Gyllyngvase (Cornish: An Gilen Vas, meaning the shallow inlet) is one of the four beaches associated with Falmouth, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, south of Pendennis Castle.	Gyllyngvase	United Kingdom
country	Mrčna Sela (pronounced (ˈməɾtʃna ˈseːla) or (ˈməɾtʃna ˈsɛːla); Slovene: Mrčna sela) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Senovo in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Mrčna Sela	Slovenia
country	Faradje is a town in the Haut-Uele District of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and is the administrative center of Faradje Territory.	Faradje	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Slap ob Idrijci (pronounced (ˈslaːp ɔb ˈiːdɾii̯tsi)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Slap ob Idrijci	Slovenia
country	Daraghazi (Persian: دارآغزی‎, also Romanized as Dārāghazī; also known as Ḩeydar Kānlū-ye Soflá) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Daraghazi	Iran
country	Stal Mielec (Polish pronunciation: (ˈstal ˈmjɛlɛt͡s)) is a Polish football club based in Mielec, Poland.	Stal Mielec	Poland
country	The annual Walkley Awards, under the administration of the Walkley Foundation for Journalism, are presented in Australia to recognise and reward excellence in journalism.	Walkley Awards	Australia
country	Apt Cathedral (Cathédrale Sainte-Anne d'Apt) is a former cathedral, and national monument of France, in the town of Apt in Provence.	Apt Cathedral	France
country	Ribafria (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁibɐˈfɾiɐ)) is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alenquer, in western Portugal.	Ribafria	Portugal
country	The Édifice Price (English: Price Building) is an 18-floor (originally 16) skyscraper in Quebec City, Canada.	Édifice Price	Canada
country	Tomislavgrad (Croatian pronunciation: (tǒmislaʋgrâːd)), also known by its former name Duvno ((dǔːʋno)), is a town and municipality in southwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina and also seat of the Assembly of Canton 10 (Herzeg-Bosnia County) of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Tomislavgrad	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lake Horowhenua is located in the Horowhenua, an area of the southern Manawatu-Wanganui region in New Zealand's North Island.	Lake Horowhenua	New Zealand
country	Seidli (also, Seyidli) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Seidli	Azerbaijan
country	Cordillera Pelada (Spanish for Bald Range or Barren Range) is a mountain range in southern Los Ríos Region, southern Chile.	Cordillera Pelada	Chile
country	Petani Beach (also spelled Petanoi) is situated in the North West of the Paliki, in Kefalonia, Greece.	Petani Beach	Greece
country	The Dreamworld Cinema is a movie theatre located inside the Dreamworld amusement park on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Dreamworld Cinema	Australia
country	Saskatoon/Richter Field Aerodrome, (TC LID: CRF5), is located 6 nautical miles (11 km; 6.9 mi) north of Saskatoon and just west of Martensville, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon/Richter Field Aerodrome	Canada
country	Strujići (Serbian Cyrillic: Струјићи) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Strujići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Brahmani temple (Odia: ବ୍ରାହ୍ମଣୀ ମନ୍ଦିର) is a Hindu and Buddhist temple located in Avana, Baleswar, Orissa, India built in the 10th--11th centuries A.D. It is a living temple and the presiding deity is an eight-armed three-faced Chamunda image.	Brahmani temple	India
country	The Six Abodes of Murugan (Tamil: Āṟupaṭai vīṭu) are six temples situated in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India.	Six Abodes of Murugan	India
country	Bytom Odrzański (ˈbɨtɔm ɔˈdʐaɲskʲi) (German: Beuthen an der Oder) is a town on the Oder river in western Poland, in Nowa Sól County of Lubusz Voivodeship.	Bytom Odrzański	Poland
country	Laurier Macdonald High School (traditionally abbreviated as ``LMAC'', but occasionally as ``LMHS'') is an English-language public school in the east end of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Laurier Macdonald High School	Canada
country	The Rudawy Janowickie (German: Landeshuter Kamm, Czech: Janovické rudohoří) is a mountain range in Western Sudetes in Poland.	Rudawy Janowickie	Poland
country	Lješevo (Serbian: Љешево) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lješevo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Air Madrid Líneas Aéreas S.A. was an airline headquartered in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Community of Madrid, Spain, operating services to Spain, Tenerife, Mexico, South America, Central America, Europe and Israel.	Air Madrid	Spain
country	The Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act, officially known as the Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act, 2001, is a conservation plan for land situated on or near the Oak Ridges Moraine in Ontario, Canada.	Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Act	Canada
country	Krzeszyce (kʂɛˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Kriescht) is a village in Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Krzeszyce	Poland
country	Rudbārži parish (Latvian: Rudbāržu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Skrunda Municipality, Latvia.	Rudbārži parish	Latvia
country	Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe is a unique landscape park in Kassel, Germany.	Bergpark Wilhelmshöhe	Germany
country	Ipil Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Ipil, Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Ipil, Chavacano and Spanish: Aeropuerto de Ipil) (IATA: IPE, ICAO: RPMV) is an airport serving the general area of Ipil, the capital of the province of Zamboanga Sibugay in the Philippines.	Ipil Airport	Philippines
country	The Castle of Vêves (French: Château de Vêves) occupies a rocky platform just outside the village of Celles, in the province of Namur, Belgium.	Castle of Vêves	Belgium
country	The Karcham Wangtoo Hydroelectric Plant is a 1,000 megawatts (1,300,000 hp) run-of-the-river hydroelectric power station on the Sutlej River in Kinnaur district of Himachal Pradesh, India.	Karcham Wangtoo Hydroelectric Plant	India
country	Artillery Group 22 Garrison (Persian: پادگان گروه 22توپخانه ومنازل مسكونی‎‎ -- Pādegān Gorveh 22 Tūpkhāneh va Manāzel Meskūny) is a villageand military installation in Manzariyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Artillery Group 22 Garrison	Iran
country	The Fiat Tagliero Building in Asmara, capital city of Eritrea, is a Futurist-style service station completed in 1938 and designed by the Italian architect Giuseppe Pettazzi.	Fiat Tagliero Building	Eritrea
country	Seget is a municipality in Croatia in the Split-Dalmatia county.	Seget	Croatia
country	Greek National Road 21 is a national highway of northwestern Greece.	Greek National Road 21	Greece
country	Peligro: sin codificar is a humoristic TV program from Argentina.	Peligro: sin codificar	Argentina
country	Lac des Évettes is a lake in the Vanoise Massif of the Savoie department of France.	Lac des Évettes	France
country	Abobo is a northern suburb of Abidjan and one of the 10 urban communes of this city in Ivory Coast.	Abobo	Ivory Coast
country	Nanterre Cathedral (Cathédrale Sainte-Geneviève-et-Saint-Maurice de Nanterre) is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in the town of Nanterre, France.	Nanterre Cathedral	France
country	Spilauersee is a lake in the Canton of Uri, Switzerland, below Rossstock.	Spilauersee	Switzerland
country	Obersalzberg is a mountainside retreat situated above the market town of Berchtesgaden in Bavaria, Germany, located about 120 kilometres (75 mi) southeast of Munich, close to the border with Austria.	Obersalzberg	Germany
country	East Tuddenham is a village in the Breckland district of mid-Norfolk, East Anglia, England in the United Kingdom.	East Tuddenham	United Kingdom
country	Maqellarë (Macedonian: Макелара, Makelara or Маќелари, Makjelari) is a village and a former municipality in the Dibër County, northeastern Albania.	Maqellarë	Albania
country	Brocēni ( pronunciation ; German: Brotzen) is a town in southern Latvia along the river Ciecere in the Brocēni municipality.	Brocēni	Latvia
country	The Haus der Kunst (literally House of Art) is a non-collecting art museum in Munich, Germany.	Haus der Kunst	Germany
country	Sawans-Mianwali is a village and Union Council of Mianwali District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan 44000.	Sawans-Mianwali	Pakistan
country	The Deutsche Lebens-Rettungs-Gesellschaft e.V. (DLRG) (German Life Saving Association) is a relief organization for life saving in Germany.	DLRG	Germany
country	İyidere is a town and district of Rize Province on the Black Sea coast of north-eastern Turkey, 14 km from the city of Rize.	İyidere	Turkey
country	Ab Azhdun (Persian: اب اژدون‎, also Romanized as Āb Āzhdūn) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ab Azhdun	Iran
country	Senadolice (pronounced (sɛnaˈdoːlitsɛ)) is a small settlement between Senadole and Štorje in the Municipality of Sežana in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Senadolice	Slovenia
country	Mount Saugstad is a mountain in the northernmost Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Mount Saugstad	Canada
country	Jaljulia (Hebrew: גַ'לְג'וּלְיָה, Arabic: جلجولية‎), officially also spelled Jaljulye, is an Arab town in Israel near Kfar Saba.	Jaljulia	Israel
country	Igarka (Russian: Ига́рка) is a town in Turukhansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, located 163 kilometers (101 mi) north of the Arctic Circle.	Igarka	Russia
country	Sangmélima is a town on the Lobo River, and also the chief town of Lobo division ('Dja et Lobo'), in the South Province ('Province du Sud'), Republic of Cameroon, Africa.	Sangmélima	Cameroon
country	Puerto Francisco de Orellana, also known as El Coca, is the capital of province of Orellana in eastern Ecuador.	Puerto Francisco de Orellana	Ecuador
country	The University of Bakhtalruda is a university in the town of Ad Douiem in Sudan, on the White Nile, between Khartoum and Kosti.	University of Bakhtalruda	Sudan
country	Družmirje (pronounced (dɾuˈʒmiːɾjɛ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šoštanj in northern Slovenia.	Družmirje	Slovenia
country	The Ida Dome mine is a large mine located in the western part of Namibia in Erongo Region.	Ida Dome mine	Namibia
country	Maja e Elbunit is a mountain in Albania, located in the Prokletije.	Maja e Elbunit	Albania
country	Peščeni Vrh (pronounced (ˈpeːʃtʃɛni ˈʋəɾx)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia.	Peščeni Vrh	Slovenia
country	Louisvale is a town in ZF Mgcawu District Municipality in the Northern Cape province of South Africa.	Louisvale	South Africa
country	Osice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈosɪtsɛ)) is a village and municipality in the Czech Republic located about 13 km southwest of Hradec Králové.	Osice	Czech Republic
country	Liganga is a site in Njombe Region, Tanzania where iron ore is mined.	Liganga	Tanzania
country	Moung Ruessei is a small town and seat of Moung Ruessei District in Battambang Province, central-western Cambodia.	Moung Ruessei	Cambodia
country	Gogango is a small town on the Capricorn Highway in Central Queensland, Australia.	Gogango	Australia
country	Efteløt is a small village in Kongsberg municipality, Buskerud, Norway.	Efteløt	Norway
country	The National Library of China (simplified Chinese: 中国国家图书馆; traditional Chinese: 中國國家圖書館; pinyin: Zhōngguó Guójiā Túshūguǎn) or NLC in Beijing is the national library of the People's Republic of China.	National Library of China	People's Republic of China
country	Niemojki (ɲeˈmɔi̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niemojki	Poland
country	Mountain Zebra National Park is a national park in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa proclaimed in July 1937 for the purpose of providing a nature reserve for the endangered Cape mountain zebra.	Mountain Zebra National Park	South Africa
country	Tsambagarav (Mongolian: Цамбагарав) is a mountain between Khovd Province and Bayan-Olgii Province in western Mongolia, it is a mountain of the Altai Mountains range.	Tsambagarav	Mongolia
country	Uchvarsi (Georgian: უჩვარსი) is a settlement in the Java district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Uchvarsi	Georgia
country	The Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland is the oldest water board of the Netherlands, having received its first commission to protect the land from flooding back in 1248 from William II of Holland.	Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland	Netherlands
country	Murtazaabad (Urdu: مرتضى آباد ‎) is the first village of central Hunza in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Murtazaabad	Pakistan
country	Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato is a church in the center of the Piazza Mercato, in Naples, Italy.	Santa Croce e Purgatorio al Mercato	Italy
country	Laçınlar (also, Lach’inlar) is a village in the Shusha Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Laçınlar	Azerbaijan
country	The Derawan Islands (Indonesian: Kepulauan Derawan) are in the province of East Kalimantan in Indonesia.	Derawan Islands	Indonesia
country	Gitega (formerly Kitega) is the second largest city in Burundi, lying east of Bujumbura.	Gitega	Burundi
country	Lunéville-Croismare Airport (ICAO: LFQC) is an airport in France, located approximately 3 km (2 miles) east-southeast of Lunéville in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department.	Lunéville-Croismare Airport	France
country	Usakos Railway Station is a railway station in Namibia serving the city of Usakos.	Usakos Railway Station	Namibia
country	Transurban S.A. is the local public transport company of Satu Mare, Romania.	Transurban S.A.	Romania
country	The Peene (German pronunciation: (ˈpeːnə)) is a river in Germany.	Peene	Germany
country	The Public Transport Centre (formerly known as the Westrail Centre) is a terminal and administration building for public transport in Perth Western Australia.	Public Transport Centre	Australia
country	The Lachen River is a tributary of the Teesta River in the state of Sikkim, India.	Lachen River	India
country	Kfarfakoud (Kfarfakud or Kafarfakoud كفرفاقود) is a village in the Chouf district of Lebanon that lies between the valleys of the coastal Lebanese chain of mountains.	Kfarfakoud	Lebanon
country	Marklowice (marklɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Marklowice	Poland
country	Donji Mamići (Cyrillic: Доњи Мамићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Donji Mamići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Oselce (German: Wos(s)eletz, Wosoletz or Wassenbach; in old Czech: Oselec) is a village and municipality Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Oselce	Czech Republic
country	Ouahigouya is a relatively notable town in northern Burkina Faso.	Ouahigouya	Burkina Faso
country	Kolga-Jaani is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Viljandi County, central Estonia.	Kolga-Jaani	Estonia
country	Tultepec is a city and municipality located in State of Mexico, Mexico.	Tultepec	Mexico
country	Oro Bay Airfield (also known as Cape Sudest Airfield) is a former World War II airfield in Oro Province, Papua New Guinea.	Oro Bay Airfield	Papua New Guinea
country	Fort Drum (El Fraile Island), also known as ``the concrete battleship,'' is a heavily fortified island situated at the mouth of Manila Bay in the Philippines, due south of Corregidor Island.	Fort Drum (El Fraile Island)	Philippines
country	The Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor (PFBR) is a 500 MWe fast breeder nuclear reactor presently being constructed at the Madras Atomic Power Station in Kalpakkam, India.	Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor	India
country	Strmo Rebro (pronounced (ˈstəɾmɔ ˈɾɛːbɾɔ)) is a small settlement in the hills above the right bank of the Sava River, northwest of Gora in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Strmo Rebro	Slovenia
country	The Ferrera Palace (Palacio de Ferrera) is a palace located in the municipality of Avilés, Asturias, Spain.	Ferrera Palace	Spain
country	The Palazzi dei Rolli is a group of palaces in Genoa, northern Italy.	Palazzi dei Rolli	Italy
country	Durulmuş is a village near the town of Hafik in Sivas Province, Turkey.	Durulmuş	Turkey
country	Ambrym is a volcanic island in Malampa Province in the archipelago of Vanuatu.	Ambrym	Vanuatu
country	The Langevin Bridge is a through truss bridge in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Langevin Bridge	Canada
country	Radočelo (Serbian Cyrillic: Радочело) is a mountain in central Serbia, between towns of Ivanjica and Raška.	Radočelo	Serbia
country	Fonds-des-Nègres (Haitian Creole: Fondènèg) is a commune in the Miragoâne Arrondissement, in the Nippes Department of Haiti.	Fonds-des-Nègres	Haiti
country	The Kanata Symphony is a non-profit community orchestra, in Ottawa, Canada.	Kanata Symphony	Canada
country	Collins Street Baptist Church is a Baptist church in central Melbourne, Australia.	Collins Street Baptist Church	Australia
country	In Germany Stadtbezirke usually only exist in a metropolis with more than 150,000 inhabitants.	Stadtbezirk	Germany
country	The Ca' Pesaro is a Baroque marble palace facing the Grand Canal of Venice, Italy.	Ca' Pesaro	Italy
country	Serafinów (sɛraˈfinuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźmin Wielkopolski, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Serafinów	Poland
country	Getsovo (Bulgarian: Гецово ) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Razgrad Municipality, Razgrad Province.	Getsovo	Bulgaria
country	Wola Piasecka (ˈvɔla pjaˈsɛt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaski, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Piasecka	Poland
country	Bangkok Railway Station (Thai: สถานีรถไฟกรุงเทพ), unofficially known as Hua Lamphong Station (หัวลำโพง), is the main railway station in Bangkok, Thailand.	Bangkok Railway Station	Thailand
country	Skoczów (ˈskɔt͡ʂuf) (German: Skotschau, Czech: Skočov) is a town and the seat of Gmina Skoczów in Cieszyn County, Silesian Voivodeship, southern Poland with 14,783 inhabitants (2004).	Skoczów	Poland
country	Zaovine Lake (Serbian language: Заовинско језеро or Zaovinsko jezero) is an artificial lake in central-west Serbia, on the Tara Mountain.	Zaovine Lake	Serbia
country	Golpes Bajos was a 1980s pop group in Spain, a part of the so-called ``Edad de Oro del Pop Español'', i.e. ``The Golden Age of Spanish Pop Music''.	Golpes Bajos	Spain
country	The Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital, also known as Maharaja Yashwant Rao Hospital or simply M. Y. Hospital, is a government hospital located in the heart of city of Indore, India.	Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital	India
country	Nukufetau Airfield was built by United States Navy Seabees on Motulalo island as an alternative strip to Nanumea and Funafuti airfields to allow for further dispersal of aircraft in the Ellice Islands (now Tuvalu).	Nukufetau Airfield	Tuvalu
country	The Rethe is a waterway in the Port of Hamburg, Germany.	Rethe	Germany
country	Žrnovnica is a settlement (naselje) in Croatia, administratively part of the city of Split.	Žrnovnica	Croatia
country	Jurkowo-Huby (jurˈkɔvɔ ˈxubɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywiń, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Jurkowo-Huby	Poland
country	Zarareh (Persian: زراره‎, also Romanized as Zarāreh, Zerāreh, and Zorāreh) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zarareh	Iran
country	Boscarne Junction railway station is a railway station on the Bodmin and Wenford Railway in Cornwall, United Kingdom, and is its current terminus of the railway although it has been projected that an extension to Wadebridge will be constructed.	Boscarne Junction railway station	United Kingdom
country	Xtul, (pronounced /ʃtul/), is a small village in the state of Yucatan, Mexico.	Xtul	Mexico
country	Molahiffe railway station was on the Great Southern and Western Railway which ran from Farranfore to Valentia Harbour in the Republic of Ireland.	Molahiffe railway station	Ireland
country	Skarbimierzyce (skarbimjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Sparrenfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Skarbimierzyce	Poland
country	Østre Grimevann (or Grimevannet, austre) is a lake in the municipality of Lillesand in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Østre Grimevann	Norway
country	Dzyunashogh (Armenian: Ձյունաշող, also romanized as Dzunashogh) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Dzyunashogh	Armenia
country	Əsgərabad (also, Əskərabad, Äskärabad, and Askerabad) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əsgərabad	Azerbaijan
country	Sibiu (Romanian pronunciation: (siˈbiw), antiquated, Sibiiu; German: Hermannstadt, Transylvanian Saxon dialect: Härmeschtat, Hungarian: Nagyszeben) is a city in Transylvania, Romania, with a population of 147,245.	Sibiu	Romania
country	Elgyan (Russian: Эльгян) is a rural locality (a selo), one of three settlements, in addition to Kyundyae, the administrative centre of the Rural Okrug, and Kharyalakh in Vilyuchansky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Elgyan	Russia
country	Plomari (Greek: Πλωμάρι) is a town and a former municipality on the island of Lesbos, North Aegean, Greece.	Plomari	Greece
country	Kostychany (Ukrainian: Костичани, Romanian: Costiceni) is a commune in the Chernivtsi Oblast (province) of western Ukraine.	Kostychany	Ukraine
country	The Royal Danish Air Force (Danish: Flyvevåbnet, lit. Flying weapon) (RDAF) is the air force of Denmark and is responsible for maintaining homeland defence and carrying out homeland security roles as international operations.	Royal Danish Air Force	Denmark
country	Mount Barker Waldorf School is a private school located in the Adelaide Hills, roughly 40 km East of Adelaide, South Australia.	Mount Barker Waldorf School	Australia
country	Razenuiyeh (Persian: رضنوييه‎, also Romanized as Razenū’īyeh; also known as Razīnū’īyeh) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Razenuiyeh	Iran
country	The Tarsus Arena (Turkish: Tarsus Spor Salonu) is a multi-sport indoor arena at Tarsus in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Tarsus Arena	Turkey
country	Makadi Bay is a resort town in Egypt.	Makadi Bay	Egypt
country	Ribe Katedralskole is a cathedral school in the Town of Ribe, Denmark.	Ribe Katedralskole	Denmark
country	Melerd (Persian: ملرد‎; also known as Melārd) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Melerd	Iran
country	Envie is a comune (municipality) in the province of Cuneo, Piedmont, northern Italy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Cuneo.	Envie	Italy
country	The Toromocho mine is a large copper mine in the center of Peru, in Junín Region.	Toromocho mine	Peru
country	The Wang River (Thai: แม่น้ำวัง, RTGS: Maenam Wang, IPA: (mɛ̂ːnáːm waŋ)) is a river in northern Thailand.	Wang River	Thailand
country	Amatique Bay is a large bay in the Gulf of Honduras, along the eastern coast of Guatemala and Belize.	Amatique Bay	Guatemala	Belize
country	Palang Ab (Persian: پلنگ اب‎, also Romanized as Palang Āb) is a village in Mahur Berenji Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Palang Ab	Iran
country	The Alter Stolberg is a wooded karst plateau, up to 357.7 m above sea level (NN) high, in the South Harz in Central Germany.	Alter Stolberg	Germany
country	Šentovec (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtɔːʋəts) or (ʃɛnˈtoːʋəts)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Šentovec	Slovenia
country	Hermel (Arabic: الهرمل‎) is a town in Beqaa Governorate, Lebanon.	Hermel	Lebanon
country	Nyanzale is a camp for Internally Displaced People (IDPs) in the Masisi territory of North Kivu province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Nyanzale	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The Serpentine Lakes is a chain of salt lakes in the Great Victoria Desert of Australia.	Serpentine Lakes	Australia
country	Ittoqqortoormiit Heliport (IATA: OBY, ICAO: BGSC) is a heliport in Ittoqqortoormiit, a village in the Sermersooq municipality in eastern Greenland.	Ittoqqortoormiit Heliport	Greenland
country	Ostromice (ɔstrɔˈmit͡sɛ) (German: Wusterwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Ostromice	Poland
country	Oslo Commuter Rail (Norwegian: NSB Lokaltog Østlandet) is a commuter rail centered in Oslo, Norway, connecting the capital to six counties in Eastern Norway.	Oslo Commuter Rail	Norway
country	The Dayrit-Cuyugan House is a heritage house in the City of San Fernando, in the province of Pampanga, Philippines.	Dayrit-Cuyugan House	Philippines
country	Wadakapiapué-tepui, also spelled Wadakapiapö, Wadakapiapo, Wadaka Piapo or Guadacapiapui, is a tepui of the Eastern Tepuis chain in Bolívar, Venezuela.	Wadakapiapué-tepui	Venezuela
country	Chotycze (xɔˈtɨt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chotycze	Poland
country	Tešova (pronounced (ˈteːʃɔʋa)) is a settlement in the hills north of Vransko in central Slovenia.	Tešova	Slovenia
country	Condega (Spanish pronunciation: (konˈdeɣa)) is a municipality in the Estelí department of Nicaragua.	Condega	Nicaragua
country	Sharbakty (Kazakh: Шарбақты) is a selo in Pavlodar Region, Kazakhstan.	Sharbakty	Kazakhstan
country	The Luftfahrt-Bundesamt (LBA, ``Federal Aviation Office'') is the national civil aviation authority of Germany headquartered in Braunschweig (Brunswick).	Luftfahrt-Bundesamt	Germany
country	Ulatowo-Borzuchy (ulaˈtɔvɔ bɔˈʐuxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ulatowo-Borzuchy	Poland
country	Lake Vizcacha (Laguna Vizcacha) is a lake in the Moquegua Region of Peru.	Lake Vizcacha	Peru
country	Yuzbashi Chay (Persian: يوزباشي چاي‎, also Romanized as Yūzbāshī Chāy and Yūzbāsh Chāy) is a village in Kuhgir Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Yuzbashi Chay	Iran
country	Fiorenzuola d'Arda (Italian pronunciation: (fjorenˈtswɔːla ˈdarda)) is a city and comune in Italy in the province of Piacenza, part of the Emilia-Romagna region.	Fiorenzuola d'Arda	Italy
country	Russell Transpo provides public transportation to residents of Russell Township in Prescott and Russell United Counties, Ontario, Canada.	Russell Transpo	Canada
country	The 1755 Lisbon earthquake, also known as the Great Lisbon earthquake, occurred in the Kingdom of Portugal on Saturday, 1 November, the holiday of All Saints' Day, at around 09:40 local time.	1755 Lisbon earthquake	Portugal
country	The Wuppertal Suspension Railway (German: Wuppertaler Schwebebahn) is a suspension railway in Wuppertal, Germany.	Wuppertal Suspension Railway	Germany
country	Zaza Reservoir (Spanish: Embalse Zaza, La Presa Zaza) is the largest man-made reservoir in Cuba.	Zaza Reservoir	Cuba
country	Lake Notozero (Russian: Нотозеро; Skolt Sami: Njuõˊttjäuˊrr; Northern Sami: Njuohttejávri) is a large freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Lake Notozero	Russia
country	Kainan University (KNU; Chinese: 開南大學) is a private university located in Luzhu District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Kainan University	Taiwan
country	Kifissia or Kifisia (also Kephisia; Greek: Κηφισιά, pronounced (cifiˈsja)) is one of the most expensive northern suburbs of Athens, Greece, mainly accessed via Kifissias Avenue, running all the way from central Athens up to Theseos Avenue in the suburb of Nea Erythraia.	Kifissia	Greece
country	Kirishi Power Station (Kirishskya GRES) is a thermal power station (GRES) at the town of Kirishi, Kirishsky District, Leningrad Oblast, Russia.	Kirishi Power Station	Russia
country	The Robert Samut Hall is a former Methodist church named Wesleyan Methodist Church located in Floriana, Malta.	Robert Samut Hall	Malta
country	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Hoseyn (Persian: قشلاق حاج حسين‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Ḩoseyn) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Hoseyn	Iran
country	The University College of Islamabad (UCI) is a higher education university based in Islamabad, Pakistan.	University College of Islamabad	Pakistan
country	Polenitsa (Bulgarian: Поленица) is a village in South West Bulgaria in Blagoevgrad Province, 159 km from the capital city of Sofia and 2 km from the spa resort of Sandanski.	Polenitsa	Bulgaria
country	Navotas is a city in the Philippines located north of Manila.	Navotas	Philippines
country	Pasvikdalen (Russian: Долина реки Паз) is a valley in Norway and Russia.	Pasvikdalen	Norway	Russia
country	Adopt-A-Minefield is a United Kingdom-based charity which raises awareness about landmines and their associated problems, and raises funds to clear minefields and help survivors of landmine accidents.	Adopt-A-Minefield	United Kingdom
country	Manj District (Persian: بخش منج‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Manj District	Iran
country	Törökszentmiklós is a town in Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok county, in the Northern Great Plain region of central Hungary.	Törökszentmiklós	Hungary
country	Neftekamsk (Russian: Нефтека́мск; Bashkir: Нефтекама Neftekama) is a city in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located in the northwest of the republic on the Kama River, 220 kilometers (140 mi) from the republic's capital Ufa.	Neftekamsk	Russia
country	The Tongeren Formation (Dutch: Formatie van Tongeren; abbreviation: TO) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands.	Tongeren Formation	Netherlands
country	Parklands, Nairobi, commonly referred to simply as Parklands, is a neighbourhood in the city of Nairobi, the capital and largest city in Kenya.	Parklands, Nairobi	Kenya
country	Hočevje (pronounced (xɔˈtʃeːu̯jɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia.	Hočevje	Slovenia
country	Kjøllefjord Church (Norwegian: Kjøllefjord kirke) is a parish church in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kjøllefjord Church	Norway
country	Berbinzana is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, in northern Spain.	Berbinzana	Spain
country	Kogan.com is the largest online department store in Australia, selling tens of thousands of products through its online direct-to-customer store.	Kogan.com	Australia
country	The Sierra Madre Oriental pine-oak forests are a subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion of northeastern and Central Mexico, extending into the state of Texas in the United States.	Sierra Madre Oriental pine-oak forests	Mexico
country	Livanjsko field or Livanjsko polje (Croatian: Livanjsko polje), located in Bosnia and Herzegovina, is the largest polje (karstic field) in the world.	Livanjsko field	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bipi Island is a flat coral island located off the west coast of the main island of Manus in the Admiralty Group, Papua New Guinea.	Bipi Island	Papua New Guinea
country	The Jägersbleeker Teich in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a storage pond near the town of Clausthal-Zellerfeld in the county of Goslar in Lower Saxony.	Jägersbleeker Teich	Germany
country	Blomsholm is a mansion and gardens in Bohuslän, Sweden.	Blomsholm	Sweden
country	The Church of Holmen (Danish: Holmens Kirke) is a Parish church in central Copenhagen in Denmark, on the street called Holmens Kanal.	Church of Holmen	Denmark
country	Yeondaeam is a temple located in Yeongyang County, Gyeongsangbuk-do, South Korea.	Yeondaeam	South Korea
country	The Abbey of Saint Gall (German: Abtei St. Gallen) is a Roman Catholic religious complex in the city of St. Gallen in Switzerland of a dissolved abbey (747-1805).	Abbey of Saint Gall	Switzerland
country	Nyabarongo Power Station is a 28 megawatts (38,000 hp) hydroelectric power station in Rwanda.	Nyabarongo Power Station	Rwanda
country	The Liwagu River (Malay: Sungai Liwagu) is a river in Sabah, Malaysia, flowing eastwards off the southern slope of Mount Kinabalu and then into the Labuk River.	Liwagu River	Malaysia
country	Dolní Bukovsko (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdolɲiː ˈbukofsko)) is a market town in the Czech Republic.	Dolní Bukovsko	Czech Republic
country	Maroubra Surfers Church (MSC) is a church in Sydney, Australia that was founded specifically to minister to people in the Sydney surfing community.	Maroubra Surfers Church	Australia
country	Ait Mait (Amazigh: Ayt Mayt, ⴰⵢⵜ ⵎⴰⵢⵜ, Arabic: آيت مائت) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Ait Mait	Morocco
country	The 2010 European Fencing Championships was the 23rd edition and was held in Leipzig, Germany.	2010 European Fencing Championships	Germany
country	The GIO Schoolboy Cup is the premier secondary schools rugby league competition in Australia, held annually since 1975.	GIO Schoolboy Cup	Australia
country	Urum al-Jawz (Arabic: أورم الجوز‎, also called Ouram al-Jawz) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located south of Idlib.	Urum al-Jawz	Syria
country	UAM Radio broadcasts on 94.1 FM from five 20-watt transmitters at various UAM facilities, each of which is located at a different UAM facility in Mexico City:	UAM Radio	Mexico
country	Satkhira Government College is a government college in Satkhira, Bangladesh.	Satkhira Government College	Bangladesh
country	The Monument to the Unknown Soldier (Bulgarian: Паметник на Незнайния воин, Pametnik na Neznayniya voin) is a monument in the centre of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria, located just next to the 6th-century Church of St Sophia, on 2 Paris Street.	The Monument to the Unknown Soldier	Bulgaria
country	Male Dole pri Stehanji Vasi (pronounced (ˈmaːle ˈdoːlɛ pɾi stɛˈxaːnji ˈʋaːsi); Slovene: Male Dole pri Stehanji vasi, German: Kleindule) is a small settlement just west of Stehanja Vas in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Male Dole pri Stehanji Vasi	Slovenia
country	Margaret Thatcher bought a house in a ``gated community'' in Dulwich after her time as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.	Dulwich	United Kingdom
country	The Workers' Left Front (Spanish: Frente de Izquierda y de los Trabajadores, FIT) is an alliance of three Trotskyist parties in Argentina formed to fight a number of elections in 2011, announced at a press conference in April that year.	Workers' Left Front	Argentina
country	Safotulafai is a traditional village at the east end of Savai'i island with historical and political significance in Samoa's history.	Safotulafai	Samoa
country	La Ilustración Guatemalteca (Guatemalan Illustration) was a biweekly cultural magazine that was published in Guatemala from 1 July 1896 to 15 June 1898.	La Ilustración Guatemalteca	Guatemala
country	Annai Violet Arts and Science College is a college in Menambedu, Ambattur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.	Annai Violet Arts and Science College	India
country	Chlemoutsi (Greek: Χλεμούτσι or Χλουμούτσι) is a medieval castle in the northwest of the Elis regional unit in the Peloponnese peninsula of southern Greece, in the Kastro-Kyllini municipality.	Chlemoutsi	Greece
country	Lagunón is a barrio (neighbourhood) at the northwest end of the city of Rivera in the Rivera Department of northeastern Uruguay.	Lagunón	Uruguay
country	Jaus Records is an independent record label and recording studio from Oviedo, Asturias, Spain, created on 2002 exclusively to record and support the works by Spanish power metal band WarCry.	Jaus Records	Spain
country	Devnya (Bulgarian: Девня) is a town in Varna Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located about 25 km away to the west from the city of Varna and The Black Sea Coast.	Devnya	Bulgaria
country	Knesses Chizkiyahu was one of the first Lithuanian yeshivas founded after the establishment of the State of Israel and one of the first Torah institutions in the northern part of the country.	Knesses Chizkiyahu	Israel
country	Palaio Loutro (Greek: Παλαιό Λουτρό) is a small mountain village in Messenia, Peloponnese, Southern Greece.	Palaio Loutro	Greece
country	Mount Cristal is a mountain located in the Cristal Mountains, in Minas Gerais in Brazil, on the border between the municipalities of Santo Antônio do Rio Abaixo and Conceição do Mato Dentro	Mount Cristal	Brazil
country	Ait Harz Allah is a small town and rural commune in El Hajeb Province of the Meknès-Tafilalet region of Morocco.	Ait Harz Allah	Morocco
country	The St. John's Shrewsbury Anglican Church is a former church located in the former township of Shrewsbury, part of present-day Gore, Quebec, Canada.	St. John's Shrewsbury Anglican Church	Canada
country	The Hadejia River is a river in northern Nigeria and is a tributary of the Yobe River (Komadugu Yobe).	Hadejia River	Nigeria
country	The Montebello Islands, also known as the Monte Bello Islands, are an archipelago of around 174 small islands (about 92 of which are named) lying 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of Barrow Island and 130 kilometres (81 mi) off the Pilbara coast of north-western Australia.	Montebello Islands	Australia
country	The Mossman River is a river located in the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland, Australia.	Mossman River	Australia
country	Lampang, also called Nakhon Lampang (Thai: นครลำปาง, pronounced (náʔkʰɔːn lampaːŋ)) to differentiate from Lampang Province, is the third largest town in northern Thailand and capital of Lampang Province and the Lampang district.	Lampang	Thailand
country	The Muela del Diablo, 'Chris,' or 'Christionciton' is an iconic feature of the La Paz landscape in Bolivia.	Muela del Diablo	Bolivia
country	It introduced compulsory insurance for employers and it also established the first specialised workers compensation tribunal in Australia, being the Workers Compensation Commission of New South Wales.	Workers Compensation Commission of New South Wales	Australia
country	The 42-floor Seljuk Tower (Turkish: Selçuklu Kulesi) is a skyscraper within the Konya Trade Center (Turkish: Konya Ticaret Merkezi, also known as Kulesite) business and shopping center in Konya, Turkey.	Seljuk Tower	Turkey
country	Malla Strict Nature Reserve (Mallan luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Lapland, Finland.	Malla Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	Vrnjačka Banja (Serbian Cyrillic: Врњачка Бања) is a town, municipality, and a resort, mineral spa located in Raška District of Serbia.	Vrnjačka Banja	Serbia
country	Campo da Constituição (English: Constitution Field) was a football ground in Porto, Portugal, which served as the home ground of FC Porto between 1913 and 1952.	Campo da Constituição	Portugal
country	Kerala Cricket Association Stadium or Edakochi Cricket Stadium is a cricket stadium, proposed to be built in Kochi, India, as the home ground for Kerala Cricket Association.	Kerala Cricket Association Stadium	India
country	Katwe is an area in the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital.	Katwe	Uganda
country	Ivim or Īvīm (Persian: ايويم‎ ; also known as Hayavī and Hayavīm) is a village in Estakhr-e Posht Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ivim	Iran
country	Petralinci (Macedonian: Петралинци) is a village in Republic of Macedonia near Strumica.	Petralinci	Macedonia
country	Katsaros (Greek: Κατσαρός) is a settlement in the municipal unit of Iardanos, Elis, Greece.	Katsaros	Greece
country	Rivercess County is a county in the south-central portion of the West African nation of Liberia.	Rivercess County	Liberia
country	The actual slang varied a lot from place to place; often Bargoens denotes the variety from the Holland region in the Netherlands.	Bargoens	Netherlands
country	Dehnow-e Enqelab (Persian: دهنوانقلاب‎, also Romanized as Dehnow-e Enqelāb) is a village in Shapur Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehnow-e Enqelab	Iran
country	Commonwealth Park is in Canberra, Australia, on the north side of Lake Burley Griffin.	Commonwealth Park	Australia
country	Moravac (Serbian: Моравац) is a locality in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac, in the Nišava District.	Moravac	Serbia
country	Cacabelos (Spanish pronunciation: (kakaˈβelos)) is a village and municipality located in the region of El Bierzo (province of León, Castile and León, Spain).	Cacabelos	Spain
country	The Video Appeals Committee was a body set up by the United Kingdom's Video Recordings Act.	Video Appeals Committee	United Kingdom
country	Goričak (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾitʃak)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Zavrč in the Haloze area of eastern Slovenia, right on the border with Croatia.	Goričak	Slovenia
country	Kẻ Sặt is a town (thị trấn) in Bình Giang District, Hải Dương Province, Vietnam.	Kẻ Sặt	Vietnam
country	Javorniški Rovt (pronounced (ˈjaːʋɔɾniʃki ˈɾoːu̯t)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Jesenice in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Javorniški Rovt	Slovenia
country	Chah-e Haji Karim (Persian: چاه حاجی کریم ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Haji Karim	Iran
country	Čepinci (pronounced (ˈtʃeːpintsi); Hungarian: Kerkafő) is a dispersed village in the Municipality of Šalovci in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.	Čepinci	Slovenia
country	The Renaelva river flows into the Glomma in Åmot municipality in the county of Hedmark, Norway.	Renaelva	Norway
country	Galuzeh Mashhad (Persian: گلوزه مشهد‎, also Romanized as Galūzeh Mashhad; also known as Galūzeh and Galūzeh Pahl) is a village in Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District, Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Galuzeh Mashhad	Iran
country	The Newcastle Rugby League is the local rugby league football club competition of Newcastle, Australia.	Newcastle Rugby League	Australia
country	Unteruhldingen is a small village, part of the town of Uhldingen-Mühlhofen, on the northwestern shore of Lake Constance, Germany.	Unteruhldingen	Germany
country	Meenakshi Vilasam Government Vocational Higher Secondary School (MV Govt. VHSS Peroor) is a school located in Punthalathazham, India.	Meenakshi Vilasam Government Vocational Higher Secondary School	India
country	Nsukka is a town and Local Government Area in South-East Nigeria in Enugu State.	Nsukka	Nigeria
country	Las Casas del Conde is a tiny village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Las Casas del Conde	Spain
country	Chonkham is an administrative unit of Lohit district in Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Chonkham	India
country	Zagrodno (zaˈɡrɔdnɔ) (German: Adelsdorf) is a village in Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zagrodno	Poland
country	Goodwin Park is a multi-sport venue located at Brisbane, Australia.	Goodwin Park	Australia
country	The Yaoundé Gynaecology, Obstetrics and Pediatrics Hospital (French Hôpital gynéco-obstétrique et pédiatrique de Yaoundé - HGOPY) is a hospital in Yaoundé, Cameroon that specializes in caring for women and children.	Yaoundé Gynaecology, Obstetrics and Pediatrics Hospital	Cameroon
country	Brickebacken is a suburb to Örebro in Örebro County, Sweden, located 5 km south-east of the city center and is the cities highest located urban area.	Brickebacken	Sweden
country	Elbo was, according to Herodotus' Histories, a man-made island of ash and earth where the blind Egyptian king Anysis lived during his 50 years of exile while the Ethiopian king Sabacos ruled Egypt.	Elbo	Egypt
country	The Madras Medical College is an educational institution located in Chennai, India.	Madras Medical College	India
country	Aramango is a town and seat of Aramango District in Bagua Province in the Amazonas region of Peru.	Aramango	Peru
country	Illulik (old spelling: Igdlulik) is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Illulik	Greenland
country	The Ilhéu de Curral Velho and adjacent coast Important Bird Area lies at the southern end of the island of Boa Vista in the Cape Verde archipelago off the coast of north-west Africa in the Atlantic Ocean.	Ilhéu de Curral Velho and adjacent coast Important Bird Area	Cape Verde
country	Batugedara is a small town in the Sabaragamuwa Province of southwestern Sri Lanka, located just to the east of the province's capital of Ratnapura.	Batugedara	Sri Lanka
country	Bachorowice (baxɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bachorowice	Poland
country	The Daecheong Dam is a combination concrete gravity (made of concrete) and embankment dam (made of earth) on the Geum River, 16 km (10 mi) north of Daejeon in South Korea.	Daecheong Dam	South Korea
country	German submarine U-566 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The submarine was laid down on 30 March 1940 at the Blohm & Voss yard in Hamburg as yard number 542, launched on 20 February 1941 and commissioned on 17 April under the command of Kapitänleutnant Dietrich Borchert.	German submarine U-566	Germany
country	The Mayfair Theatre is a cinema located in Ottawa, Canada.	Mayfair Theatre	Canada
country	The Naha Port Facility, formerly the Naha Military Port, is a United States Forces Japan facility located in Naha, Okinawa, Japan, at the mouth of Kokuba River (国場川 Kokuba-gawa), which flows into the East China Sea.	Naha Port Facility	Japan
country	The town of Pauanui meaning Big Paua (abalone) in Maori is on the east coast of the Coromandel Peninsula in the North Island of New Zealand.	Pauanui	New Zealand
country	Matha Ayurveda Eye Hospital is an Ayurvedic eye clinic and hospital in Trivandrum (Thiruvananthapuram), Kerala, India.	Matha Ayurveda Eye Hospital	India
country	Fredriksten is a fortress in the city of Halden in Norway.	Fredriksten	Norway
country	Neudorf bei Parndorf (Hungarian: Mosonújfalu) is a village in the district of Neusiedl am See in the Austrian state of Burgenland in Austria.	Neudorf bei Parndorf	Austria
country	The Sobey Art Award is Canada's largest prize for young Canadian artists.	Sobey Art Award	Canada
country	Brodac Gornji (Serbian Cyrillic: Бродац Горњи) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brodac Gornji	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tondiarpet is a neighbourhood of Chennai city in India.	Tondiarpet	India
country	Matias Corporation is a computer accessories manufacturer, based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Matias Corporation	Canada
country	The Borough of Port Fairy was a local government area about 290 kilometres (180 mi) west-southwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Borough of Port Fairy	Australia
country	Koszelewki (kɔʂɛˈlɛfki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rybno, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Koszelewki	Poland
country	Shahrak-e Emam Reza (Persian: شهرک امام‌رضا‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Emām Reẕā; also known as Dobendār, Do Bondār, Dubandar, and Dūbendār) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Emam Reza	Iran
country	Gulshan-e-Saeed (Urdu: گلشن سعيد ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of New Karachi Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Gulshan-e-Saeed	Pakistan
country	El Provencio is a small town and municipality in Cuenca, Spain with a population of 2,599 permanent inhabitants (2002 estimate).	El Provencio	Spain
country	Kenepuru Sound is one of the larger of the Marlborough Sounds in the South Island of New Zealand.	Kenepuru Sound	New Zealand
country	Cima dei Preti (Italian: ``Priests' Peak'') is a mountain in the Carnic Prealps, the highest peak of the Friulian Dolomites, Italy.	Cima dei Preti	Italy
country	Located in eastern Trondheim, Norway, Leangen is mainly an industrial area, and the Leangen Ice Hall (ice hockey stadium), IKEA as well as part of the Sør-Trøndelag University College college lies here.	Leangen	Norway
country	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka	Poland
country	Jaleshwar (Nepali: जलेश्वर) is a municipality in Janakpur Zone, Nepal, and the headquarters of Mahottari District.	Jaleshwar	Nepal
country	Pasiene Parish (Latvian: Pasienes pagasts) was an administrative unit of the now defunct Ludza District in Latvia.	Pasiene Parish	Latvia
country	Ivan the Great Bell Tower adjoins the Assumption Belfry, which was built between 1523 and 1543 by the Italian immigrant architect Petrok Maly Fryazin (who converted to Orthodox Christianity and settled in Russia).	Ivan the Great Bell Tower	Russia
country	Chookaki Paeen (Persian: چوکاکی پایین ‎) is a village in Tamin Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chookaki Paeen	Iran
country	Oymyakon (Russian: Оймяко́н, Yakut: Өймөкөөн, Öymököön) is a rural locality (a selo) in Oymyakonsky District of the Sakha Republic, Russia, located along the Indigirka River, 30 kilometers (19 mi) northwest of Tomtor on the Kolyma Highway.	Oymyakon	Russia
country	Chilcuautla (Otomi: ʼMiza) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Chilcuautla	Mexico
country	The Innerste Valley Railway (German: Innerstetalbahn) was a railway line, that ran through the Upper Harz in Central Germany.	Innerste Valley Railway	Germany
country	Zharazhi (Persian: ژراژي‎, also Romanized as Zharāzhī and Zhārāzhī) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zharazhi	Iran
country	Lesser Khingan (Chinese: 小兴安岭; pinyin: Xiǎo Xīng'ān Lǐng; Russian: Малый Хинган, Maly Khingan) is a mountain range in China's Heilongjiang Province and the adjacent parts of Russia's Amur Oblast and Jewish Autonomous Oblast.	Lesser Khingan	Russia
country	Eger Karl Johan (departement store) is a department store located at Egertorget, in the center of Oslo, Norway.	Eger Karl Johan	Norway
country	Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy Stadium or as District College Stadium is a cricket ground in Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Neelam Sanjeeva Reddy Stadium	India
country	Chak Garia (Bengali:চক্ গড়িয়া) or Chakgaria is a neighbourhood located in the eastern part of Garia, Kolkata, India.	Chak Garia	India
country	Starzechowice (staʐɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Starzechowice	Poland
country	Lower Domain Ground (also known as the Association Ground) was a cricket ground in Hobart, Tasmania, Australia.	Lower Domain Ground	Australia
country	Double Island Point is a coastal headland in Queensland, Australia.	Double Island Point	Australia
country	Allah Now Bazar (Persian: الله نوبازار‎, also Romanized as Allah Now Bāzār; also known as ``Alā Nūr Bāzār) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 10 families.	Allah Now Bazar	Iran
country	Bhojgarh is a village in the Shekhawati region of Rajasthan, India.	Bhojgarh	India
country	Skutvika or Skutvik is a small village in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Skutvika	Norway
country	The St. George's Cathedral, Timișoara or The Dome is located in Timişoara, Romania, at Piața Unirii, in the centre of town.	St. George's Cathedral, Timișoara	Romania
country	The Parliament of Catalonia (Catalan: Parlament de Catalunya, IPA: (pərɫəˈmen də kətəˈɫuɲə)) is the unicameral legislature of Catalonia (Spain).	Parliament of Catalonia	Spain
country	The National Hansen's Disease Museum (国立ハンセン病資料館 Kokuritsu Hansen-byō Shiryōkan) is a museum in Higashimurayama, Tokyo, Japan that is dedicated to education about Hansen's disease (leprosy) and to eliminate discriminatory practices against its sufferers.	National Hansen's Disease Museum	Japan
country	Svetinci (pronounced (ˈsʋeːtintsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia.	Svetinci	Slovenia
country	Ried im Innkreis is a town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria, approximately 70 km (43 mi) west of Linz and 60 km (37 mi) north of Salzburg.	Ried im Innkreis	Austria
country	Podgorica City Stadium (Montenegrin: Stadion pod Goricom) is an all - seater multi-purpose stadium in Podgorica, Montenegro.	Podgorica City Stadium	Montenegro
country	Independence and Mango Creek are adjacent villages in the Stann Creek District of Belize.	Independence and Mango Creek	Belize
country	With a summit altitude of 670 m (2199 ft), the Cairnwell Pass is the highest main road in the United Kingdom, and at the summit is the Glenshee Ski Centre, Scotland's largest and oldest ski centre.	Cairnwell Pass	United Kingdom
country	Napier Hill is a limestone outcrop rising above the lowland districts of the city of Napier in New Zealand.	Napier Hill	New Zealand
country	Skrunda-1, also known as Skrunda-2, is a ghost town and former Soviet radar station located 5 km (3 mi) to the north of Skrunda, in Raņķi parish, Latvia.	Skrunda-1	Latvia
country	Jakobsgatan is a street at Norrmalm in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Jakobsgatan	Sweden
country	Jyothy Kendriya Vidyalaya is a co-educational English medium school located in Yelachenahalli, Kanakapura Road, Bangalore in India.	Jyothy Kendriya Vidyalaya	India
country	Soto del Barco (Asturian: Sotu'l Barcu) is a small, coastal municipality in the Autonomous Community of the Principality of Asturias, Spain.	Soto del Barco	Spain
country	Anda Lighthouse (Norwegian: Anda fyrstasjon) is a lighthouse on the island of Anden in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county, Norway.	Anda Lighthouse	Norway
country	Posht Giaban (Persian: پشت گيابان‎, also Romanized as Posht Gīābān) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Posht Giaban	Iran
country	Tlapanalá is a town and municipality in Puebla in south-eastern Mexico.	Tlapanalá	Mexico
country	Chagar Bazar (Šagir Bazar, Arabic: تل شاغربازار) is a tell, or settlement mound, in northern Syria.	Chagar Bazar	Syria
country	Berovo Lake is a freshwater lake located in the Republic of Macedonia.	Berovo Lake	Macedonia
country	Kenong Rimba Park is a protected rainforest area in Malaysia, which borders on Taman Negara.	Kenong Rimba Park	Malaysia
country	The Panagyurishte Treasure (Bulgarian: Панагюрско златно съкровище) is a Thracian treasure excavated on December 8, 1949 by three brothers, Pavel, Petko and Michail Deikov who worked together at the region of ``Merul'' tile factory near the town of Panagyurishte, Bulgaria.	Panagyurishte Treasure	Bulgaria
country	Rostki-Piotrowice (ˈrɔstki pjɔtrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rostki-Piotrowice	Poland
country	Yanaizu Dam is a gravity dam on the Tadami River 2 km (1 mi) upstream of Yanaizu in the Fukushima Prefecture of Japan.	Yanaizu Dam	Japan
country	Prokopyevsk (Russian: Прокопьевск; IPA: (prɐˈkopʲjɪfsk)) is a city in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia.	Prokopyevsk	Russia
country	Sufi Baleh (Persian: صوفي بله‎, also Romanized as Şūfī Baleh and Şūfī Beleh; also known as Baleh, Şūfī, and Sūfi Bileh) is a village in Gol-e Cheydar Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Sufi Baleh	Iran
country	Achmad Yani International Airport (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Internasional Achmad Yani) (IATA: SRG, ICAO: WARS ) serves Semarang, Central Java, Indonesia.	Achmad Yani International Airport	Indonesia
country	Ternopilsky Misky Stadion (Ukrainian: Тернопільський міський стадіон, literally Ternopil City Stadium) is a multi-use stadium in Ternopil, Ukraine.	Ternopilsky Misky Stadion	Ukraine
country	Virgin Gorda Airport (IATA: VIJ, ICAO: TUPW) is an airport on Virgin Gorda in the British Virgin Islands, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom.	Virgin Gorda Airport	British Virgin Islands
country	Bondoc Peninsula is in Calabarzon Region, southern part of Luzon Island, Philippines.	Bondoc Peninsula	Philippines
country	Città Studi (literally, ``city of the studies'') is a district (``quartiere'') of Milan, Italy, located within the Zone 3 administrative division.	Città Studi	Italy
country	Tsovazard (Azerbaijani: Hacı Muxan; Armenian: Ծովազարդ; until 1978 Mukhan and Gadzhi Mukhan) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Tsovazard	Armenia
country	Pasuruan Regency is a regency of East Java province of Indonesia.	Pasuruan Regency	Indonesia
country	Hoholmen Bridge (Norwegian: Hoholmen bru) is a cantilever bridge in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Hoholmen Bridge	Norway
country	The Groninger Museum (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɣroːnɪŋər myˈzeːjʏm)) is an art museum in the city of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Groninger Museum	Netherlands
country	The terracotta Bankura horse, the logo of All India Handicrafts, and an item which now adorns drawing rooms across the world as symbols of Indian folk-art, is produced in Panchmura	Panchmura	India
country	Cabeça Gorda is a parish of the municipality of Beja, southeast Portugal.	Cabeça Gorda	Portugal
country	Ibotirama is a municipality located in the west of the state of Bahia, Brazil.	Ibotirama	Brazil
country	The Kavilda stronghold (Estonian: Kavilda vasallilinnus, German: Kawelecht) was a castle in Tartu County, Estonia, on the western slope of the Kavilda River.	Kavilda stronghold	Estonia
country	Mount Gravatt State High School is a co-educational government secondary school of about 1500 students is located in Mount Gravatt, a suburb in the south of Brisbane, Australia.	Mount Gravatt State High School	Australia
country	Archaeological Museum, Thrissur is an art and archaeological museum situated in Thrissur City of Kerala state, India.	Archaeological Museum, Thrissur	India
country	Pas Tuk (Persian: پستوك‎, also Romanized as Pas Tūk) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Pas Tuk	Iran
country	Moss Verft was a shipyard in Jeløya, Moss, Norway.	Moss Verft	Norway
country	Akrotiri Bay (Greek: Κόλπος Ακρωτηρίου, Kolpos Akrotiriou; Turkish: Limasol Körfezi) is a part of the Mediterranean Sea east of the Akrotiri Peninsula on the southern coast of the island of Cyprus.	Akrotiri Bay	Cyprus
country	Bērzaune parish (Latvian: Bērzaunes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Bērzaune parish	Latvia
country	The Roen (Italian: Monte Roen; German: Roen) is a mountain of the Nonsberg group on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino, Italy.	Roen	Italy
country	Shtulim (Hebrew: שְׁתוּלִים, eng. the Planted) is a moshav in south-central Israel.	Shtulim	Israel
country	Çandahar (also, Çandaxar, Chandakhar, and Ğəndahar) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Çandahar	Azerbaijan
country	Sevec (pronounced (ˈseːʋəts)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Sevec	Slovenia
country	Ruba is an urban settlement (status since 1970) in the Vitebsk Oblast of Belarus.	Ruba	Belarus
country	Harappa (Punjabi pronunciation: (ɦəɽəppaː); Punjabi: ਹੜੱਪਾ; Urdu: ہڑپّہا‎) is an archaeological site in Punjab, Pakistan, about 24 km (15 mi) west of Sahiwal.	Harappa	Pakistan
country	The Imha Dam is an embankment dam on the Banbyeoncheon River, a tributary of the Nakdong River, 14 km (9 mi) east of Andong in Gyeongsangbuk-do province, South Korea.	Imha Dam	South Korea
country	The Levallois-Perret Cemetery (French: Cimetière de Levallois-Perret, also known simply as Cimetière de Levallois) is a cemetery in the commune of Levallois-Perret in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, France.	Levallois-Perret Cemetery	France
country	Segorbe is a municipality in the mountainous coastal province of Castelló, autonomous community of Valencia, Spain.	Segorbe	Spain
country	École secondaire Saint-Edmond is a public French-language secondary school in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada.	École secondaire Saint-Edmond	Canada
country	The Belgrade Stock Exchange (abbr. BELEX, Serbian: Beogradska berza) is a stock exchange based in Belgrade, Serbia.	Belgrade Stock Exchange	Serbia
country	Mount Amida is an 837 metre high mountain in Saeki-ku, Hiroshima, Japan.	Mount Amida	Japan
country	Cheramakan (Persian: چرامكان‎, also Romanized as Cherāmakān and Charā Makān; also known as Charmakān and Chārmeh Kan) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District, Arzhan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheramakan	Iran
country	The Bavarian Railway Museum (Bayerische Eisenbahnmuseum or BEM) is a railway museum based in the old locomotive sheds at Nördlingen station in Bavaria, Germany.	Bavarian Railway Museum	Germany
country	Southbank tram depot is located in Southbank, a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia.	Southbank tram depot	Australia
country	Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre, in full Église Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre (French for Church of Saint Julian the Poor), is a Melkite Greek Catholic parish church in Paris, France, and one of the city's oldest religious buildings.	Saint-Julien-le-Pauvre	France
country	Spodnji Pokštajn (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈpoːkʃtai̯n); also Spodnji Pokštanj, German: Unterpockstein) is a former village in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Spodnji Pokštajn	Slovenia
country	Randaberg is a municipality in Rogaland county, Norway, located just to the north of Stavanger.	Randaberg	Norway
country	Konca Vas (pronounced (ˈkoːntsa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Konca vas, formerly Konca or Konec; German: Ort) is a small settlement immediately north of Stara Cerkev in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Konca Vas	Slovenia
country	Owdui (Persian: اودوئي‎, also Romanized as Owdūī and Owdoee) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Owdui	Iran
country	The Taipei Municipal Stadium (Chinese: 台北田徑場; pinyin: Táiběi Tiánjìng Chǎng) is a multi-purpose stadium in Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Municipal Stadium	Taiwan
country	Čiekurkalns (German: Schreienbusch) is neighbourhood of Northern District in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Čiekurkalns	Latvia
country	Ali-Sabieh Airport (IATA: AII, ICAO: HDAS) is an airport serving the city of Ali-Sabieh in the Ali Sabieh Region of Djibouti.	Ali-Sabieh Airport	Djibouti
country	Rah Kola (Persian: راه كلا‎, also Romanized as Rāh Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rah Kola	Iran
country	Twillingate Museum is a museum located in the town of Twillingate, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Twillingate Museum	Canada
country	The Oginski Canal is a canal in Belarus which connects Yaselda River and Shchara River.	Oginski Canal	Belarus
country	Dozdkordak (Persian: دزدكردك‎; also known as Arzkūdarak and Dozdkūrdak) is a village in Kamfiruz-e Jonubi Rural District, Kamfiruz District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dozdkordak	Iran
country	Seskarö (Finnish: Seittenkaari) is a locality situated in Haparanda Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 491 inhabitants in 2010.	Seskarö	Sweden
country	Chardavol County (Persian: شهرستان چرداول‎) is a county in Ilam Province in Iran.	Chardavol County	Iran
country	The Palau Reial Major (Catalan pronunciation: (pəˈɫaw rəˈjaɫ məˈʒo), ``Grand Royal Palace'') is a complex of historic buildings located in Plaça del Rei, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Palau Reial Major	Spain
country	Wilding Park, now branded as Z Energy Wilding Tennis Centre, is a tennis facility located in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Wilding Park	New Zealand
country	Kenana Airport (ICAO: HSKN ) is an airstrip serving the production site of Kenana Sugar Company, approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Rabak in Sudan.	Kenana Airport	Sudan
country	Huta Komarowska (ˈxuta kɔmaˈrɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarów-Osada, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Huta Komarowska	Poland
country	Fortitude Valley Post Office is a heritage-listed former post office at 740 Ann Street, Fortitude Valley, City of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Fortitude Valley Post Office	Australia
country	The Anieșul Mare River (Hungarian: Nagy-Anyes-patak) is a headwater of the Anieș River in Romania	Anieșul Mare River	Romania
country	Cham Tuyileh (Persian: چم طويله‎, also Romanized as Cham Ţūyīleh) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Cham Tuyileh	Iran
country	The Frisian Islands, also known as the Wadden Islands or Wadden Sea Islands, form an archipelago at the eastern edge of the North Sea in northwestern Europe, stretching from the northwest of the Netherlands through Germany to the west of Denmark.	Frisian Islands	Netherlands	Germany	Denmark
country	Hung Vuong University (Vietnamese: Trường Đại học Hùng Vương, HVU) is a public university in Phú Thọ Province, Vietnam.	Hung Vuong University	Vietnam
country	Toowoomba (nicknamed 'The Garden City') is a city in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Toowoomba	Australia
country	Pamekasan Regency is a regency (kabupaten) of the province of East Java, Indonesia.	Pamekasan Regency	Indonesia
country	The Aran jumper (Irish: Geansaí Árann) is a style of jumper that takes its name from the Aran Islands off the west coast of Ireland.	Aran jumper	Ireland
country	Löberöd Castle (Swedish: Löberöds slott) is a castle in Eslöv Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Löberöd Castle	Sweden
country	Koogu is a village in Aseri Parish, Ida-Viru County in northeastern Estonia.	Koogu	Estonia
country	Palazzo Rivellino, also called Rivellino, is a historical building in the municipality of Belmonte Calabro, in the province of Cosenza, Calabria, southern Italy.	Palazzo Rivellino	Italy
country	Jiguan District (simplified Chinese: 鸡冠区; traditional Chinese: 雞冠區; pinyin: Jīguān Qū) is a district and the seat of the city of Jixi, Heilongjiang province, People's Republic of China.	Jiguan District	People's Republic of China
country	The Bucharest Motorway Ring Road (Romanian: Autostrada Centura Bucureşti), termed A0, is a planned motorway ring road around the city of Bucharest, the capital of Romania.	Bucharest Motorway Ring Road	Romania
country	Naedong Station is a closed railway station in South Korea.	Naedong Station	South Korea
country	Vistträsk (former name was Vistheden) is a locality situated in Älvsbyn Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 248 inhabitants in 2010.	Vistträsk	Sweden
country	Parnimeh (Persian: پرنيمه‎, also Romanized as Parnīmeh) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Parnimeh	Iran
country	International Film Awards Berlin, often shortened to ifab, is an annual film festival held in the city of Berlin, Germany.	International Film Awards Berlin	Germany
country	The Jardin des Plantes de Rouen (8 hectares) is a municipal botanical garden located at 7, rue de Trianon, Rouen, Seine-Maritime, Upper Normandy, France.	Jardin des Plantes de Rouen	France
country	But only 500 metres further north the valley gets even wider (almost 3 km), since the valley of the Mülibach joins now the Suhretal from the west, as well as nowadays the most freqented motorway in Switzerland, the A1.	Suhre	Switzerland
country	Larkanun (Persian: لركانون‎, also Romanized as Larkānūn) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Larkanun	Iran
country	Stadionul Republicii (Romanian: (stadiˈonul reˈpublit͡ʃij), Stadium of the Republic) was a multi-use stadium in Bucharest, Romania.	Stadionul Republicii	Romania
country	Marseille Cathedral (Cathédrale Sainte-Marie-Majeure de Marseille or Cathédrale de la Major) is a Roman Catholic cathedral, and a national monument of France, located in Marseille.	Marseille Cathedral	France
country	The Lauragais is an area of southwestern France, south-east of Toulouse.	Lauragais	France
country	The Darwin River Dam is located in Australia's Northern Territory on the Darwin River.	Darwin River Dam	Australia
country	Fonte de Angeão e Covão do Lobo is a civil parish in the municipality of Vagos, Aveiro district, Portugal.	Fonte de Angeão e Covão do Lobo	Portugal
country	Dizaj-e Fathi (Persian: ديزج فتحي‎, also Romanized as Dīzaj-e Fatḩī) is a village in Baranduz Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizaj-e Fathi	Iran
country	Kistler Group is a Switzerland-based manufacturer of sensors and systems for measuring forces and torques, analyzing force-displacement and force-time characteristics, and documenting data during assembly and product testing.	Kistler Group	Switzerland
country	Vaughan Public Libraries (VPL) is a public library system consisting of eight libraries in the city of Vaughan in Ontario, Canada.	Vaughan Public Libraries	Canada
country	Inishvickillane or Inishvickillaun (from Irish: Inis Mhic Aoibhleáin) is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry, Ireland.	Inishvickillane	Ireland
country	The Bustan al-Marj Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית בוסתן אל-מרג'‎, Mo'atza Azorit Bustan al-Marj) is a regional council in northern Israel.	Bustan al-Marj Regional Council	Israel
country	Xınaxlı (also, Khynakhly) is a village and municipality in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xınaxlı	Azerbaijan
country	Ugro Tara Temple is a temple dedicated to Tara (Devi) located in the western side of Jor Pukhury tanks in the heart of Guwahati city in the Lotaxil (Latasil) locality in Northeast India.	Ugro Tara Temple	India
country	The Salzgitter Bismarck Tower is an observation tower completed in 1900 in Salzgitter, Germany.	Salzgitter Bismarck Tower	Germany
country	The Social Party of National Unity (Spanish: Partido Social de Unidad Nacional), or Party of the U (Spanish: Partido de ``la U'') is a political party in Colombia.	Social Party of National Unity	Colombia
country	Əhən (also, Agan and Akhan) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əhən	Azerbaijan
country	Hamburg Records is a Hamburg, Germany based independent record label and artist management owned by Pyogenesis vocalist Flo V. Schwarz.	Hamburg Records	Germany
country	Tuczno-Wieś (ˈtut͡ʂnɔ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Złotniki Kujawskie, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Tuczno-Wieś	Poland
country	Lake Barombi Mbo or Barombi-ma-Mbu is a lake near Kumba in the Southwest Region of Cameroon.	Lake Barombi Mbo	Cameroon
country	Napajedla (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnapajɛdla); German: Napajedl) is a town in the Zlín Region, Czech Republic.	Napajedla	Czech Republic
country	Hutyn Tomnatyk (Ukrainian: Гутин Томнатик) is a peak in the Chornohora region of Ukraine, with height of 2,016 meters above sea level.	Hutyn Tomnatyk	Ukraine
country	Marvão (Portuguese pronunciation: (mɐɾˈvɐ̃w)) is a municipality in Portalegre District in Portugal.	Marvão	Portugal
country	Kamwenge District is a district in Western Uganda.	Kamwenge District	Uganda
country	Kaupanger Stave Church (Norwegian: Kaupanger stavkyrkje) is the largest stave church in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Kaupanger Stave Church	Norway
country	The Mannheim Centre for Competition and Innovation (MaCCI) in Mannheim, Germany is an economic research institute and a member of the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Scientific Community.	Mannheim Centre for Competition and Innovation	Germany
country	The Santana Formation is a geologic Lagerstätte (undisturbed fossil accumulation) in northeastern Brazil's Araripe Basin where the states of Pernambuco, Piauí and Ceará come together.	Santana Formation	Brazil
country	Huch'uy Pirwalla (Quechua huch'uy small, hispanicized spelling Uchuy Pirhualla) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,600 metres (15,092 ft) high.	Huch'uy Pirwalla	Peru
country	Natifah is a village in Jordan approximately 2 km south-west of Irbid.	Natifah	Jordan
country	Collège Saint-Alexandre is a private secondary school (high school) located in Gatineau, in the Outaouais region, in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Collège Saint-Alexandre	Canada
country	Hemed (Hebrew: חֶמֶד, lit. Grace; Arabic: حيمد‎) is a religious moshav in central Israel.	Hemed	Israel
country	Poás Volcano National Park, in Spanish Parque Nacional Volcán Poás, is a National Park in Costa Rica that covers an area of approximately 65 square kilometres (16,000 acres); the summit is 2,700 metres (8,900 ft).	Poás Volcano National Park	Costa Rica
country	Yamburgsky Uyezd (Ямбургский уезд) was one of the eight subdivisions of the Saint Petersburg Governorate of the Russian Empire.	Yamburgsky Uyezd	Russian Empire
country	Wąpielsk (ˈvɔmpjɛlsk) is a village in Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wąpielsk	Poland
country	Osprey Reef is a submerged atoll in the Coral Sea, northeast of Queensland, Australia.	Osprey Reef	Australia
country	Bubanj Potok (Serbian Cyrillic: Бубањ Поток) is a non-residential suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Bubanj Potok	Serbia
country	Czerlejewo (t͡ʂɛrlɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wschowa, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Czerlejewo	Poland
country	Heimburg Castle (German: Burg Heimburg), also called the Altenburg or Alteburg, is a ruined castle on an oval hilltop about 330 metres above sea level (NN) which is located just north of the Harz Mountains in central Germany.	Heimburg Castle	Germany
country	Sapiehów (saˈpʲɛxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sosnówka, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Sapiehów	Poland
country	Mupa National Park is a national park in Angola's Cunene province.	Mupa National Park	Angola
country	Patasar is headquarter village of Sankhar village development committee which is in ward number 7 of Syangja District, Gandaki Zone, Western Region, Nepal.	Patasar	Nepal
country	Arabia Felix (lit. Happy Arabia; also Greek: Eudaimon Arabia) was the Latin name previously used by geographers to describe the southern part of the Arabian Peninsula, Yemen, a country with an extensive history.	Arabia Felix	Yemen
country	Ali Darreh (Persian: عاليدره‎, also Romanized as ``Ālī Darreh; also known as Āl Darreh) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 287, in 76 families.	Ali Darreh	Iran
country	Badghis University (Persian: دانشگاه بادغیس‎) is located in Badghis province, Afghanistan.	Badghis University	Afghanistan
country	Leioa (Spanish: Lejona) is a municipality in Biscay, Basque Country, in northern Spain.	Leioa	Spain
country	Malá Strana (Czech for ``Little Quarter'', German: Prager Kleinseite) or more officially Menší Město pražské (English: Lesser Town of Prague) is a district of the city of Prague, Czech Republic, and one of its most historic regions.	Malá Strana	Czech Republic
country	The Canadian Light Source (CLS) (French: Centre canadien de rayonnement synchrotron -- CCRS) is Canada's national synchrotron light source facility, located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Canadian Light Source	Canada
country	The Socialist Party of Navarre (official Spanish language name: Partido Socialista de Navarra) is a regional branch of the mainstream Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), main centre-left party in Spain since the 1970s.	Socialist Party of Navarre	Spain
country	Dyulino Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in eastern Bulgaria.	Dyulino Pass	Bulgaria
country	Kuvango or Cuvango is a town and municipality in Huíla Province in Angola.	Kuvango	Angola
country	Molino de Flores Nezahualcóyotl National Park, located in the Municipality of Texcoco, the State of Mexico, Mexico.	Molino de Flores Nezahualcóyotl National Park	Mexico
country	Zoula is a small village in the Ogooué-Ivindo province of Gabon halfway between Mékambo and Mazingo.	Zoula	Gabon
country	Mjøsund Bridge (Norwegian: Mjøsundbrua) is a cantilever bridge in Ibestad and Salangen municipalities in Troms county, Norway.	Mjøsund Bridge	Norway
country	Huatan Township (Chinese: 花壇鄉; pinyin: Huātán Xiāng) is a rural township in Changhua County, Taiwan.	Huatan	Taiwan
country	Elorrio is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country, Spain.	Elorrio	Spain
country	Isla del Pescado, Isla de los Pescadores or Cujiri is a hilly and rocky outcrop of land in the middle of Salar de Uyuni -- a salt flat situated in the Daniel Campos Province, Tahua Municipality, Caquena Canton, Bolivia.	Isla del Pescado	Bolivia
country	Civil Rights Defenders is working in Sweden, Central Asia, Southeast Asia, Western Balkans and Eastern Europe.	Civil Rights Defenders	Sweden
country	Lake Athapapuskow is a glacial lake located 15 km (9.3 mi) southeast of Flin Flon, Manitoba, Canada, straddling the Manitoba and Saskatchewan border.	Lake Athapapuskow	Canada
country	Ala ol Din-e Sofla (Persian: علاالدين سفلي‎, also Romanized as ʿAlā ol Dīn-e Soflá; also known as ʿAlāeddīn-e Soflá) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ala ol Din-e Sofla	Iran
country	Sorkhanjub-e Asadbeygi (Persian: سرخانجوب اسدبيگي‎, also Romanized as Sorkhānjūb-e Āsadbeygī) is a village in Khaveh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sorkhanjub-e Asadbeygi	Iran
country	Howz-e Jafar (Persian: حوض جعفر‎, also Romanized as Howẕ-e Ja``far) is a village in Fahraj Rural District, in the Central District of Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Howz-e Jafar	Iran
country	Nydalahöjd, sometimes called Nydalahöjden, is a residential area in Umeå, Sweden.	Nydalahöjd	Sweden
country	Torpa stenhus (translated Torpa stone house) is a well-preserved medieval castle near lake Åsunden, in the county of Västra Götaland, southern Sweden.	Torpa stenhus	Sweden
country	Stożek Wielki (Czech: Velký Stožek) (literally ``big cone'') is a mountain on the border of Poland and the Czech Republic, in the Silesian Beskids mountain range.	Stożek Wielki	Czech Republic
country	Galați (Romanian pronunciation: (ɡaˈlat͡sʲ); also known by other alternative names) is the capital city of Galați County, in the historical region of Moldavia, eastern Romania.	Galați	Romania
country	Rhodes Maritsa Airport (Greek: Αερολιμένας Ρόδου - Μαριτσών) (IATA: LGRD) is a military airport located on the island of Rhodes in Greece.	Rhodes Maritsa Airport	Greece
country	Pindrawal is a town in Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh, India Rohilkhand railway station is about 4 km away from Pindrawal.	Pindrawal	India
country	Canaima Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Canaima; IATA: CAJ, ICAO: SVCN) is an airport in Canaima, a town located in Canaima National Park in the state of Bolívar in Venezuela.	Canaima Airport	Venezuela
country	RAF Downham Market was a Royal Air Force station in the west of the county of Norfolk in the United Kingdom which operated during the second half of the Second World War.	RAF Downham Market	United Kingdom
country	Maly Payalpan (Russian: Малый Паялпан) is a shield volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Maly Payalpan	Russia
country	Velpuru is a village and a mandal in West Godavari district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India	Velpuru	India
country	Kolagh Ayah (Persian: كلاغ ايه‎, also Romanized as Kolāgh Āyah) is a village in Kahrizak Rural District, Kahrizak District, Rey County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kolagh Ayah	Iran
country	Sepno-Radonia (ˈsɛpnɔ raˈdɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Sepno-Radonia	Poland
country	Colmars or Colmars-les-Alpes (Còumars in provençal) is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.	Colmars	France
country	Grędziec (ˈɡrɛnd͡ʑɛt͡s) (German: Schöningen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warnice, within Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Grędziec	Poland
country	Horní Věstonice (German: Oberwisternitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Břeclav District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Horní Věstonice	Czech Republic
country	Goariva is a village in the Carhaix-Plouguer commune in the Finistère department in north-western France.	Goariva	France
country	Tasmania Police had the first purpose-built Police Academy in Australia.	Tasmania Police	Australia
country	Catherinas Lust is an estate (large agricultural landholding) located approximately 13.8 km from the town of Fort Wellington in the Mahaica-Berbice region of Guyana in South America.	Catherinas Lust	Guyana
country	Östersunds-Posten, simply ÖP, is a Swedish language local newspaper published in Östersund, Sweden.	Östersunds-Posten	Sweden
country	Santa Lucía Hill (Spanish: Cerro Santa Lucía) is a small hill in the centre of Santiago, Chile.	Santa Lucía Hill	Chile
country	Zhedna (Bulgarian: Жедна) is a small village in western Bulgaria.	Zhedna	Bulgaria
country	A1 Mine Settlement is a town in Victoria, Australia, located north of Woods Point on the Mansfield - Woods Point Road, in the Shire of Mansfield.	A1 Mine Settlement	Australia
country	Sommarøy is a populated island in the western part of the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county, Norway.	Sommarøy	Norway
country	Město Touškov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmɲɛsto ˈtou̯ʃkof); German: Stadt Tuschkau) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Město Touškov	Czech Republic
country	Kalochori-Panteichi (Greek: Καλοχώρι-Παντείχι) is a village in Euboea regional unit, Greece.	Kalochori-Panteichi	Greece
country	Marjah (also spelled Marjeh; Pashto/Persian: مارجه ) is an agricultural town in southern Afghanistan.	Marjah	Afghanistan
country	The Jama'are River, also known as the Bunga River in its upper reaches, starts in the highlands near Jos, Plateau State, Nigeria and flows northeast through Bauchi State and Yobe State before joining the Hadejia River to form the Yobe River.	Jama'are River	Nigeria
country	The Gialia Monastery (Georgian: ღალია, Ğalia; Greek: Γιαλιά) is the ruined medieval Georgian Orthodox monastery at the village of Gialia, Paphos District, northwest Cyprus.	Gialia Monastery	Cyprus
country	The Đuống River (Vietnamese: Sông Đuống), also known as the Thiên Đức River, is a river of Vietnam.	Đuống River	Vietnam
country	Luhonono, until 2013 Schuckmannsburg, is a village in the Caprivi Strip in northeastern Namibia with a population of about 800.	Luhonono	Namibia
country	Bohara is a village in the district of Shaheed Bhagat Singh Nagar in Punjab, India.	Bohara	India
country	The peat therapy resort Moorbad Gmös in the vicinity of the town of Laakirchen (situated on the edge of the Salzkammergut) is one of the few moorland areas in the Alpine foothills of Upper Austria.	Moorbad Gmös	Austria
country	The Estadio Dr. Nicolás Léoz is a football stadium in the city of Asunción, Paraguay.	Estadio Dr. Nicolás Léoz	Paraguay
country	Kiri Territory is an administrative region in the Mai-Ndombe District of Bandundu Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Kiri Territory	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Ušće Tower (Serbian Cyrillic: Ушће, meaning ``confluence'') is a 25-story mixed use skyscraper located at 6 Mihajlo Pupin Boulevard in the New Belgrade municipality of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Ušće Tower	Serbia
country	Neyuk-e Sofla (Persian: نيوك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Neyūk-e Soflá; also known as Neyūk) is a village in Nadushan Rural District, Khezrabad District, Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Neyuk-e Sofla	Iran
country	Khosuyeh (Persian: خسويه‎, also Romanized as Khosūyeh; also known as Khusu) is a village in Khosuyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Khosuyeh	Iran
country	CS Gloria Arad was a football club based in Arad, Romania, founded in 1913.	CS Gloria Arad	Romania
country	Sosnivka (Ukrainian: Соснівка, Polish: Sosnówka) is a city in Lviv Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Sosnivka	Ukraine
country	Buali Sina University, also written Bu-Ali Sina University (Persian: دانشگاه بوعلی سينا‎‎), is in the city of Hamedan in the Hamedan province of Iran.	Bu-Ali Sina University	Iran
country	Birkdale is part of the Southport constituency for elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom, it is currently represented by the Liberal Democrat MP, John Pugh.	Birkdale	United Kingdom
country	Garmdarreh Rural District (Persian: دهستان گرمدره‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Garmdarreh Rural District	Iran
country	Orlikowo (ɔrliˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Orlikowo	Poland
country	The National University of Córdoba (Spanish: Universidad Nacional de Córdoba, UNC), founded in 1613, is the oldest university in Argentina, the fourth oldest in South America and the sixth oldest in Latin America.	National University of Córdoba	Argentina
country	Khezr Qeshlaq (Persian: خزرقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Khezr Qeshlāq) is a village in Chaybasar-e Shomali Rural District, Bazargan District, Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khezr Qeshlaq	Iran
country	Vrelo Ibra (pronounced (ʋrê.lo iɓɾa); English: Spring of the Ibar River) is the spring of the River Ibar located in the north-east region of Montenegro in Rožaje.	Vrelo Ibra	Montenegro
country	The Tornillo Port of Entry is a new border crossing that has replaced the Fabens Port of Entry on the U.S.-Mexico border.	Tornillo Port of Entry	Mexico
country	Kiblai (Persian: کیبلای‎) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan.	Kiblai	Tajikistan
country	The Sjörup Runestone is a runestone in Scania, Sweden, from approximately 1000 AD that is classified as being in runestone style RAK.	Sjörup Runestone	Sweden
country	The China Steel Corporation Headquarters (Chinese: 中鋼集團總部大樓; pinyin: Zhōnggāngjítuán Zǒngbù Dàlóu) is a skyscraper in Qianzhen District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	China Steel Corporation Headquarters	Taiwan
country	The Landtag of Hesse (German: Hessischer Landtag) is the Parliament of the State of Hesse in the Federal Republic of Germany.	Landtag of Hesse	Germany
country	The Selous Game Reserve is one of the largest faunal reserves of the world, located in the south of Tanzania.	Selous Game Reserve	Tanzania
country	Morera Thatte is an archaeological site consisting of a number of stone structures on Chikkabenkal hill near Gangavathi in Koppal district, India, dating back to the Stone Age.	Morera Thatte	India
country	Mahan District (Persian: بخش ماهان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mahan District	Iran
country	Acacoyagua Municipality one of the 122 municipalities of Chiapas, which in turn is one of the states of Mexico.	Acacoyagua Municipality	Mexico
country	Banjarnegara is a town in Central Java, Indonesia and the seat of Banjarnegara Regency.	Banjarnegara	Indonesia
country	Santa Teresa del Tuy (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsanta teɾeˈsa ðel tui)) is a city in the state of Miranda, Venezuela.	Santa Teresa del Tuy	Venezuela
country	Nenince (Hungarian: Lukanénye) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Nenince	Slovakia
country	Aabey also spelled Abey (Arabic: عبيه ‎) is a village located in Mount Lebanon, in Aley District of Mount Lebanon Governorate .	Aabey	Lebanon
country	Trondheim Prison (Norwegian: Trondheim fengsel) is a prison located in Trondheim, Norway and belongs to the Northern Region of the Norwegian Correctional Services.	Trondheim Prison	Norway
country	Parque Tezozómoc is a large park in Mexico City.	Parque Tezozómoc	Mexico
country	Hazarin (Arabic: حزارين‎, also spelled Hazzarin) is a village in northwestern Syria, administratively belonging to the Idlib Governorate, located 60 kilometers southwest of Idlib.	Hazarin	Syria
country	Bilogora is a low mountainous range in central Croatia.	Bilogora	Croatia
country	Gąsierzyno (ɡɔ̃ɕeˈʐɨnɔ) (German Ganserin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gąsierzyno	Poland
country	The Manitoba Liberal Party is a political party in Manitoba, Canada.	Manitoba Liberal Party	Canada
country	Apatou is a commune in French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France in South America.	Apatou	France
country	Dzoraglukh (Armenian: Ձորագլուխ; formerly, Gyulablu) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Dzoraglukh	Armenia
country	The Chihuahua Institute of Technology (in Spanish: Instituto Tecnológico de Chihuahua, ITCh) is a public university located in the city of Chihuahua, capital of the state of Chihuahua, in Mexico.	Chihuahua Institute of Technology	Mexico
country	Freshmart (styled as freshmart) is a chain of supermarkets based in Ontario, Canada.	Freshmart	Canada
country	Nannilam block is a revenue block in the Nannilam taluk of Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Nannilam block	India
country	Parc des Sports de l'avenue Pont Juvénal, was a multi-use stadium in Montpellier, France.	Parc des Sports de l'avenue Pont Juvénal	France
country	Nushan-e Sofla (Persian: نوشان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nūshān-e Soflá) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Nushan-e Sofla	Iran
country	Praprotno Brdo (pronounced (ˈpɾaːpɾɔtnɔ ˈbəɾdɔ)) is a small settlement above Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Praprotno Brdo	Slovenia
country	Dochowo (dɔˈxɔvɔ) (German: Dochow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dochowo	Poland
country	Khanqah Dogran is city in the Sheikhupura District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Khanqah Dogran	Pakistan
country	The Cave of Zeus is a system of caves located on the slopes of Mount Ida, on the island of Crete, Greece.	Cave of Zeus	Greece
country	The Manoir de Mathan is a manor house located in the town of Crépon in the Calvados region of France.	Manoir de Mathan	France
country	Låtefossen or Låtefoss is a waterfall located in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland County, Norway.	Låtefossen	Norway
country	Lang Tengah Island (or Pulau Lang Tengah in Malay) is an island off the coast of Terengganu, Malaysia.	Lang Tengah Island	Malaysia
country	Darshademan (Persian: دارشادمان‎, also Romanized as Dārshādemān; also known as Dārchādmān) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darshademan	Iran
country	The Majlis Link is a major highway link in Petaling Jaya city, Selangor, Malaysia.	Majlis Link	Malaysia
country	Klwów (klvuf) is a village in Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Klwów	Poland
country	Markland College is a school in Oudenbosch and Zevenbergen, Netherlands.	Markland College	Netherlands
country	Khashaat (Mongolian: Хашаат, ``fenced'') is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.	Khashaat	Mongolia
country	Kurukkalmadam is a village in district Batticaloa of Sri Lanka.	Kurukkalmadam	Sri Lanka
country	The Marchiazza is a 34 km long stream (torrente) of Piedmont, in north-western Italy.	Marchiazza	Italy
country	Hawqa ( known also as Haouqa or Hawka, Arabic: حوقا ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Hawqa	Lebanon
country	Canberra Airport (IATA: CBR, ICAO: YSCB), is the airport serving Australia's capital city, Canberra, the nearby city of Queanbeyan, NSW and the surrounding regional area of South-Eastern New South Wales.	Canberra Airport	Australia
country	Menbi Gewog (Dzongkha: སྨན་སྦིས་) is a gewog (village block) of Lhuntse District, Bhutan.	Menbi Gewog	Bhutan
country	Gazey (Bulgarian: Газей) is a peak in the Pirin mountain, Bulgaria situated on a small sideward ridge of the Polejansli Ridge.	Gazey	Bulgaria
country	Sõmerpalu paisjärv is a lake in the parish of Sõmerpalu, in Estonia's Voru County which borders with both Latvia and Russia.	Sõmerpalu paisjärv	Estonia
country	Syzran (Russian: Сызрань; IPA: (ˈsɨzrənʲ)) is the third largest city in Samara Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of Saratov Reservoir of the Volga River.	Syzran	Russia
country	Les Platons is the highest point of Jersey, a British Crown Dependency, with an elevation of 136 metres (446 ft).	Les Platons	Jersey
country	Zavin District (Persian: بخش زاوین‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zavin District	Iran
country	Dəyirmandağ (also, Dagirmandag) is a village and municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəyirmandağ	Azerbaijan
country	Katrivier Dam is a multi-arch type dam located on the Kat River, near Seymour, Eastern Cape, South Africa.	Katrivier Dam	South Africa
country	Lisa von Lübeck is the reconstruction of a 15th-century caravel with homeport Lübeck, Germany.	Lisa von Lübeck	Germany
country	Toronto Baptist Seminary and Bible College is a Reformed Baptist theological college in Toronto, Canada.	Toronto Baptist Seminary and Bible College	Canada
country	The Hanoi Opera House (Vietnamese: Nhà hát lớn Hà Nội, French: Opéra de Hanoï) is an opera house in central Hanoi, Vietnam.	Hanoi Opera House	Vietnam
country	Jangal Tir Ahmad (Persian: جنگل تيراحمد‎, also Romanized as Jangal Tīr Aḩmad; also known as Jangal) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jangal Tir Ahmad	Iran
country	Jamna Dolna (ˈjamna ˈdɔlna) (Ukrainian: Ямна Долішня Yamna Dolishnia) is a non-existing village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustrzyki Dolne, within Bieszczady County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Jamna Dolna	Poland
country	Galerie Walter Klinkhoff (closed in December 2013) was a commercial art gallery in Montreal, Canada specializing specifically in the purchase and sale of Canadian painting and sculpture from 1850 to the present.	Galerie Walter Klinkhoff	Canada
country	Moussoro is a town in Chad, lying 300 km (190 mi) northeast of N'Djamena on the road to Faya-Largeau.	Moussoro	Chad
country	Popovjani (Macedonian: Поповјани; Albanian: Popojan) is a village in Kičevo Municipality in the Republic of Macedonia.	Popovjani	Macedonia
country	Baguio Central University is a university located in the City of Baguio, Philippines.	Baguio Central University	Philippines
country	Kamaleswaram (Malayalam: കമലേശ്വരം) is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India.	Kamaleswaram	India
country	Chabok (Persian: چابك‎, also Romanized as Chābok) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chabok	Iran
country	Mesagne (in local dialect Misciagni) is a comune in the province of Brindisi and region of Apulia, on the south-east Italy coast.	Mesagne	Italy
country	Seyl Gabri (Persian: سيل گبري‎, also Romanized as Seyl Gabrī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Seyl Gabri	Iran
country	Lenhydroproject (Russian: Ленгидропроект) is a major research and design institute for hydrotechnology and hydroelectric engineering based in St. Petersburg, Russia.	Lenhydroproject	Russia
country	The Misema Caldera is a striking 2,704-2,707 million year old caldera in Ontario and Quebec, Canada.	Misema Caldera	Canada
country	Brzozowy Borek (bʐɔˈzɔvɨ ˈbɔrɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Brzozowy Borek	Poland
country	Karczowiska Górne (kart͡ʂɔˈviska ˈɡurnɛ) (German: Oberkerbswalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Karczowiska Górne	Poland
country	Pocona (Quechua: Puquna) is a location in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Pocona	Bolivia
country	Zacualtipan (formally: Zacualtipan de Ángeles ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Zacualtipan	Mexico
country	Växjö Cathedral (Swedish: Växjö domkyrka) in the centre of Växjö, Sweden, is the seat of the bishop of the Diocese of Växjö in the Church of Sweden.	Växjö Cathedral	Sweden
country	Chah Najaf (Persian: چاه نجف‎, also Romanized as Chāh Najaf and Chāh-e Najaf; also known as Tolombeh-ye Najaf) is a village in Zirab Rural District, in the Central District of Zarrin Dasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Najaf	Iran
country	Karuyeh (Persian: كارويه‎, also Romanized as Kārūyeh; also known as Kāravīeh and Karveh) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karuyeh	Iran
country	Centum City (Korean: 센텀시티) is a major multi-project urban development part of Haeundae-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Centum City	South Korea
country	Tabon M. Estrella National High School (TMENHS) is a public, technical-vocational high school institution located in Purok 4A, Sugala Street, Waray-Waray, Barangay Tabon, Bislig City, Surigao del Sur, Philippines.	Tabon M. Estrella National High School	Philippines
country	Shib (Persian: شيب‎, also Romanized as Shīb; also known as Deh Shīb and Deh Sab) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shib	Iran
country	SKBM Degree College (formerly known as Muslim Rajput Inter College) in Dildarnagar, Uttar Pradesh, India, is situated in the far east of the town.	SKBM Degree College	India
country	The Orto Botanico di Cascina Rosa (about 22,000 m²) is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Milan, and located at the end of Via Carlo Valvassori Peroni, Milan, Italy.	Orto Botanico di Cascina Rosa	Italy
country	Casa Agustí is a modernista building in the Progrés quarter of Badalona (metropolitan area of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) built in 1893.	Casa Agustí	Spain
country	Kizilyurt (Russian: Кизилю́рт; Kumyk: Къызылюрт) is a town in the Republic of Dagestan, Russia, about 53 kilometers (33 mi) northwest of Makhachkala.	Kizilyurt	Russia
country	Presidente Ríos Lake (Spanish pronunciation: (pɾesiˈðente ˈri.os)) is located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile.	Presidente Ríos Lake	Chile
country	During the Soviet occupation of Estonia, Nursipalu training area was part of the Soviet Army Visnevski military-campus and training area for Soviet Airborne Troops and missile brigade with the area of 3,703 ha.	Nursipalu training area	Estonia
country	Police station of Sattuvanthangal Village Panchayat located in Cheyyar taluk of Thiruvannamalai district, Tamil Nadu (India) Sattuvanthangal has a police station in charge of a Sub-Inspector.	Sattuvanthangal	India
country	Académica Petróleos do Lobito, usually known as Académica Lobito, are a football (soccer) club from Lobito, Angola.	Académica Petróleos do Lobito	Angola
country	Lathlain Park (formerly known as Brownes Stadium and EFtel Oval under ground sponsorship arrangements) is an Australian rules football ground, located in Lathlain, an inner-eastern suburb of Perth, Western Australia.	Lathlain Park	Australia
country	Wad Madani (Arabic: ودمدني‎ Wad Madanī) or (Madani) is the capital of the Al Gezira state in east-central Sudan.	Wad Madani	Sudan
country	Melaghar Rath is the 2nd tallest in whole India after Mahesh Rath.	Melaghar	India
country	Renieblas is a municipality located in the province of Soria, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Renieblas	Spain
country	Uebeschisee is a small lake at Uebeschi, in the Upper Gürbetal, near Thun, Switzerland.	Uebeschisee	Switzerland
country	The Umfolozi River (also uMfolozi, Imfolozi or Mfolozi) is a river in KwaZulu-Natal, a province of South Africa.	Umfolozi River	South Africa
country	Maryina Horka (Belarusian: Мар'іна Горка, Russian: Марьина Горка, Maryina Gorka) is a town in Minsk Voblast, Belarus, the capital of the Pukhavichy Raion.	Maryina Horka	Belarus
country	Pro NRW is a right-wing political party in Germany taking part in regional elections of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Pro NRW	Germany
country	Lake Manych-Gudilo (Russian: Ма́ныч-Гуди́ло) is a large saltwater reservoir lake in Kalmykia, Russia.	Lake Manych-Gudilo	Russia
country	Lake Guinas is the larger of only two permanent natural lakes in Namibia.	Lake Guinas	Namibia
country	Haut-Bocage is a commune in the Allier department of central France.	Haut-Bocage	France
country	Lublin University of Technology (Politechnika Lubelska) is an engineering university in Lublin, Poland.	Lublin University of Technology	Poland
country	Lasana is a small village located 40 km (25 mi) northeast of the city of Calama in the Calama province of Chile's northern Antofagasta Region.	Lasana	Chile
country	Bellcaire d'Empordà is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Empordà, in Catalonia, Spain.	Bellcaire d'Empordà	Spain
country	The Orna Porat Children's Theater is a children's repertoire theater established in 1970 by Israel Prize winner and actress Orna Porat and Yigal Alon, the Minister of Education at the time.	Orna Porat Children's Theater	Israel
country	Strzyżów (ˈstʂɨʐuf) is a town in Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, Poland with 8,709 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Strzyżów	Poland
country	Yemelyanovo International Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Емельяново) (IATA: KJA, ICAO: UNKL) is a major airport in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia, 27 km northwest of Krasnoyarsk.	Yemelyanovo International Airport	Russia
country	Zlatník (Hungarian: Aranyospatak) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Zlatník	Slovakia
country	The Mönckebergstraße (locally also called Mö) is one of the main shopping streets in Hamburg, Germany.	Mönckebergstraße	Germany
country	Hojjatabad-e Kaseh Rud (Persian: حجت ابادكاسه رود‎, also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād-e Kāseh Rūd; also known as Ḩojjatābād) is a village in Forg Rural District, Forg District, Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hojjatabad-e Kaseh Rud	Iran
country	Mudzi East is a parliamentary constituency in Mashonaland, Zimbabwe.	Mudzi East	Zimbabwe
country	The Ibrah River or Wadi Ibrah (also spelt Ibra) is a river in Darfur in Sudan.	Ibrah River	Sudan
country	Tang-e Simin (Persian: تنگ سيمين‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Sīmīn) is a village in Kushk-e Qazi Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Simin	Iran
country	Stoneham Mountain Resort is a ski resort, located north of Quebec City, Quebec, Canada, in the municipality of Stoneham-et-Tewkesbury.	Stoneham Mountain Resort	Canada
country	Turquino National Park, also known as Sierra Maestra National Park, is a national park in Santiago de Cuba Province, southeastern Cuba.	Turquino National Park	Cuba
country	Franzensfeste Fortress (Italian: Forte di Fortezza; German: Festung Franzensfeste) is a fortress situated in a village Franzensfeste, in South Tyrol, Italy.	Franzensfeste Fortress	Italy
country	Mazraeh-ye Sharif (Persian: مزرعه شريف‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sharīf) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 99, in 24 families.	Mazraeh-ye Sharif	Iran
country	Kamennomostsky (Russian: Каменномо́стский; Adyghe: Каменномост; lit. stone bridge), also informally called Khadzhokh (Хаджо́х), is a rural locality (a settlement) in Maykopsky District of the Republic of Adygea, Russia, located on the Belaya River 40 kilometers (25 mi) south of Maykop.	Kamennomostsky	Russia
country	Banasandra is a small town north of Turuvekere, India.	Banasandra	India
country	The Diocese of Funen (Danish: Fyens Stift) is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Denmark, based in Odense.	Diocese of Funen	Denmark
country	Leirvik is a town and the administrative centre of Stord municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Leirvik	Norway
country	Bhawana (also spelled as Bhowana) (Urdu: بھوانہ‎, Punjabi: بھوآنہ) is the capital of Bhawana tehsil and a city in Punjab, Pakistan.	Bhawana	Pakistan
country	Krnjići (Serbian: Крњићи) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krnjići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Church of the Natività della Vergine, also known as ``Ceseta Rossa'' (Red Chiesetta), is a small Gothic church or oratory, located on Corso Garibaldi in Thiene, Italy.	Church of the Natività della Vergine	Italy
country	Kishi Qaraoy or Maloye Karaoy is a village in Almaty Region, in southeastern Kazakhstan.	Kishi Qaraoy	Kazakhstan
country	The Konsh Valley is located on the extreme northern borders of the Mansehra district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Konsh Valley	Pakistan
country	Redlands College is a P-12 coeducational college with over 1300 students located at Wellington Point, Brisbane, Australia.	Redlands College	Australia
country	The Beautiful River is a river in the Buller district in the South island of New Zealand.	Beautiful River	New Zealand
country	The Märkischer Kreis is a district (Kreis) in central North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Märkischer Kreis	Germany
country	Nydalens Compagnie was a company in Nydalen, Oslo, Norway.	Nydalens Compagnie	Norway
country	Żelazowa Wola (ʐɛlaˈzɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in Gmina Sochaczew, Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żelazowa Wola	Poland
country	The Institute of World Economy and International Relations (Russian: Институт мировой экономики и международных отношений), or IMEMO, is a leading independent research institute based in Moscow, Russia.	Institute of World Economy and International Relations	Russia
country	In 1969, the former President of the People's Republic of China, Liu Shaoqi, died from medical neglect while under house arrest in Kaifeng.	Kaifeng	People's Republic of China
country	Sorkhdasht (Persian: سرخ دشت‎‎) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sorkhdasht	Iran
country	Darreh-ye Badam (Persian: دره بادام‎, also Romanized as Darreh-ye Bādām) is a village in Dowreh Rural District, Chegeni District, Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh-ye Badam	Iran
country	The Antikensammlung Berlin (Berlin antiquities collection) is one of the most important collections of classical art in the world, now held in the Altes Museum and Pergamon Museum in Berlin, Germany.	Antikensammlung Berlin	Germany
country	Chuprene (Bulgarian: Чупрене, pronounced (ˈtʃuprɛnɛ)) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Vidin Province.	Chuprene	Bulgaria
country	Bhogabir is a very large colony situated near Banaras Hindu University, in Varanasi in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India, and near the very famous Sankat Mochan Hanuman Temple.	Bhogabir	India
country	Loreto Kirribilli is an Independent, elite Roman Catholic, day school for girls, located in Kirribilli, a Lower North Shore suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Loreto Kirribilli	Australia
country	Tartus District (Arabic: منطقة طرطوس, translit.: manṭiqat Ṭarṭūs) is a district of the Tartus Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Tartus District	Syria
country	Mongu District is a district of Zambia with headquarters at Mongu.	Mongu District	Zambia
country	VEB Typoart was the only type foundry of East Germany.	VEB Typoart	Germany
country	Vakil (Persian: وكيل‎, also Romanized as Vakīl) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Vakil	Iran
country	Banská Bystrica railway station (Slovak: Železničná stanica Banská Bystrica) serves the city and municipality of Banská Bystrica, seat of the Banská Bystrica Region, central Slovakia.	Banská Bystrica railway station	Slovakia
country	Ramlila Maidan also Ramlila Ground is a large ground located in New Delhi, India, traditionally used for staging the annual Ramlila.	Ramlila Maidan	India
country	Pyzdry (ˈpɨzdrɨ) (German: Peisern) is a town in Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,163 inhabitants (2004).	Pyzdry	Poland
country	Ziegenrück is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in southern Thuringia, Germany.	Ziegenrück	Germany
country	Geleh Sureh (Persian: گله سوره‎‎, also Romanized as Geleh Sūreh; also known as Geleh Sūr) is a village in Bowalhasan Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Geleh Sureh	Iran
country	Tokarahi is a small village located in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Tokarahi	New Zealand
country	Thrippakudam Siva Temple is a Hindu temple located at Thalayazham, a village near Vaikom, Kottayam district, Kerala, India.	Thrippakudam	India
country	Central Hawke's Bay District is part of the Hawke's Bay Region in the North Island of New Zealand.	Central Hawke's Bay District	New Zealand
country	Bandishola (Tamil: பாண்டிசோழா) is a Panchayat village in Coonoor Taluk of The Nilgiris District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Bandishola	India
country	Pisti (Aymara and Quechua for influenca, a common cold or plague, also spelled Piste) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,100 metres (16,732 ft) high.	Pisti	Peru
country	Neo Souli (Greek: Νέο Σούλι) is a village and a community in the municipality of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Neo Souli	Greece
country	Charlottenlund Church (Norwegian: Charlottenlund kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Charlottenlund Church	Norway
country	Rearguard Falls Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, protecting Rearguard Falls on the Fraser River.	Rearguard Falls Provincial Park	Canada
country	Salariyeh (Persian: سالاريه‎, also Romanized as Sālārīyeh) is a village in Esmaili Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Salariyeh	Iran
country	Marishan (Persian: ماريشان‎, also Romanized as Mārīshān) is a village in Taftan-e Jonubi Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Marishan	Iran
country	Bangor Academy and Sixth Form College (informally Bangor Academy) is a secondary school located in Bangor, Co Down, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.	Bangor Academy and Sixth Form College	United Kingdom
country	Parry Sound/St. Waleran Island Water Aerodrome (TC LID: CPD6) was an aerodrome located on Georgian Bay 9 nautical miles (17 km; 10 mi) southwest of Parry Sound, Ontario, Canada.	Parry Sound/St. Waleran Island Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Sévaré (or Sevare) is a town in the Mopti Region of Mali.	Sévaré	Mali
country	Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev (pronounced (ˈʋəɾx ˈsʋeːtix ˈtɾeːx ˈkɾaːljɛu̯)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Rovte in the Municipality of Logatec in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Vrh Svetih Treh Kraljev	Slovenia
country	Ippy is a town located in the Central African Republic prefecture of Ouaka.	Ippy	Central African Republic
country	The river Nesque (French: La Nesque) is a river in Provence (France).	Nesque	France
country	Kwadijk is a village and former municipality in the northwest Netherlands.	Kwadijk	Netherlands
country	The KG College of Arts and Science (KG-CAS), in Coimbatore, India, was founded in 2005 at Coimbatore, India.	KG College of Arts and Science	India
country	Pornainen (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈpornɑinen); Swedish: Borgnäs) is a municipality of Finland.	Pornainen	Finland
country	Rawa Island (Malay: Pulau Rawa) is a coral island in Mersing District, Johor, Malaysia.	Rawa Island	Malaysia
country	The Black Caviar Lightning, registered as the Lightning Stakes is a Victoria Racing Club Group 1 thoroughbred horse race at Weight for Age, run over a distance of 1000 metres at Flemington Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia in February.	Black Caviar Lightning	Australia
country	Lake Palakpakin is one of the Seven Lakes of San Pablo in Laguna province in the Philippines.	Lake Palakpakin	Philippines
country	Fouriesburg is a small town situated at the junction of the R711 and R26 routes in the eastern Free State, South Africa.	Fouriesburg	South Africa
country	Aharji is a historical pilgrimage site for Jainism in India.	Aharji	India
country	Moreton Bay Pile Light was a pile lighthouse positioned at the mouth of Brisbane River, in Moreton Bay, Queensland, Australia, marking the entrance to the port of Brisbane.	Moreton Bay Pile Light	Australia
country	Vålådalen Nature Reserve (Swedish: Vålådalens naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden.	Vålådalen Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	Ikerasak Island (Greenlandic: Ikerasaap qeqertaa) is an island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland, located in the southeastern part of Uummannaq Fjord, at the mouth of Ikerasak Fjord, its innermost section.	Ikerasak Island	Greenland
country	Rudo (Serbian Cyrillic: Рудо) is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the Republika Srpska entity.	Rudo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Mazraeh-ye Nasrollah Jafary (Persian: مزرعه نصرالله جعفرئ‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Naşrollah Ja``fary) is a village in Kamin Rural District, in the Central District of Pasargad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Nasrollah Jafary	Iran
country	Chabówka (xaˈbufka) is a village located on the outskirts of the southern Polish town of Rabka, in the Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship.	Chabówka	Poland
country	Insenborn (Luxembourgish: Ënsber) is a village in the commune of Neunhausen, in north-western Luxembourg.	Insenborn	Luxembourg
country	Midrand is an area in central Gauteng Province, South Africa.	Midrand	South Africa
country	Balakrishnapuram is a panchayat town in Dindigul district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Balakrishnapuram	India
country	Tosali or Toshali was an ancient city in the present day Orissa state in eastern India.	Tosali	India
country	In the Parliament of the United Kingdom, Muirend is represented in the House of Commons as part of the county constituency of East Renfrewshire.	Muirend	United Kingdom
country	Chivilingo Hydroelectric Plant is a historic hydroelectric power station located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) south of Lota, Chile.	Chivilingo Hydroelectric Plant	Chile
country	The Kuban State University (Russian: Кубанский государственный университет KubSU) is a university in the Kuban area of southern Russia.	Kuban State University	Russia
country	Consthum (Luxembourgish: Konstem) is a village and a former commune in northern Luxembourg, in the canton of Clervaux.	Consthum	Luxembourg
country	The Town of Croydon was a local government area for the governance of Croydon, Queensland, Australia.	Town of Croydon	Australia
country	Lake Nabberu is a large salt lake located in the Mid West region of Western Australia.	Lake Nabberu	Australia
country	Delüün (Mongolian: Дэлүүн) is a sum (district) of Bayan-Ölgii Province in western Mongolia.	Delüün	Mongolia
country	The right-of-way has been incorporated into a recreational trail system affiliated with the Trans-Canada Trail network and the Kinsol Trestle is now mainly a tourist destination.	Kinsol Trestle	Canada
country	Turanspor is a sports club in located in Ankara, Turkey.	Turanspor	Turkey
country	Eleftheres (Greek: Ελευθερές) is a village and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Eleftheres	Greece
country	Langebaan is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the eastern shore of Langebaan Lagoon.	Langebaan	South Africa
country	Cái Vồn is ward and capital of Bình Minh town in Vĩnh Long province, Vietnam.	Cái Vồn	Vietnam
country	Dehgeh-ye Shah Mansuri (Persian: ده گه شامنصوري‎, also Romanized as Dehgeh-ye Shāh Manşūrī) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Dehgeh-ye Shah Mansuri	Iran
country	Składów (ˈskwaduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Składów	Poland
country	Bllatë e Sipërme (Upper Bllatë) is a settlement in the former Maqellarë municipality, Dibër County, northeastern Albania.	Bllatë e Sipërme	Albania
country	The Adolfo Ibáñez University (Spanish: Universidad Adolfo Ibáñez) (UAI) is a private university in Chile pertaining to the Adolfo Ibáñez Foundation.	Adolfo Ibáñez University	Chile
country	Bobbio is a small town and commune in the province of Piacenza in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.	Bobbio	Italy
country	Maji Koti (Persian: مجي كتي‎, also Romanized as Majī Kotī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Maji Koti	Iran
country	Cape Three Forks is a headland on the Mediterranean coast of Morocco.	Cape Three Forks	Morocco
country	The Stack's Mountains are a mountain range about seven kilometres northeast of Tralee, along the N69 road in County Kerry in Ireland.	Stack's Mountains	Ireland
country	Sędzin-Kolonia (ˈsɛnd͡ʑin kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sędzin-Kolonia	Poland
country	The Suat Uğurlu Dam is a rock-fill dam for irrigation and hydro power purposes, located 24 km downstream of Hasan Uğurlu Dam on the River Yeşilırmak 13 km south of Çarşamba town and 25 km east of Samsun in northern Turkey.	Suat Uğurlu Dam	Turkey
country	Bragança Airport (Portuguese: Aeródromo de Bragança) (IATA: BGC, ICAO: LPBG) is an airport serving Bragança, Portugal.	Bragança Airport	Portugal
country	Dawbon Township (Burmese: ဒေါပုံ မြို့နယ် (dɔ́bòʊɴ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the southeastern part of Yangon, Myanmar.	Dawbon Township	Myanmar
country	Jarmot Kalan (Urdu: جرموٹ كلاں‎) is a town, Union council and administrative subdivision of Gujar Khan Tehsil in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Jarmot Kalan	Pakistan
country	Lake Tritriva is a volcanic lake in southwest-central Madagascar, in the region of Vàkinankàratra, located near the village of Belazao.	Lake Tritriva	Madagascar
country	Jianshi County (simplified Chinese: 建始县; traditional Chinese: 建始縣; pinyin: Jiànshǐ Xiàn) is a county of southwestern Hubei province, People's Republic of China.	Jianshi County	People's Republic of China
country	Nyírbátor (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɲiːɾbaːtoɾ)) is a town in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Nyírbátor	Hungary
country	Uummannaq Heliport (IATA: UMD, ICAO: BGUM) is a heliport in Uummannaq, a town located on Uummannaq Island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Uummannaq Heliport	Greenland
country	Dziardonice (d͡ʑardɔˈnit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowal, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dziardonice	Poland
country	Travna Gora (pronounced (ˈtɾaːu̯na ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a settlement in the hills south of Sodražica in southern Slovenia.	Travna Gora	Slovenia
country	Yerupajá is a mountain of the Waywash mountain range in west central Peru, part of the Andes.	Yerupajá	Peru
country	Dworaki-Pikaty (dvɔˈraki piˈkatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Dworaki-Pikaty	Poland
country	Mohammad Shahir (Persian: محمدشاهير‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Shāhīr; also known as Moḩammad Shā``er) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 130, in 24 families.	Mohammad Shahir	Iran
country	Hradec-Nová Ves (German Gröditz-Neudorf, Polish Grodziec-Nowa Wieś) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jeseník District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Hradec-Nová Ves	Czech Republic
country	Vesturi á Eiðinum Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Vágur, which is one of the larger villages in the southernmost island Suduroy in the Faroe Islands.	Vesturi á Eiðinum Stadium	Faroe Islands
country	The University of Lisbon (ULisboa; Portuguese: Universidade de Lisboa, pronounced: (univɨɾsiˈdad(ɨ) dɨ liʒˈboɐ)) is a public research university in Lisbon, and the largest university in Portugal.	University of Lisbon	Portugal
country	Galuiyeh (Persian: گلوييه‎, also Romanized as Galū’īyeh) is a village in Esfandaqeh Rural District, in the Central District of Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galuiyeh	Iran
country	The Albacete Provincial Museum (Museo Provincial de Albacete) is a museum of archeology and fine art located in Albacete, Spain.	Albacete Provincial Museum	Spain
country	The Binary Divide refers to UK higher education and the differentiation between polytechnic institutions (including central institutions) and universities within the United Kingdom between 1965 and 1992.	Binary Divide	United Kingdom
country	Lameh Dasht (Persian: لمعه دشت‎, also Romanized as Lam``eh Dasht; also known as Lumadasht and Lyumedesht) is a village in Khanandabil-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,079, in 255 families.	Lameh Dasht	Iran
country	Lambrick Park Secondary School is a traditional four-year (grades 9-12) public secondary school located in Saanich, British Columbia, Canada.	Lambrick Park Secondary School	Canada
country	The Consuegra Dam was a Roman buttress dam in Toledo province, Castilla-La Mancha, Spain, dating to the 3rd or 4th century AD.	Consuegra Dam	Spain
country	Anmado or Anma Island (Korean: 안마도) is an island off the coast of South Jeolla Province (Jeollanam-do), South Korea.	Anmado	South Korea
country	Lan Sang National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติลานสาง) is in the Dawna Range, Tak Province, northern Thailand.	Lan Sang National Park	Thailand
country	Qantir is a modern village in Egypt.	Qantir	Egypt
country	Semeru, or Mount Semeru (Indonesian: Gunung Semeru), is an active volcano located in East Java, Indonesia.	Semeru	Indonesia
country	Langfjordjøkelen (Northern Sami: Bartnatvuonjiehkki) is a glacier that is located on the border between Finnmark and Troms counties in Norway, making it one of the northernmost glaciers on the mainland of Norway.	Langfjordjøkelen	Norway
country	The Gare de Clermont-de-l'Oise is a railway station located in the town of Clermont in the Oise department in northern France.	Gare de Clermont-de-l'Oise	France
country	In elections for the United Kingdom national parliament, Bentworth is in the constituency of East Hampshire, which since May 2010 has been represented by Damian Hinds of the Conservative Party.	Bentworth	United Kingdom
country	Belazariškiai is a village in the Ukmergė district municipality, Lithuania, on the River Neris.	Belazariškiai	Lithuania
country	Shahjahanpur (/ʃɑːdʒəˌhɑːnˈpʊə/; Arabic: شاہجہان پور‎; Urdu: शाहजहाँपुर‎) is a municipal board, town and district headquarters of Shahjahanpur District in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Shahjahanpur	India
country	Kowalicha (kɔvaˈlixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kowalicha	Poland
country	Gagosh-e Sofla (Persian: گاگش سفلي‎, also Romanized as Gāgosh-e Soflá) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gagosh-e Sofla	Iran
country	The Théâtre de Neuve was a theatre in Geneva, Switzerland.	Théâtre de Neuve	Switzerland
country	The University of Kent (formerly the University of Kent at Canterbury, abbreviated as UKC or Cantuar. for post-nominals) is a public research university based in Kent, United Kingdom.	University of Kent	United Kingdom
country	The Waldviertel Pyramid is a pyramid in Waldviertel, Austria.	Waldviertel Pyramid	Austria
country	Fringe Product is also noteworthy for licensing bands such as Bad Brains, Dead Kennedys, Butthole Surfers, Killdozer, Rapeman, Jello Biafra, Die Kreuzen, Corrosion of Conformity, Gang Green, Swans, and Black Flag for distribution in Canada via Record Peddler Distribution.	Fringe Product	Canada
country	Tiexi District, Siping (simplified Chinese: 铁西区; traditional Chinese: 鐵西區; pinyin: Tiěxī Qū), literally meaning ``district west of the railroad'' is a district of Siping City, Jilin, People's Republic of China.	Tiexi District, Siping	People's Republic of China
country	Tower House Fort Cochin is a Colonial Dutch Trading House located in the port city of Cochin in the State of Kerala in India.	Tower House Fort Cochin	India
country	The Villa Aldobrandini is a villa in Frascati, Italy.	Villa Aldobrandini	Italy
country	As a part of the 2011 Kallikratis government reform, the regional unit Lasithi was created out of the former prefecture of Lasithi (Greek: Νομός Λασιθίου), which was created while Crete was still an autonomous state and was retained after the island joined Greece in 1913.	Lasithi	Greece
country	Institution Saint-Louis de Gonzague is a Roman Catholic primary and secondary school in Haiti.	Saint-Louis de Gonzague	Haiti
country	The Kasai region of the Democratic Republic of the Congo is divided administratively into Kasai-Occidental and Kasai-Oriental.	Kasai region	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Odense University was a university in Odense, Denmark.	Odense University	Denmark
country	Međudražje (Cyrillic: Међудражје) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Međudražje	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Oileán Ruaidh (Irish: red island), anglicised as Island Roy, also called Oileán an Bhráighe (Irish: island of the captive), is a small island in Mulroy Bay, County Donegal, Ireland.	Oileán Ruaidh	Ireland
country	The Tasmania Islands are uninhabited islands located in the Kitikmeot Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Tasmania Islands	Canada
country	Kiljava is a village in the municipality of Nurmijärvi in southern Finland.	Kiljava	Finland
country	Mikote (pronounced (ˈmiːkɔtɛ)) is a small settlement south of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Mikote	Slovenia
country	Duplín (Rusyn: Дуплін, Hungarian: Bányavölgy) is a village and municipality in Stropkov District in the 'Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.	Duplín	Slovakia
country	Coleraine was also the home of Bonar Law, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom for a short period in the 1920s.	Coleraine	United Kingdom
country	Folkets Park in Kävlinge, Sweden is a local society who started in 1905 by the workers of Kävlinge shoe factory.	Folkets Park in Kävlinge	Sweden
country	Gjesvær Chapel (Norwegian: Gjesvær kapell) is a chapel in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Gjesvær Chapel	Norway
country	The Luga River (Russian: Луга) is a river in Novgorodsky and Batetsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and Luzhsky, Volosovsky, Slantsevsky, and Kingiseppsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast of Russia.	Luga River	Russia
country	Qingshan Dam (Chinese: 青山壩; Hanyu Pinyin: Qīngshān Bà; Tongyong Pinyin: Cingshan Bà; Wade--Giles: Ch'ing1-shan1 Pa4) is a concrete gravity forebay dam on the Dajia River in Heping District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Qingshan Dam	Taiwan
country	Jeranovo (pronounced (jɛˈɾaːnɔʋɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Jeranovo	Slovenia
country	Topolobampo (Spanish pronunciation: (topoloˈβampo)) is a port on the Gulf of California in northwestern Sinaloa, Mexico.	Topolobampo	Mexico
country	Bachaw Norte is an islet on the Aklan River's delta and a barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines.	Bachaw Norte	Philippines
country	Bergen Aquarium (Norwegian: Akvariet i Bergen) is a public aquarium in Norway.	Bergen Aquarium	Norway
country	Currently Nikita Online operates with 19 titles in Russia, CIS and Baltic States.	Nikita Online	Russia
country	Mozhga (Russian: Можга́; Udmurt: Можга) is a town in the Udmurt Republic, Russia, located at the confluence of the Syuga and Syugailka Rivers, 97 kilometers (60 mi) southwest of Izhevsk, the capital of the republic.	Mozhga	Russia
country	Taiki Aerospace Research Field is a facility of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency.	Taiki Aerospace Research Field	Japan
country	École Secondaire Oak Bay High School is a high school in the Greater Victoria School District and is located in Oak Bay, British Columbia, Canada.	Oak Bay High School	Canada
country	Heammojávri or Hæmmujávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county, Norway.	Hæmmujávri	Norway
country	Abbaye de Keur Moussa, near Dakar, Senegal, is a Benedictine monastery of the Solesmes Congregation.	Abbaye de Keur Moussa	Senegal
country	Owerri (/oʊˈwɛriː/ oh-WERR-ee, Igbo: Owèrrè) is the capital of Imo State in Nigeria, set in the heart of Igboland.	Owerri	Nigeria
country	Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is one of the United Kingdom's NHS Foundation Trusts.	Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust	United Kingdom
country	Songea Airport (IATA: SGX, ICAO: HTSO) is an airport in southern Tanzania serving the town of Songea and the surrounding Ruvuma Region.	Songea Airport	Tanzania
country	Syedra (Greek: Σύεδρα) was an ancient port city in the Pamphylia region on the southern coast of modern-day Turkey between the towns of Alanya and Gazipaşa.	Syedra	Turkey
country	Kasane is a town in Botswana, close to Africa's 'Four Corners', where four countries almost meet:	Kasane	Botswana
country	Taheriabad (Persian: طاهري آباد‎, also Romanized as Ţāherīābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Taheriabad	Iran
country	Śmiardowo Krajeńskie (ɕmjarˈdɔvɔ kraˈjɛɲskʲɛ) (German: Schmirtenau; before 1909: Smirdowo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Śmiardowo Krajeńskie	Poland
country	The Kujawy mine is a large salt mine located in northern Poland in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship.	Kujawy mine	Poland
country	Garmdarreh (Persian: گرمدره‎, also Romanized as Garm Darreh; also known as Garmdarreh-ye Pā'īn) is a city in the Central District of Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Garmdarreh	Iran
country	The Frasassi Caves (Italian: Grotte di Frasassi) are a remarkable karst cave system in the municipality of Genga, Italy, in the province of Ancona, Marche.	Frasassi Caves	Italy
country	KUNSTEN Museum of Modern Art Aalborg is located in Aalborg, Denmark, on Kong Christians Allé near its junction with Vetserbro.	KUNSTEN Museum of Modern Art Aalborg	Denmark
country	Songgan County is a kun, or county, in central Chagang province, North Korea.	Songgan County	North Korea
country	Fadılı (also, Fadily and Fadyly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fadılı	Azerbaijan
country	The 18th U-boat Flotilla (German 18. Unterseebootsflottille) was a short-lived unit of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The flotilla was formed in Hel, Poland, in January 1945 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Rudolf Franzius.	18th U-boat Flotilla	Germany
country	Cape Breton North and Victoria (also known as North Cape Breton and Victoria and Cape Breton North--Victoria) was a federal electoral district in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1904 to 1968.	Cape Breton North and Victoria	Canada
country	Rudky (Ukrainian: Рудки, Polish: Rudki) is a city in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast in Ukraine.	Rudky	Ukraine
country	Großpetersdorf (Hungarian: 'Nagyszentmihály') is a municipality in Burgenland in the district of Oberwart in Austria.	Großpetersdorf	Austria
country	Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport (IATA: YGR, ICAO: CYGR) is located on Havre aux Maisons island in the Magdalen Islands, Quebec, Canada.	Îles-de-la-Madeleine Airport	Canada
country	The Osum Gorge (Albanian: Kanioni i Osumit) is a river gorge in southern Albania, near the town of Çorovodë.	Osum Gorge	Albania
country	Karkhaneh-ye Maseh (Persian: كارخانه ماسه‎, also Romanized as Kārkhāneh-ye Māseh) is a company town and village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Karkhaneh-ye Maseh	Iran
country	Rupčine (Serbian Cyrillic: Рупчине) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Rupčine	Serbia
country	Brennisteinsfjöll (``Brimstone mountain'') is a minor ridge with crater rows and small shield volcanoes in the Reykjanes peninsula in Iceland, about 20 km or 10 miles south of the capital Reykjavík.	Brennisteinsfjöll	Iceland
country	The Cherry Street Hotel is an 1859 heritage building in Toronto, Canada.	Cherry Street Hotel	Canada
country	The Drakenstein (``Dragonstone'') Mountains are part of the Cape Fold Belt and are in the Western Cape province of South Africa; they were named in honour of Hendrik Adriaan van Rheede tot Drakenstein who visited the Cape as Commissioner-General in 1685;	Drakenstein	South Africa
country	The Korea Forest Service is charged with maintaining South Korea's forest lands.	Korea Forest Service	South Korea
country	Toba Tek Singh Tehsil (Urdu: ڈسٹرکٹ ٹوبہ ٹیک سنگھ‎) is a subdivision (tehsil) of Toba Tek Singh District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Toba Tek Singh Tehsil	Pakistan
country	The Black Sea Biosphere Reserve (Ukrainian: Чорноморський біосферний заповідник) is a biosphere reserve of Ukraine that is located at littoral zone of the northern Black Sea coast covering regions of the Kherson and Mykolaiv Oblasts and including Gulf of Tendra and Yahorlyk Bay.	Black Sea Biosphere Reserve	Ukraine
country	WIC Radio Ltd v Simpson (2008) is a case on appeal from the Court of Appeal for British Columbia to the Supreme Court of Canada on defamation.	WIC Radio Ltd v Simpson	Canada
country	Convergence and Union (Catalan: Convergència i Unió, CiU; IPA: (kumbərˈʒɛnsiə j uniˈo)) was a Catalan nationalist electoral alliance in Catalonia, Spain.	Convergence and Union	Spain
country	Stachowiczki (staxɔˈvit͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stachowiczki	Poland
country	Ptolemais Hermiou or Ptolemais in the Thebaid was a city and Metropolitan Archbishopric in Greco-Roman Egypt and remains a Catholic titular see.	Ptolemais Hermiou	Egypt
country	The Indira Gandhi National Open University (Hindi: इंदिरा गाँधी राष्ट्रीय मुक्त विश्वविद्यालय), known as IGNOU, is a distance learning national university located in IGNOU road, Maidan Garhi, New Delhi, India.	Indira Gandhi National Open University	India
country	The Periodical and Electronic Press Union (Greek: Ένωση Συντακτών Περιοδικού - Ηλεκτρονικού Τύπου, Ε.Σ.Π.Η.Τ.) is a Greek trade union for journalists employed in the weekly newspapers, magazines and electronic media in Greece.	Periodical and Electronic Press Union	Greece
country	La Mesilla is a village in La Libertad municipality, Huehuetenango Department, Guatemala.	La Mesilla	Guatemala
country	Tsypnavolok or Tsyp-Navolok (Russian: Цыпнаволок, Цып-Наволок) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Rybachy Peninsula by Cape Tsypnavolok, by the Barents Sea.	Tsypnavolok	Russia
country	Kohneh Bahrami (Persian: كهنه بهرامي‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Bahrāmī) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Bahrami	Iran
country	Bultfontein is a town in the Free State province of South Africa with a total population of about 23,400 people.	Bultfontein	South Africa
country	Kapuwatta is one of the largest suburbs of Ja-Ela, Colombo, Sri Lanka.	Kapuwatta	Sri Lanka
country	The Circuito Lasarte was an 11.029-mile (17.749-kilometre) Grand Prix motor racing road course at Lasarte-Oria, Guipúzcoa, Spain in the Basque Country near the resort town of San Sebastián on the Bay of Biscay.	Circuito Lasarte	Spain
country	Žerovnica (pronounced (ʒɛˈɾoːu̯nitsa); in older sources also Žirovnica, German: Scheraunitz) is a village on the eastern shores of Lake Cerknica in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Žerovnica	Slovenia
country	Hörde is a Stadtbezirk (``City District'') and also a Stadtteil (Quarter) in the south of the city of Dortmund, in Germany.	Hörde	Germany
country	Deh-e Eslam (Persian: ده اسلام‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Eslām) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Eslam	Iran
country	La Harmoye (Breton: Lanhervoed, Gallo: Laharmoét) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	La Harmoye	France
country	Segamat Inner Ring Road, Johor State Routes J152, J216 and J217 is a 4-lane single carriageway municipal ring road system in Segamat, Johor, Malaysia.	Segamat Inner Ring Road	Malaysia
country	Majdal Anjar (Arabic: مجدل عنجر; also transliterated Majdel Anjar or Majdal 3njar) is a village of Beqaa Governorate, Lebanon.	Majdal Anjar	Lebanon
country	Budy-Matusy (ˈbudɨ maˈtusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanów, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy-Matusy	Poland
country	Outside its native Taiwan, Din Tai Fung also has branches in Australia, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, the United States, Thailand and Dubai.	Din Tai Fung	Japan
country	Stara Brzuza (ˈstara ˈbʐuza) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Brzuza	Poland
country	The Los Azules mine is a large silver mine located in the north-west of Argentina in San Juan Province.	Los Azules mine	Argentina
country	Mong Hpayak District (also Mong Hpyak or Mongphyat) is a district of the Shan State in Myanmar.	Mong Hpayak District	Myanmar
country	Mehdi Residential Housing (Persian: منازل مسکوني تيپ المهدي‎ -- Menāzl Meskūnī Tīp ol Mehdī) is a village in Jolgah Rural District, in the Central District of Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mehdi Residential Housing	Iran
country	The Gundu Island is one of the many islands that make up the city of Kochi, Kerala, India.	Gundu Island	India
country	The Muswellbrook Chronicle and Upper Hunter advertiser is a newspaper published in Muswellbrook, New South Wales, Australia since 1872.	The Muswellbrook Chronicle and Upper Hunter advertiser	Australia
country	Qurghonteppa Oblast (also known as Kurgan-Tyube Oblast) was an administrative subdivision in Tajikistan until 1992, when it was merged with Kulob Oblast to create Khatlon Province.	Qurghonteppa Oblast	Tajikistan
country	Chvaletice Power Station is a large lignite-fired power station at Chvaletice in the Czech Republic, owned by ČEZ.	Chvaletice Power Station	Czech Republic
country	Fugnan Bira (meaning ``near a nose'' because of its proximity to the last part of a mountain chain) is a town in east-central Ethiopia.	Fugnan Bira	Ethiopia
country	Theravil Aru (or Toravil Aru) is a river in Northern Province, Sri Lanka.	Theravil Aru	Sri Lanka
country	Cochamal District is one of twelve districts of the province Rodríguez de Mendoza in the country of Peru.	Cochamal District	Peru
country	Kokpek (Kazakh: Көкпек) is a village in Almaty Region, in southeastern Kazakhstan.	Kokpek	Kazakhstan
country	Maruia is a locality in the West Coast region of New Zealand.	Maruia	New Zealand
country	Nizhny Novgorod State Technical University (Russian: Нижегородский государственный технический университет им. Р. Е. Алексеева, NNSTU) is a public technical university located in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia.	Nizhny Novgorod State Technical University	Russia
country	Agrobom is a former civil parish, located in the municipality of Alfândega da Fé, in northern Portugal.	Agrobom	Portugal
country	Verdun pri Uršnih Selih (pronounced (ʋɛɾˈduːn pɾi ˈuːɾʃnix ˈseːlix); Slovene: Verdun pri Uršnih selih) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia.	Verdun pri Uršnih Selih	Slovenia
country	Goragorsky (Russian: Горагорский; Chechen: Горагорск) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Nadterechny District of the Chechen Republic, Russia, located on the Gorga River.	Goragorsky	Russia
country	Chatuk (Persian: چتوك‎, also Romanized as Chatūk) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chatuk	Iran
country	San Donato di Ninea (Greek: Nymphaea) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	San Donato di Ninea	Italy
country	Sultan Idris Shah II Mosque is the state mosque of Perak, Malaysia.	Sultan Idris Shah II Mosque	Malaysia
country	30 de Mayo is a neighbourhood in the city of Santo Domingo in the Distrito Nacional of the Dominican Republic.	30 de Mayo	Dominican Republic
country	Agareb (Tunisian Arabic: عقارب‎) is a coastal town and commune in eastern Tunisia in the Sfax Governorate.	Agareb	Tunisia
country	Batangas Bay is a semi-enclosed body of water situated in the province of Batangas in Luzon island in the Philippines.	Batangas Bay	Philippines
country	Písek Gate (Czech: Písecká brána), also called Bruska Gate (Czech: Bruská brána) is a former city gate of Baroque fortification of Prague, Czech Republic.	Písek Gate	Czech Republic
country	Joué-lès-Tours (French pronunciation: ​(ʒwelɛtuʁ)) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Joué-lès-Tours	France
country	Stara Biała (ˈstara ˈbjawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stara Biała	Poland
country	Kunosići (Serbian: Куносићи) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kunosići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ərəbşəki (also, Arabsheki) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Ərəbşəki	Azerbaijan
country	Goliath transmitter was a VLF transmitter of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine near Kalbe an der Milde in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany, which was in service from 1943 to 1945.	Goliath transmitter	Germany
country	The Trans-Siberian Highway is the unofficial name for a network of federal highways that span the width of Russia from the Baltic Sea of the Atlantic Ocean to the Sea of Japan of the Pacific Ocean.	Trans-Siberian Highway	Russia
country	Iklin (Maltese: L-Iklin) is a village in the Central Region of Malta, with a population of 3,130 as of March 2014.	Iklin	Malta
country	Viðareiði (pronounced (ˈviːjaɹaijɪ), literally: Wood-Isthmus, Danish: Viderejde) is the northernmost settlement in the Faroe Islands and lies on the Island of Viðoy, which belongs to the Norðoyar Region.	Viðareiði	Faroe Islands
country	Govindapally is a small town and panchayat in Malkangiri district of Odisha state in India.	Govindapally	India
country	Selemdzha River (Russian: Селемджа) is a river in the Amur Region of Russia.	Selemdzha River	Russia
country	Taprogge GmbH is a medium-sized company based in Wetter, Germany.	Taprogge	Germany
country	The Alberche is a river in the provinces of Ávila, Madrid and Toledo, central Spain.	Alberche	Spain
country	Luuka Town, also known as Luuka Municipality, but often referred to simply as Luuka, is a town in Eastern Uganda.	Luuka Town	Uganda
country	Petrohué River (Spanish pronunciation: (petɾoˈwe)) is a Chilean river located in the Los Lagos Region of Chile.	Petrohué River	Chile
country	Du Abi (also Doābī) is a village located at 33.9033°N 67.8753°E with an altitude of 3091 m in the central part of Nawur District, Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.	Du Abi	Afghanistan
country	Béjaïa (Kabyle: Bgayet, ⴱⴳⴰⵢⴻⵜ), formerly Bougie and Bugia, is a Mediterranean port city on the Gulf of Béjaïa in Algeria; it is the capital of Béjaïa Province, Kabylia.	Béjaïa	Algeria
country	İskilip is a district of Çorum Province of Turkey, on the left bank of the River Kızılırmak, located at 56 km from the city of Çorum, 100 miles (160 km) northeast of Ankara and 60 miles (100 km) southeast of Kastamonu.	İskilip	Turkey
country	Oripää Airfield is an airfield in Oripää, Finland, 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) northeast of Oripää municipal centre.	Oripää Airfield	Finland
country	Gavareshkan (Persian: گوارشكان‎, also Romanized as Gavāreshkan and Gavāreshgan) is a village in Radkan Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gavareshkan	Iran
country	Gardelegi (in Spanish, Gardélegui) is a village in the municipality of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the province of Alaba, in the Basque Autonomous Community in Spain.	Gardelegi	Spain
country	Kundeshwar is a village situated in Tikamgarh District, 5 km south of Tikamgarh, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Kundeshwar	India
country	Drežnička Gradina (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрежничка Градина) is a mountain in western Serbia, between cities of Požega and Užice.	Drežnička Gradina	Serbia
country	Lake Sterzh (Стерж) is the third largest among the Valdai Lakes in Tver Oblast of Russia.	Lake Sterzh	Russia
country	As of the 2011 Census of India, Nemali had a total population of 2,867 of which 1,481 were male and 1,386 female --a sex ratio of 936 females per 1000 males.	Nemali	India
country	Petrevene (Pétrevene, Petrevéne, Bulgarian: Петревене) is a village in North Central Bulgaria.	Petrevene	Bulgaria
country	Kirkesnesmoen Chapel (Norwegian: Kirkesnesmoen kapell) is a parish church in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county, Norway.	Kirkesnesmoen Chapel	Norway
country	Počúvadlo is a village and municipality in Banská Štiavnica District, in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Počúvadlo	Slovakia
country	Donauwörth station is a railway station in southern Germany.	Donauwörth station	Germany
country	Antwerp International Airport (IATA: ANR, ICAO: EBAW) is a small international airport serving Antwerp, the second most populous city of Belgium.	Antwerp International Airport	Belgium
country	Pablo de Olavide University (Universidad Pablo de Olavide (UPO) in Spanish) is a public university in Seville, Spain.	Pablo de Olavide University	Spain
country	Vanwyksvlei or Van Wyk's Vlei (Afrikaans for Van Wyk's Marsh) is a small town in the Northern Cape, South Africa.	Vanwyksvlei	South Africa
country	Makian (also Machian and Pulau Makian, where pulau means 'island') is a volcanic island, one of the Maluku Islands (Maluku Utara administrative division) in Indonesia.	Makian	Indonesia
country	The Geological Curators' Group (GCG) is a United Kingdom based registered charity and a membership organisation.	Geological Curators' Group	United Kingdom
country	Tbilisi State Medical University (TSMU) (Georgian: თბილისის სახელმწიფო სამედიცინო უნივერსიტეტი (თსსუ)) is a leading medical university in Tbilisi, Georgia.	Tbilisi State Medical University	Georgia
country	The Foxton Branch was a railway line in New Zealand.	Foxton Branch	New Zealand
country	The Berlin Observatory (Berliner Sternwarte) is a German astronomical institution with a series of observatories and related organizations in and around the city of Berlin in Germany, starting from the 18th century.	Berlin Observatory	Germany
country	Ryczyca (rɨˈt͡ʂɨt͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ryczyca	Poland
country	Derriwong is a rural locality in Cunningham County a Cadastral divisions of New South Wales, Australia.	Derriwong	Australia
country	Ålen Church (Norwegian: Ålen kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ålen Church	Norway
country	Sumsar is an urban-type settlement in Chatkal District of Jalal-Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan.	Sumsar	Kyrgyzstan
country	Bijni (IPA: ˈbɪʒnɪ) is a town and a town area committee in Chirang district in the state of Assam, India.	Bijni	India
country	Abichuna Gne'a (``Abichu and Gne'a'') is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Abichuna Gne'a	Ethiopia
country	Sandy Cape Light is a heritage-listed active lighthouse located on Sandy Cape, the most northern point on Fraser Island, Queensland, Australia.	Sandy Cape Light	Australia
country	Dar Kulaib (Arabic: دار كليب‎) is a village situated in the western side of the Kingdom of Bahrain.	Dar Kulaib	Bahrain
country	Tláhuac is one of the 16 delegaciones (boroughs) into which Mexico's Federal District is divided.	Tláhuac	Mexico
country	The Port of Melbourne Corporation (PoMC) is a statutory body established by the Victorian Government to develop and manage the Port of Melbourne, Australia's busiest container port.	Port of Melbourne Corporation	Australia
country	The Honnuhole River (also Honnu Holae and Suvarnavathi ಹೊನ್ನುಹೊಳೆ ನದಿ) is a tributary of the Kaveri River in Karnataka, India.	Honnuhole	India
country	Bajawa Airport or Pahdamaleda Airport is an airport in Bajawa,Flores, Indonesia.	Pahdamaleda Airport	Indonesia
country	Srednji Salaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Средњи Салаш) is a village in Serbia.	Srednji Salaš	Serbia
country	The Transportpolizei (German for ``Transport Police'') was the transit police of the German Democratic Republic (East Germany), whose officers were commonly nicknamed TraPos.	Transportpolizei	East Germany
country	Den Hoppenhof is a former restaurant in Geldrop in the Netherlands.	Den Hoppenhof	Netherlands
country	Darsalam, Gnagna is a town in the Coalla Department of Gnagna Province in eastern Burkina Faso.	Darsalam, Gnagna	Burkina Faso
country	Saikhan-Ovoo (Mongolian: Сайхан-Овоо) is an urban-type settlement or village (Mongolian: тосгон) in Saikhan sum (district) of Bulgan Province in northern Mongolia.	Saikhan-Ovoo	Mongolia
country	Caucete is a city in the province of San Juan, Argentina, located 25 km southeast of the provincial capital, on the junction of National Routes 20 and 141.	Caucete	Argentina
country	The Col d'Agnes was first used in the Tour de France in 1988, since when it has featured five times, most recently in 2011, when the leader over the summit was Sylvain Chavanel.	Col d'Agnes	France
country	Palais d'Hiver (English: ``Winter Palace'') was a music hall located in Lyon, France.	Palais d'Hiver	France
country	The Mokra Gora mine is one of the largest nickel mines in Serbia.	Mokra Gora mine	Serbia
country	The Palace of the Soviets (Russian: Дворец Советов, Dvorets Sovetov) was a project to construct an administrative center and a congress hall in Moscow, Russia, near the Kremlin, on the site of the demolished Cathedral of Christ the Saviour.	Palace of the Soviets	Russia
country	Gerakan Mansuhkan PPSMI (GMP) is a coalition of 40 NGOs and political parties in Malaysia, which campaigns to abolish Pengajaran dan Pembelajaran Sains dan Matematik Dalam Bahasa Inggeris (PPSMI) in Malaysia education policy.	Gerakan Mansuhkan PPSMI	Malaysia
country	Sar Daq (Persian: سردق‎; also known as Zardak) is a village in Sar Daq Rural District, Yunesi District, Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Daq	Iran
country	Spišský Hrhov is a municipality and village in the Spiš region of Slovakia, between Levoča and Spišské Podhradie in Levoča District.	Spišský Hrhov	Slovakia
country	Ponova Vas (pronounced (pɔˈnɔːʋa ˈʋaːs) or (pɔˈnoːʋa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Ponova vas, German: Pöndorf) is a village southwest of Grosuplje in central Slovenia.	Ponova Vas	Slovenia
country	Wattana Wittaya Academy (W.W.A; Thai: โรงเรียนวัฒนาวิทยาลัย; rtgs: Watthana Witthayalai) is Thailand's first boarding school for girls.	Wattana Wittaya Academy	Thailand
country	Miwa Dam (Japanese: 美和ダム) is a dam in the Nagano Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1959.	Miwa Dam	Japan
country	Mecca Normal is a two-piece indie rock band from Vancouver, Canada, formed by Jean Smith and David Lester in 1984.	Mecca Normal	Canada
country	Fiszty (ˈfiʂtɨ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Biecz, within Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Fiszty	Poland
country	The Gulf of Varna (Bulgarian: Варненски залив, Varnenski zaliv) is a gulf on Bulgaria's Black Sea coast.	Gulf of Varna	Bulgaria
country	Chamlar (Persian: چملر‎) is a village in Heyran Rural District, in the Central District of Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chamlar	Iran
country	Bispebjerg Cemetery (Danish: Bispebjerg Kirkegård), established in 1903 on the moderately graded north slope of Bispebjerg Hill, is the youngest of five municipal cemeteries in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Bispebjerg Cemetery	Denmark
country	Ligota Tworkowska (liˈɡɔta tfɔrˈkɔfska) (German Ellguth Tworkau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomia, within Wodzisław County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ligota Tworkowska	Poland
country	Seľany (Hungarian: Szelény) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Seľany	Slovakia
country	Leirbotn Church (Norwegian: Leirbotn kirke) is a parish church in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Leirbotn Church	Norway
country	Concepción Tutuapa (Spanish pronunciation: (konsepˈsjon tuˈtwapa)) is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala.	Concepción Tutuapa	Guatemala
country	The Lakihegy Tower is a 314-metre-high (1,031 ft) radio mast at Szigetszentmiklós-Lakihegy in Hungary.	Lakihegy Tower	Hungary
country	Polski Trambesh (Bulgarian: Полски Тръмбеш (ˈpɔlski trəmˈbɛʃ)) is a town in central northern Bulgaria, part of Veliko Tarnovo Province.	Polski Trambesh	Bulgaria
country	Rugabano is a sector (umurenge) in Karongi district, in Western Province, Rwanda.	Rugabano	Rwanda
country	Ouarkoye is a town approximately 200 kilometres (120 mi) west of Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.	Ouarkoye	Burkina Faso
country	Gimnasio Miguel Hidalgo is a 4,000-seat indoor arena located in the city of Puebla, Mexico.	Gimnasio Miguel Hidalgo	Mexico
country	Tell Qasile is an archaeological site in Tel Aviv, Israel.	Tell Qasile	Israel
country	Krševac (Cyrillic: Кршевац) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krševac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Loft Theatre Company is a troupe of actors based in Royal Leamington Spa, United Kingdom, founded in 1922.	Loft Theatre Company	United Kingdom
country	Fəxralı (also, Fakhraly) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fəxralı	Azerbaijan
country	Birla Institute of Technology International Centre (BITIC), Bahrain (Arabic: مركز معهد بيرلا العالمي للتكنولوجيا، البحرين‎) is the first international centre of Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi, India, an Indian University for technical and management education.	Birla Institute of Technology International Centre	Bahrain
country	Torella del Sannio is a town and comune in the province of Campobasso (Molise, Italy).	Torella del Sannio	Italy
country	Nagarhole National Park (also known as Rajiv Gandhi National Park), is a national park located in Kodagu district and Mysore district in Karnataka state in South India.	Nagarhole National Park	India
country	Unorganized North Nipissing District is an unorganized area in northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Unorganized North Nipissing District	Canada
country	Cetingrad is a municipality in Karlovac County, Croatia near Croatia's border with Bosnia.	Cetingrad	Croatia
country	Tsvitkove (Ukrainian: Цвіткове) is an urban-type settlement located in the Horodysche Raion (district) of Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine.	Tsvitkove	Ukraine
country	The Kingston, Ontario Inner Harbour is situated at the south end of the Cataraqui River northeast of the downtown core of Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Kingston, Ontario Inner Harbour	Canada
country	Kirindy Forest or Kirindy Private Reserve is a private park situated in the western Madagascar, 50km northeast of the town of Morondava.	Kirindy Forest	Madagascar
country	Hrabrino (Bulgarian: Храбрино) is a village in the Rodopi Municipality, Plovdiv Province in southern Bulgaria.	Hrabrino	Bulgaria
country	The Lechtal Alps (German: Lechtaler Alpen) are a mountain-range in western Austria, and part of the greater Northern Limestone Alps range.	Lechtal Alps	Austria
country	Høgafjellet is a mountain on the island of Osterøy in Hordaland county, Norway.	Høgafjellet	Norway
country	Sivasarak (Persian: سيوسرك‎, also Romanized as Sīvasarak) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sivasarak	Iran
country	Malayer (Persian: Malāyer‎‎, ; formerly Dowlatabad (Persian: Doulatābād), also Romanized as Dowlatābād and Daūlatābād) is a city in and capital of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Malayer	Iran
country	31st U-boat Flotilla (``31. Unterseebootsflottille'') was a training flotilla (``Ausbildungsflottille'') of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II. The flotilla was formed in Hamburg in September 1943 under the command of Kapitän zur See Bruno Mahn.	31st U-boat Flotilla	Germany
country	Yeshivat Ma'ale Gilboa (Hebrew: ישיבת מעלה גלבוע ) is a Shiluv Yeshiva located on Kibbutz Ma'ale Gilboa in Israel's Gilboa Mountains.	Yeshivat Ma'ale Gilboa	Israel
country	In 2000, EMAP launched Kerrang! as a digital radio station, across the United Kingdom.	Kerrang!	United Kingdom
country	Dharmasthala Temple(Tulu:ಶ್ರೀ ಕ್ಷೇತ್ರ ಧರ್ಮಸ್ಥಳ) (Sanskrit: क्षेत्र धर्मस्थल Kṣētra Dharmasthala) is an 800-year-old religious institution in the temple town of Dharmasthala in Dakshina Kannada, Karnataka, India.	Dharmasthala Temple	India
country	Bandar Deylam (Persian: بندرديلم‎‎; also Romanized as Bandar-e Deylam and Bandar Dīlam; also known as Bandar-e Delam; also known simply as Deylam or Dīlam) is a port city in and capital of Deylam County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Bandar Deylam	Iran
country	The Old Cathedral of Coimbra (Portuguese: Sé Velha de Coimbra) is a Romanesque Roman Catholic building in Portugal.	Old Cathedral of Coimbra	Portugal
country	Sittard-Geleen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌsɪtɑrt xəˈleːn); Limburgish: Zittert-Gelaen) is a municipality in the southeastern Netherlands.	Sittard-Geleen	Netherlands
country	Žabjek v Podbočju (pronounced (ˈʒaːbjɛk ʍ pɔdˈboːtʃju)) is a village on the right bank of the Krka River southwest of Podbočje in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Žabjek v Podbočju	Slovenia
country	Ryesgade is a street straddling the border of the Nørrebro and Østerbro districts of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ryesgade	Denmark
country	The Free State of Oldenburg (German: Freistaat Oldenburg) was a state of the Weimar Republic.	Free State of Oldenburg	Weimar Republic
country	Suio is a frazione (rural borough) of Castelforte, a municipality in southern Latium, central Italy.	Suio	Italy
country	Tramore (/trəˈmoʊr/; Irish: Trá Mhór, meaning ``big strand/beach'') is a seaside town in County Waterford on the southeast coast of Ireland.	Tramore	Ireland
country	Canela Preta Biological Reserve is a biological reserve in Brazil.	Canela Preta Biological Reserve	Brazil
country	The Kizimkazi Mosque is a mosque situated on the southern tip of the island of Zanzibar in Tanzania and is one of the oldest Islamic buildings on the East African coast.	Kizimkazi Mosque	Tanzania
country	Hingurakgoda Airport (Sinhalese: හිඟුරක්ගොඩ ගුවන්තොටුපළ, IATA: HIM, ICAO: VCCH), also known as Minneriya Airport, is a domestic airport in Hingurakgoda, Sri Lanka.	Hingurakgoda Airport	Sri Lanka
country	RWTH Aachen University (German pronunciation: (ɛʀveːteːhaː ˈʔaːxən)) or Rheinisch-Westfälische Technische Hochschule Aachen is a research university of technology located in Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	RWTH Aachen University	Germany
country	Przeradowo (pʂɛraˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szelków, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przeradowo	Poland
country	Danebank Anglican School for Girls (commonly referred to as Danebank) is an independent, Anglican, day school for girls, located in Hurstville, a southern suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Danebank	Australia
country	Anlauter is a river of Bavaria, Germany.	Anlauter	Germany
country	The Delhi Metro is a metro system serving Delhi and its satellite cities of Faridabad, Gurgaon, Noida and Ghaziabad in National Capital Region in India.	Delhi Metro	India
country	Sulmona (Latin: Sulmo; Greek: Σουλμῶν, Soulmōn) is a city and comune of the province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo, Italy, with 24,854 inhabitants.	Sulmona	Italy
country	Tadjenanet District (Arabic: تاجنانت), formerly called Saint-Donat, is a town in eastern Algeria, belonging to the wilaya of Mila and home to 55 000 inhabitants.	Tadjenanet District	Algeria
country	Sannarpsgymnasiet is a Swedish high school based in Halmstad, Sweden.	Sannarpsgymnasiet	Sweden
country	Radom National Park (alternate Al-Radom Reserve) is a biosphere reserve in South Darfur, Sudan, Africa.	Radom National Park	Sudan
country	Číčov (Hungarian: Csicsó, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃitʃoː)) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Číčov	Slovakia
country	Hullo is a village on the fourth largest island of Estonia, Vormsi, in Lääne County, Estonia.	Hullo	Estonia
country	PJSC Kazanorgsintez (MCX: KZOS) is one of Russia's largest chemical companies and the country's largest polyethylene producer.	Kazanorgsintez	Russia
country	The Düben Heath Nature Park (German: Naturpark Dübener Heide), which covers large areas of the eponymous Düben Heath, was the first nature park in Germany that resulted from a citizen's initiative and not from a government office.	Düben Heath Nature Park	Germany
country	Nowa Ukta (ˈnɔva ˈukta) (German: Neu Ukta) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Ukta	Poland
country	Pico de las Nieves is the highest peak of the island of Gran Canaria, Canary Islands, Spain.	Pico de las Nieves	Spain
country	Åbo Akademi University (Swedish: Åbo Akademi Swedish pronunciation: (ˈoːbu akadeˈmiː)) is the only exclusively Swedish language university in Finland.	Åbo Akademi University	Finland
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Aqa (Persian: مزرعه حاجي اقا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājjī Āqā) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Aqa	Iran
country	The Woodford Folk Festival is an annual music and cultural festival held near the semi-rural town of Woodford, 72 km north of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Woodford Folk Festival	Australia
country	Dagoretti High School is a high school in the Dagoretti area of Nairobi county, Kenya.	Dagoretti High School	Kenya
country	The Mechi River is a trans-boundary river flowing through Nepal and India.	Mechi River	India
country	Kirkenes Church (Norwegian: Kirkenes kirke) is the main parish church in Sør-Varanger Municipality, Finnmark county, Norway, ecclesiastically a part of the Sør-Varanger parish in the Varanger deanery of the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.	Kirkenes Church	Norway
country	Kounoupidiana is a village in Crete, Greece, part of the municipal unit of Akrotiri.	Kounoupidiana	Greece
country	Wall Falls is a 4 metre high complex ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Wall Falls	Canada
country	Munyaroo Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia, located on the east coast of the Eyre Peninsula, about 36 kilometres (22 mi) south south-west of Whyalla and 35 kilometres (22 mi) east north-east of Cowell.	Munyaroo Conservation Park	Australia
country	Mazraeh-ye Charam Sefid (Persian: مزرعه چرم سفيد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Charam Sefīd) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Charam Sefid	Iran
country	Šentpavel pri Domžalah (pronounced (ʃɛntˈpaːʋəl pɾi dɔmˈʒaːlax) or (ʃəntˈpaːʋəl pɾi dɔmˈʒaːlax); German: Sankt Paul) is a small settlement south of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Šentpavel pri Domžalah	Slovenia
country	Lubominek (lubɔˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lubominek	Poland
country	East Sumba Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Sumba Timur) is one of the four regencies which divide the island of Sumba, East Nusa Tenggara Province, Indonesia.	East Sumba Regency	Indonesia
country	Fraine is a comune and town in the province of Chieti, Abruzzo, central Italy.	Fraine	Italy
country	Saemangeum is an estuarine tidal flat on the coast of the Yellow Sea in South Korea.	Saemangeum	South Korea
country	Musikkens Hus (House of Music) is a venue in Aalborg, Denmark.	Musikkens Hus	Denmark
country	Kendell Airlines was a regional airline in Australia, at times the largest in the country.	Kendell Airlines	Australia
country	Kaveh-ye Vosta (Persian: كاوه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Kāveh-ye Vosţá; and Deh-e Vosţá) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kaveh-ye Vosta	Iran
country	Fortress Pass (70°28′03``N 70°49′50''W) is a mountain pass in the central Baffin Mountains, Nunavut, Canada.	Fortress Pass	Canada
country	West Bali National Park (Indonesian: Taman Nasional Bali Barat) is a national park located in Buleleng Regency, Bali, Indonesia.	West Bali National Park	Indonesia
country	The Cologne Public Library (German: StadtBibliothek Köln) is among the biggest and most important public libraries in Germany.	Cologne Public Library	Germany
country	TER Limousin is the regional rail network serving Limousin région, France.	TER Limousin	France
country	The Gosau Group is a geological Stratigraphic Group in Lower Austria whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.	Gosau Group	Austria
country	Starocherkasskaya (Russian: Старочерка́сская), formerly Cherkassk (Черка́сск), is a rural locality (a stanitsa) in Aksaysky District of Rostov Oblast, Russia, with origins dating from the late 16th century.	Starocherkasskaya	Russia
country	Ramsgate Airport was a civil airfield at Ramsgate, Kent, United Kingdom which opened in July 1935.	Ramsgate Airport	United Kingdom
country	Worowice-Wyroby (vɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ vɨˈrɔbɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Worowice-Wyroby	Poland
country	Großalmerode (or Grossalmerode) is a town in the Werra-Meißner-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.	Großalmerode	Germany
country	Bigeh (Arabic: بجح‎; Ancient Egyptian Senem,) is an island and archaeological site situated along the Nile River in historic Nubia, and within the Aswan Governorate of southern Egypt.	Bigeh	Egypt
country	Bergambacht (Dutch pronunciation: (bɛrxˈʔɑmbɑxt)) is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Bergambacht	Netherlands
country	Bumaga Island is an island in both the Wessel Islands group and the Cunningham Islands group in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Bumaga Island	Australia
country	The Geoff Christian Medal, commonly referred to as the Christian Medal, is an Australian rules football award given to the best player in the Australian Football League (AFL) from one of the two teams based in Western Australia, the Fremantle Football Club and the West Coast Eagles.	Geoff Christian Medal	Australia
country	Sowiny (sɔˈvinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanowo, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sowiny	Poland
country	Seborga is a small town in the region of Liguria in northwest Italy, near the French border.	Seborga	Italy
country	In France, the Conseil supérieur de la propriété littéraire et artistique (Superior Council of Artistic and Literary Property) (CSPLA) is an independent advisory body to advise the Minister of Culture and Communication in the field of literary and artistic property.	Conseil supérieur de la propriété littéraire et artistique	France
country	Dhalwo is a border town in the central Galguduud region of Somalia.	Dhalwo	Somalia
country	Siena Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Siena) is a medieval church in Siena, Italy, dedicated from its earliest days as a Roman Catholic Marian church, and now dedicated to Santa Maria Assunta (Holy Mary, Our Lady of the Assumption).	Siena Cathedral	Italy
country	The Donauinsel (Danube Island) is a long, narrow island in central Vienna, Austria, lying between the Danube river and the parallel excavated channel Neue Donau (``New Danube'').	Donauinsel	Austria
country	Contamana is a town in the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru.	Contamana	Peru
country	Kretki Małe (ˈkrɛtki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kretki Małe	Poland
country	National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) is a fashion institute in India.	National Institute of Fashion Technology	India
country	Scandinavian Tower was a proposed skyscraper in Malmö, Sweden.	Scandinavian Tower	Sweden
country	Vaj (Persian: وج‎; also known as Wajeh) is a village in Tudeshk Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vaj	Iran
country	Zrmanja (pronounced (zř̩maɲa)) is a river in southern Lika and northern Dalmatia, Croatia.	Zrmanja	Croatia
country	Borikham, also Muang Borikham, Borikhane, Bolikham, Bolikhan or Muang Borikan, is a river town in Bolikhamsai Province, in western Laos.	Borikham	Laos
country	Nueva Germania (New Germania) is a district of San Pedro Department in Paraguay.	Nueva Germania	Paraguay
country	Gislaved Municipality (Gislaveds kommun) is a municipality in Jönköping County in southern Sweden, with its seat located in the town Gislaved.	Gislaved Municipality	Sweden
country	The Philippine Normal University (PNU) is a public research university in Manila, Philippines established during the early days of American colonial rule.	Philippine Normal University	Philippines
country	Komárany (Hungarian: Alsókomaróc) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Komárany	Slovakia
country	Riharjevec (pronounced (ˈɾiːxaɾjɛʋəts)) is a settlement in the hills just south of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Riharjevec	Slovenia
country	Snelshall Priory was a Benedictine priory in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire in the United Kingdom, built around 1200.	Snelshall Priory	United Kingdom
country	Horslunde is a village on the island of Lolland in south-eastern Denmark.	Horslunde	Denmark
country	Periamet (Tamil: பெரியமேடு), is a developed residential, commercial area in Central Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India	Periamet	India
country	Neustadt bei Coburg (also written Neustadt b. Coburg) is a town in the district of Coburg in northern Bavaria, Germany.	Neustadt bei Coburg	Germany
country	Sassnitz Wildlife Park is the only park of its kind on Germany's largest island.	Sassnitz Wildlife Park	Germany
country	A section of the Mergellina quarter of Naples, Italy, so-called for the presence of the Church of the Madonna of Piedigrotta near the entrance to an ancient Roman tunnel.	Piedigrotta	Italy
country	Cimanes de la Vega (Spanish pronunciation: (θiˈmanez ðe la ˈβeɣa)) is the most southerly municipality in the province of León, northern Spain.	Cimanes de la Vega	Spain
country	The Tamaki River or Tamaki Estuary is mostly an estuarial arm and harbour of the Hauraki Gulf, within the city of Auckland in New Zealand.	Tamaki River	New Zealand
country	Schocken Department Stores (Kaufhaus Schocken) was a chain of department stores in Germany before World War II. The company was found by Simon Schocken (1874--1929) and Salman Schocken (1877--1959).	Schocken Department Stores	Germany
country	Entrevías is a neighborhood in the district of Puente de Vallecas in the southeastern portion of Madrid, Spain.	Entrevías	Spain
country	Chiang Mai Main Line is the second longest railway line in Thailand, after Su-ngai Kolok Main Line.	Chiang Mai Main Line	Thailand
country	Tortolì Airport, also known as Tortolì-Arbatax airport (IATA: TTB, ICAO: LIET) is a regional airport, located in the Province of Ogliastra, in central east of Sardinia, Italy.	Tortolì Airport	Italy
country	Chevella is a mandal in the Rangareddi district, state of Telangana, India.	Chevella	India
country	The Pansipit River is a short river located in the Batangas province of the Philippines.	Pansipit River	Philippines
country	'Ayim is a settlement in Ras al-Khaimah, United Arab Emirates.	'Ayim	United Arab Emirates
country	The Canadian Aviation Heritage Centre (French: Centre canadien du patrimoine aéronautique) is an aviation museum located in Sainte-Anne-de-Bellevue, Quebec, Canada.	Canadian Aviation Heritage Centre	Canada
country	Sam Ratulangi University (Indonesian: Universitas Sam Ratulangi, abbreviated as UNSRAT) is a state university in Manado, North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Sam Ratulangi University	Indonesia
country	The Riga Hydroelectric Power Plant Crossing Pylon is an overhead powerline crossing of the Daugava River, near Salaspils in the Latvia.	Riga Hydroelectric Power Plant Crossing Pylon	Latvia
country	After the collapse of the Soviet Union, many OKBs became Scientific Production Organizations (Научно-производственное объединение) abbreviated to NPO.	OKB	Soviet Union
country	Rif Dimashq Governorate (Arabic: محافظة ريف دمشق‎ Muḥāfaẓat Rīf Dimashq, literally, the ``Governorate of the Countryside of Damascus'') is one of the 14 governorates of Syria.	Rif Dimashq Governorate	Syria
country	Dam-e Abbas Chicken Company (Persian: مرغ كش دم عباس‎ -- Morgh-e Kaseh-ye Dam-e ʿAbbās) is a village and company town in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dam-e Abbas Chicken Company	Iran
country	Dania Park, also known as Daniaparken, is located on the Bo01 district in Malmö, Sweden and was designed by architects Thorbjörn Andersson and PeGe Hillinge of SWECO FFS Architects in 1999.	Dania Park	Sweden
country	Maymarabad (Urdu: معمار آباد ‎) is one of the neighbourhoods of Gadap Town in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Maymarabad	Pakistan
country	Abd ol Manaf (Persian: عبدالمناف‎, also Romanized as ``Abd ol Manāf) is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 52, in 16 families.	Abd ol Manaf	Iran
country	Chundikuli Girls' College (CGC) is a girls private school in Jaffna, Sri Lanka.	Chundikuli Girls' College	Sri Lanka
country	The Estadi Nacional is a stadium located in Andorra la Vella.	Estadi Nacional	Andorra
country	The 1976 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of National Olympic Committees ranked by the number of medals won during the 1976 Summer Olympics, held in Montreal, Canada, from July 17 to August 1, 1976.	1976 Summer Olympics medal table	Canada
country	Nərimanov (formerly Abbasbeyli) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Nərimanov	Azerbaijan
country	West Vancouver is a district municipality in the province of British Columbia, Canada.	West Vancouver	Canada
country	Sipitang is a town, district and also a parliamentary constituency located in the Interior Division of Sabah, east Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Sipitang	Malaysia
country	The National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement was instituted in 1996 and is awarded by the Department of Women & Child Development, Govt. of India to children between ages 4 to 15 with exceptional abilities.	National Child Award for Exceptional Achievement	India
country	Diving at the Friendship Games took place in Budapest, Hungary between 16 and 19 August 1984.	Diving at the Friendship Games	Hungary
country	Aksaray Province (Turkish: Aksaray ili) is a province in central Turkey.	Aksaray Province	Turkey
country	The University of Béjaïa (French: Université Abderrahmane Mira or Université de Béjaïa, Kabyle: Tasdawit n'Bgayet/ⵝⴰⵚⴷⴰⵯⵉⵝ ⵏ ⴱⴴⴰⵢⵝ) is a university in Béjaïa, Algeria.	University of Béjaïa	Algeria
country	Foini (Greek: Φοινι, sometimes also spelled Phini), is a village in the Troödos Mountains of Cyprus.	Foini	Cyprus
country	Bulevardul Magheru is the most expensive commercial street in the Romania and 55th in the world according to Cushman & Wakefield.	Bulevardul Magheru	Romania
country	Binczarowa (bʲint͡ʂaˈrɔva) (Rusyn: Білцарьова, Biltsariova; Ukrainian: Більцарева, Bil’tsareva) is a village in southern Poland.	Binczarowa	Poland
country	The Chimei Museum (Chinese: 奇美博物館; pinyin: Qíměi Bówùguǎn) is a private museum established in 1992 by the Chi Mei Corporation in Rende District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Chimei Museum	Taiwan
country	Sodišinci (Hungarian: Birószék, old Prekmurje dialect name: Sudešinci, German: Sodersdorf, or Sodiftza) is a village in the Municipality of Tišina in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Sodišinci	Slovenia
country	KwaDukuza (also known as Stanger) is a town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	KwaDukuza	South Africa
country	The Presidency of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner began on December 10, 2007, when she became President of Argentina.	Presidency of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner	Argentina
country	Bojići (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојићи) is a village in the municipality of Kalinovik, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bojići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Kisielice (kʲiɕɛˈlʲit͡sɛ) (German: Freystadt in Westpreussen) is a town in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,222 inhabitants (2004).	Kisielice	Poland
country	The Baden-Württemberg Cooperative State University (German: Duale Hochschule Baden-Württemberg, DHBW) is an institution of higher education with several campuses throughout the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Baden-Württemberg Cooperative State University	Germany
country	Qalayen (Persian: قلاين‎, also Romanized as Qalāyen; also known as Kaleh Yan and Qal``eh Yan) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 211, in 39 families.	Qalayen	Iran
country	Sandvik Church (Norwegian: Sandvikskirken) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Sandvik Church	Norway
country	The Sendeturm Jauerling (Jauerling Transmission Tower) is a tower for directional radio services, FM and TV broadcasting on the Jauerling mountain in Austria.	Sendeturm Jauerling	Austria
country	Għar ix-Xiħ (English: Cave of the Old Man or Cave of the Sheikh) is a former cave found near Mġarr ix-Xini, Gozo, Malta.	Għar ix-Xiħ	Malta
country	Arnuero (Arnueru in Cantabrian) is a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Cantabria, northern Spain.	Arnuero	Spain
country	The Euphrasian Basilica (Croatian: Eufrazijeva bazilika, Italian: Basilica Eufrasiana) or the Cathedral Basilica of the Assumption of Mary is a basilica in Poreč, Croatia.	Euphrasian Basilica	Croatia
country	Wólka Bachańska (ˈvulka baˈxaɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Bachańska	Poland
country	Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences (SKUMS) is a university in Shahrekord, the capital of the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province of Iran.	Shahrekord University of Medical Sciences	Iran
country	Wilwerwiltz (Luxembourgish: Wëlwerwolz) is a village in the commune of Kiischpelt, in northern Luxembourg.	Wilwerwiltz	Luxembourg
country	Ghazipur (Hindi: ग़ाज़ीपुर, Urdu: غازیپور‎, previously spelled Ghazeepore, Gauspur, and Ghazipour), is a city and municipal corporation in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ghazipur	India
country	The Carbuncle is a small island, with an area of 1.91 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	The Carbuncle	Australia
country	Tegher Monastery (Armenian: Տեղեր or Տեղերի Վանք; also Tegheri Vank) is an early 13th-century Armenian monastery and church located on the southeastern slopes of Mount Aragats near the modern village of Tegher, and across the gorge from the village of Byurakan in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Tegher Monastery	Armenia
country	Lumparn (fi. Lumpari) is a large bay devoid of islands in the Main Island of Åland, Finland, bordered by Sund to the north, Lumparland to the east, Lemland to the south and Jomala to the west.	Lumparn	Finland
country	Kuchanpally a village in Medak mandal of Medak district, Telangana State, India.	Kuchanpally	India
country	Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim is a road located in Boon Lay, Singapore.	Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim	Singapore
country	Habo is a locality and the seat of Habo Municipality, Jönköping County, Sweden with 6,883 inhabitants in 2010.	Habo	Sweden
country	The Fremont Theater is a historic movie theater in San Luis Obispo, California in the United States of America.	Fremont Theater	United States of America
country	Padagi (Yeke Goon) (Persian: پدگی‎) is a village in Nosratabad Rural District, in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Padagi (Yeke Goon)	Iran
country	FK Radnički Obrenovac (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Раднички Обреновац) is a professional football club from Obrenovac, Serbia.	FK Radnički Obrenovac	Serbia
country	Kul Tak Durak (Persian: كول تاك دورك‎, also Romanized as Kūl Tāḵ Dūraḵ) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kul Tak Durak	Iran
country	Deh Sabz District is situated northeast of Kabul City in Afghanistan.	Deh Sabz District	Afghanistan
country	As of 2001 India census, Thayal Eniyadi had a population of 500+.	Thayal Eniyadi	India
country	Nikodemów (nikɔˈdɛmuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nikodemów	Poland
country	Patrickswell, historically known as Toberpatrick (Irish: Tobar Phádraig), is a small town in County Limerick, Ireland.	Patrickswell	Ireland
country	Ornolac-Ussat-les-Bains (Occitan Ornolac e Ussat) is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.	Ornolac-Ussat-les-Bains	France
country	Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi (Persian: احمدابادمستوفي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Mostowfī) is a City in the Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi District of Eslamshahr County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Mostowfi	Iran
country	Sugar Beach is an urban beach park in Toronto, Canada, that opened in 2010.	Sugar Beach	Canada
country	Divuma is a town in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, near the border with Zambia.	Divuma	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	The 1835 Concepción earthquake occurred near the neighboring cities of Concepción and Talcahuano in Chile on February 20 at 11:30 local time (15:30 UTC) and has an estimated magnitude of 8.2 Mfa or 8.1 Ml. The earthquake triggered a tsunami which caused the destruction of Talcahuano.	1835 Concepción earthquake	Chile
country	Sumkar District is a district in the north of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea.	Sumkar District	Papua New Guinea
country	Siglé is a town in the Siglé Department of Boulkiemdé Province in central western Burkina Faso.	Siglé	Burkina Faso
country	Żebbuġ (Maltese: Ħaż-Żebbuġ) (ħazˈzɛbbʊtʃ), also known by its title Città Rohan, is a city in the Southern Region of Malta.	Żebbuġ	Malta
country	Zawisty-Wity (zaˈvistɨ ˈvitɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zawisty-Wity	Poland
country	Poshti (Persian: پشتي‎, also Romanized as Poshtī) is a village in Zarabad-e Sharqi Rural District, Zarabad District, Konarak County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Poshti	Iran
country	Bom Conselho (``Good Advice'') is a city in northeastern Brazil, in the state of Pernambuco.	Bom Conselho	Brazil
country	Bastamlu (Persian: بسطاملو‎, also Romanized as Basţāmlū) is a village in Bastamlu Rural District, in the Central District of Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bastamlu	Iran
country	Paramount Airlines is an aviation company in Sierra Leone that used to provide a helicopter service between the capital, Freetown, and Lungi International Airport as well as other cities within the country.	Paramount Airlines	Sierra Leone
country	Eshkardasht (Persian: اشكاردشت‎, also Romanized as Eshkārdasht) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Eshkardasht	Iran
country	Morriscastle is a coastal village that is situated 2 km from Kilmuckridge village in County Wexford, Ireland.	Morriscastle	Ireland
country	Urdz was a district and family of the old Armenia c. 400-800.	Urdz	Armenia
country	Telšiai District Municipality (Samogitian: Telšiū rajuons) is one of 60 municipalities in Lithuania, containing the city of Telšiai.	Telšiai District Municipality	Lithuania
country	Sidimo (Somali: Siidimo), alternatively Siidamo, is a town in the southwestern Gedo region of Somalia.	Sidimo	Somalia
country	Bodenseekreis (``Lake Constance district'') is a district (Kreis) in the south-east of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Bodenseekreis	Germany
country	Kufr 'Awan (كفرعوان in Arabic) is a village of Kourah Department, Irbid Governorate, Jordan.	Kufr 'Awan	Jordan
country	Khazar-e Seh (Persian: خزرسه‎, also Romanized as Khaẕar-e Seh and Kheẕer-e Seh) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khazar-e Seh	Iran
country	Sypniewko-Folwark (sɨpˈɲefkɔ ˈfɔlvark) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sypniewko-Folwark	Poland
country	Kehlen (Luxembourgish: Kielen) is a commune and town in western Luxembourg.	Kehlen	Luxembourg
country	Bernardówka (bɛrnarˈdufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kartuzy, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bernardówka	Poland
country	Sultan Mahmud Airport (IATA: TGG, ICAO: WMKN) is an airport that serves Kuala Terengganu, a city in the state of Terengganu in Malaysia.	Sultan Mahmud Airport	Malaysia
country	Langar-e Qadim (Persian: لنگرقديم‎, also Romanized as Langar-e Qadīm) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Langar-e Qadim	Iran
country	Razan (Persian: رزن‎‎) is a city in and capital of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Razan	Iran
country	Yoros Castle (Turkish: Yoros kalesi) is a Byzantine ruined castle at the confluence of the Bosphorus and the Black Sea, to the north of Joshua's Hill, in Istanbul, Turkey.	Yoros Castle	Turkey
country	New Amsterdam Public Hospital, in New Amsterdam, Guyana, is outstanding example of timber architecture, and one of the two surviving architectural masterpieces designed by Cesar Castellani, an architect employed in the Public Works Department of British Guiana.	New Amsterdam Public Hospital	Guyana
country	Saint-Romain-Lachalm (Sant Roman in Occitan) is commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.	Saint-Romain-Lachalm	France
country	Central Mount Stuart is a mountain peak situated in the southern Northern Territory, Australia.	Central Mount Stuart	Australia
country	The Endkopf (Italian: Cima Termine; German: Endkopf) is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol, Italy.	Endkopf	Italy
country	Montorfano (meaning ``orphan hill'') is a town and comune in the province of Como, part of Lombardy, in northern Italy.	Montorfano	Italy
country	Bondaholmen is a small island in Kattegat, situated off Trönningenäs in Varberg Municipality, Sweden, between Getterön and Balgö.	Bondaholmen	Sweden
country	Jotsholo, which has often been incorrectly written as Tshotsholo, is a small town in the Lupane district, in the province of Matabeleland North, Zimbabwe.	Jotsholo	Zimbabwe
country	FK Nov Milenium (Macedonian: ФК Нов Милениум) was a football club based in the village Sušica near Strumica, Republic of Macedonia.	FK Nov Milenium	Macedonia
country	Ličko Petrovo Selo (Serbian Cyrillic: Личко Петрово Село) is a village in Lika, Croatia.	Ličko Petrovo Selo	Croatia
country	Mawaramandiya is a small city in the Gampaha District of Sri Lanka.	Mawaramandiya	Sri Lanka
country	Simiareh (Persian: سيمياره‎, also Romanized as Sīmīāreh) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Simiareh	Iran
country	The Ziz Gorges are a series of gorges in Morocco defined by two artificial gates at both their southern and northern ends.	Ziz Gorges	Morocco
country	Club Deportivo Libertad (usually called simply Libertad or Libertad de Sunchales) is a sports club from Argentina, with homebase in the Sunchales city of Santa Fe Province.	Club Deportivo Libertad	Argentina
country	Leiden University (abbreviated as LEI, Dutch: Universiteit Leiden), located in the city of Leiden, is the oldest university in the Netherlands.	Leiden University	Netherlands
country	Zgornji Boč (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈboːtʃ)) is a settlement in the hills above the left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Selnica ob Dravi in northeastern Slovenia.	Zgornji Boč	Slovenia
country	The Gate of Taipei (Chinese: 台北雙子星大樓; pinyin: Táiběi Shuāngzǐxīng Dàlóu) is a supertall skyscraper development in Taipei, Taiwan.	Gate of Taipei	Taiwan
country	Belebey (Russian: Белебе́й; Bashkir: Бәләбәй, Bäläbäy) is a town in the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia, located on the bank of the Usen River, 180 kilometers (110 mi) from Ufa.	Belebey	Russia
country	Gołymin-Południe (ɡɔˈwɨmin pɔˈwudɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gołymin-Południe	Poland
country	The Old Melburnians Athletics Club is a track and field club based in Melbourne, Australia.	Old Melburnians Athletics Club	Australia
country	The Fenelon Falls Gazette was a weekly community newspaper in Fenelon Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Fenelon Falls Gazette	Canada
country	Damot was a medieval kingdom in what is now Ethiopia, and neighbour to the Ethiopian Empire.	Damot	Ethiopia
country	The Pohangina River is a river of the southwestern North Island of New Zealand.	Pohangina River	New Zealand
country	Kenozersky National Park (Russian: Кенозерский национальный парк) is a national park in the north of Russia, located in Kargopolsky and Plesetsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast.	Kenozersky National Park	Russia
country	Rit'i Wasi (Quechua rit'i snow, wasi house ``snow house'', hispanicized spelling Riti Huasi) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high.	Rit'i Wasi	Peru
country	The Monastery of San Juan de los Reyes (English: Monastery of Saint John of the Kings) is a historic monastery in Toledo, Spain, built by the Catholic Monarchs (1477--1504).	San Juan de los Reyes	Spain
country	Telkari (Persian: تلكري‎, also Romanized as Telkarī; also known as Tīlkarī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Telkari	Iran
country	Augst (Swiss German: Augscht) is a municipality in the district of Liestal in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.	Augst	Switzerland
country	San Nicolás de los Arroyos (usually shortened to San Nicolás) is a city in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, on the western shore of the Paraná River, 61 km (38 mi) from Rosario.	San Nicolás de los Arroyos	Argentina
country	The Eissporthalle Gletscher, is a German Icesport arena, which lies in Kupfermühle, near the border between Germany and Denmark.	Eissporthalle Gletscher	Germany
country	Leshnicë e Poshtme (Greek: Κάτω Λεσινίτσα Kato Lesinitsa) is a village in the Vlorë County in Albania, adjacent to the Greek-Albanian borders.	Leshnicë e Poshtme	Albania
country	Hotel Koldingfjord is a hotel and conference centre located on the north side of Kolding Fjord near Kolding, Denmark.	Hotel Koldingfjord	Denmark
country	Jeseník District (Czech: Okres Jeseník) is a district (okres) in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic.	Jeseník District	Czech Republic
country	Lake Pukaki is the largest of three roughly parallel alpine lakes running north-south along the northern edge of the Mackenzie Basin on New Zealand's South Island.	Lake Pukaki	New Zealand
country	The Zuun Mod mine is one of the largest molybdenum mines in Mongolia.	Zuun Mod mine	Mongolia
country	Allas-Bocage is a French commune in the Charente-Maritime department in the Poitou-Charentes region of southwestern France.	Allas-Bocage	France
country	Ožbalt (pronounced (ˈoːʒbalt)) is a village on the left bank of the Drava River in the Municipality of Podvelka in Slovenia.	Ožbalt	Slovenia
country	Biryulyovo Zapadnoye District (Russian: райо́н Бирюлёво За́падное) is a territorial division (a district, or raion) in Southern Administrative Okrug, one of the 125 in the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	Biryulyovo Zapadnoye District	Russia
country	Mazeh Rostami (Persian: مازه رستمي‎, also Romanized as Māzeh Rostamī) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mazeh Rostami	Iran
country	Akhurum (Persian: اخوروم‎, also Romanized as Ākhūrūm) is a village in Hana Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Akhurum	Iran
country	École secondaire participative l'Agora is a public French-language alternative secondary school in Longueuil, Quebec, Canada.	École secondaire participative l'Agora	Canada
country	Gangneung is a city in Gangwon-do, on the east coast of South Korea.	Gangneung	South Korea
country	Diré is a town and commune on the left bank of the Niger River in the Tombouctou Region of Mali.	Diré	Mali
country	Avihayil (Hebrew: אֲבִיחַיִל, lit. Father of strength) is a moshav in central Israel.	Avihayil	Israel
country	Wzdów (vzduf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Haczów, within Brzozów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wzdów	Poland
country	The Minor Basilica of Our Lady of Luján (Spanish: Basílica Menor de Nuestra Señora de Luján) is a Roman Catholic church building in Luján, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Basilica of Our Lady of Luján	Argentina
country	Military Institute of Science and Technology (Bengali: মিলিটারি ইন্সটিটিউট অব সায়েন্স অ্যান্ড টেকনোলজি ) commonly known as MIST is an advanced engineering institution of Bangladesh.	Military Institute of Science and Technology	Bangladesh
country	Posht Gur-e Choqa Maran (Persian: پشتگور چقاماران‎, also Romanized as Posht Gūr-e Choqā Mārān; also known as Posht Kar) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Posht Gur-e Choqa Maran	Iran
country	Hippodrome Waregem (Dutch: Hippodroom van Waregem), located in Waregem, Belgium, is used for horse racing.	Hippodrome Waregem	Belgium
country	San Sebastián Bay is located in the northern coast of Argentina's Tierra del Fuego Province.	San Sebastián Bay	Argentina
country	The 1987 World Club Challenge (also known as the 1987 Foster's World Club Challenge due to sponsorship by brewers, Foster's) was only the second game of its kind to be played between Britain's and Australia's respective domestic rugby league champions.	1987 World Club Challenge	Australia
country	Kaweka Forest Park is in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand.	Kaweka Forest Park	New Zealand
country	Cheshmeh-ye Beglu (Persian: چشمه بگلو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Beglū; also known as Cheshmeh Bakaluee) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Beglu	Iran
country	Vivekanand Hospital and Research Center, first established in 1966, is a prominent hospital in the city of Latur, Maharashtra, India.	Vivekanand Hospital and Research Center	India
country	Omm ol Ejaj (Persian: ام العجاج‎, also Romanized as Omm ol ``Ejāj) is a village in Jazireh-ye Minu Rural District, Minu District, Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 264, in 56 families.	Omm ol Ejaj	Iran
country	Philippine cuisine (Filipino: Lutuing Pilipino or Pagkaing Pilipino) consists of the food, preparation methods, and eating customs found in the Philippines.	Philippine cuisine	Philippines
country	Utne Church (Norwegian: Utne kyrkje) is a parish church in Ullensvang municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Utne Church	Norway
country	Beaufort West (Afrikaans: Beaufort-Wes) is a town in the Western Cape province in South Africa.	Beaufort West	South Africa
country	South Tyneside forms part of the Tyneside conurbation, the sixth largest in the United Kingdom, with a geographical area of 64.43 km2 (24.88 sq mi) and an estimated population of 153,700 (Mid-year 2010), measured at the 2011 Census as 148,127.	South Tyneside	United Kingdom
country	Tolderol Game Reserve is a protected area on the north-western side of Lake Alexandrina in South Australia about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south-east of Langhorne Creek.	Tolderol Game Reserve	Australia
country	The Buenos Aires Midland Railway (BAM) was a British-owned railway company which operated in Argentina, where it was known as Ferrocarril Midland de Buenos Aires.	Buenos Aires Midland Railway	Argentina
country	Fyti (Greek: Φύτη or Φοίτη) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus.	Fyti	Cyprus
country	Nakbe is located in the Mirador Basin, in the Petén region of Guatemala, approximately 13 kilometers south of the largest Maya city of El Mirador.	Nakbe	Guatemala
country	Wells Gray Provincial Park is a large wilderness park located in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Wells Gray Provincial Park	Canada
country	Jincheon Station is a station of the Daegu Subway Line 1 in Jincheon-dong, Dalseo District, Daegu, South Korea.	Jincheon Station	South Korea
country	The Wairau Bar, or Te Pokohiwi, is a 19-hectare (47-acre) gravel bar formed where the Wairau River meets the sea in Cloudy Bay, Marlborough, north-eastern South Island, New Zealand.	Wairau Bar	New Zealand
country	Candu Energy Inc. was created in 2011 when parent company SNC-Lavalin purchased the commercial reactor division of Atomic Energy of Canada Limited (AECL), along with the development and marketing rights to CANDU reactor technology.	Candu Energy Inc.	Canada
country	Aden International Airport is an international airport in Aden, Yemen (IATA: ADE, ICAO: OYAA).	Aden International Airport	Yemen
country	The Great Trigonometrical Survey, a Survey of India initiative to survey the whole land mass of India was started from the measurement of a small section of plain land with Perumbakkam Hill on the southern end by Major Lambton in 1802 CE.	Perumbakkam	India
country	Naqdi Rural District (Persian: دهستان نقدئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Naqdi Rural District	Iran
country	The Sehlabathebe National Park is located in the Maloti Mountains in Qacha's Nek District, Lesotho, and is part of the larger Maloti-Drakensberg World Heritage Site.	Sehlabathebe National Park	Lesotho
country	Parkmore Shopping Centre is a regional shopping centre located in the outer south-eastern suburb of Keysborough in the city of Melbourne, Australia.	Parkmore Shopping Centre	Australia
country	Barlinek (barˈlʲinɛk) (German: Berlinchen) is a small town in Myślibórz County, in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.	Barlinek	Poland
country	The Holy Blossom Temple is a Reform synagogue located at 1950 Bathurst Street in Toronto, Canada.	Holy Blossom Temple	Canada
country	Arzhang Rudbar (Persian: ارژنگ رودبار‎, also Romanized as Arzhang Rūdbār) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Arzhang Rudbar	Iran
country	Chungbuk Science High School (CBSHS) is a special-purpose public school for students aged 15--18, located in the province of Chungcheongbuk-do, South Korea.	Chungbuk Science High School	South Korea
country	The Mackenstedter Distillery produces Mackenstedter Korn in the village of Gross Mackenstedt near Bremen, Germany.	Mackenstedter	Germany
country	Bar Yohai (Hebrew: בַּר יוֹחַאי) is a religious Jewish communal settlement in northern Israel.	Bar Yohai	Israel
country	New Hazelton is a district municipality on Highway 16 in northwest British Columbia, Canada.	New Hazelton	Canada
country	Arsoli is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Rome, central Italy.	Arsoli	Italy
country	Terra Indigena Menkragnoti is an Indigenous Territory created in 1994 in Para (as part of municipalities of Altamira and São Félix do Xingu) and in Mato Grosso (municipalities of Matupá and Peixoto de Azevedo), Brazil.	Terra Indigena Menkragnoti	Brazil
country	Bad Klosterlausnitz is a municipality in the district Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.	Bad Klosterlausnitz	Germany
country	Imja Tse, better known as Island Peak, is a mountain in the Himalayas of eastern Nepal.	Imja Tse	Nepal
country	Fatih Bridge (Turkish: Fatih Köprüsü), aka Bönce Bridge, is a historic Ottoman bridge in Edirne, Turkey.	Fatih Bridge	Turkey
country	Jillye-myeon is a small town located near the city of Gimhae, in the province of Gyeongsang, South Korea.	Jillye-myeon	South Korea
country	Colpo (Kolpoù in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Colpo	France
country	Lubkowice (lupkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Johannisberg) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Gościno, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Lubkowice	Poland
country	Ruta Interbalnearia (which means Inter-resort Route) or Ruta Líber Seregni is a national route of Uruguay.	Ruta Interbalnearia	Uruguay
country	Fazıl (also, Fazil and Fazyl) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Fazıl	Azerbaijan
country	The village of Nzulezo (or Nzulezu) is located near the village of Beyin, roughly 90 kilometers west of Takoradi, in the Jomoro District of the Western Region of Ghana.	Nzulezo	Ghana
country	Teatro de los Insurgentes (English: Theater of the Insurgents) is a theater located on Mexico City's Avenida de los Insurgentes.	Teatro de los Insurgentes	Mexico
country	Safa Khaneh (Persian: صفاخانه‎, also Romanized as Şafā Khāneh) is a village in Safa Khaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Safa Khaneh	Iran
country	The Port of Shantou is a natural river seaport on the coast of the city of Shantou, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Port of Shantou	People's Republic of China
country	Kuklica (Macedonian: Куклица) is a small village near Kratovo, in the Republic of Macedonia.	Kuklica	Macedonia
country	Bogia District is a district in the north-west of Madang Province in Papua New Guinea.	Bogia District	Papua New Guinea
country	The Chiers (Luxembourgish: Kuer, German: Korn) is a river in Luxembourg, Belgium and France.	Chiers	Luxembourg	Belgium	France
country	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Heydar Farman (Persian: قشلاق حاج حيدرفرمان‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Ḩeydar Farmān) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Hajj Heydar Farman	Iran
country	Ferndale Park is located in suburban Chatswood West, 8 km (5 mi) from the centre of Sydney, Australia.	Ferndale Park	Australia
country	Jinhua Railway Station (simplified Chinese: 金华站; traditional Chinese: 金華站; pinyin: Jīnhuá Zhàn), formerly Jinhua West Railway Station, is a railway station on the Shanghai-Kunming railway and the Hangchangkun Passenger Railway located in Zhejiang, People's Republic of China.	Jinhua Railway Station	People's Republic of China
country	Västerbottens Folkblad is a Swedish language newspaper published in Umeå, Sweden.	Västerbottens Folkblad	Sweden
country	Band-e Chenar (Persian: بندچنار‎, also Romanized as Band-e Chenār and Band-i-Chenār) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Khatam County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Band-e Chenar	Iran
country	Ås Abbey (Danish: Ås Kloster; Latin: Asylum) was a Cistercian monastery situated near the mouth of the River Viskan into the Kattegat in Halland, formerly part of Denmark but now in Sweden, near the present hamlet of Åskloster about 14 km north of Varberg, in Varberg Municipality.	Ås Abbey	Sweden
country	Vikramshila Setu is 3rd longest bridge over water in India.	Vikramshila Setu	India
country	Oranmore (Irish: Órán Mór) is a village in County Galway on the outskirts of the city of Galway in the west of Ireland.	Oranmore	Ireland
country	Perssonska gården is a listed building in Hedemora, Dalarna County, Sweden.	Perssonska gården	Sweden
country	Biosis Pty Ltd is an environmental consultancy firm with a proprietary limited structure registered in Australia.	Biosis Pty Ltd	Australia
country	Geoje is a city located in South Gyeongsang province, just off the coast of the port city of Busan, South Korea.	Geoje	South Korea
country	The Foundation of San Diego de Alcalá-Fundación de la Vega del Pozo (Spanish: Fundación de San Diego de Alcalá-Fundación de la Vega del Pozo) is a foundation located in Guadalajara, Spain.	Foundation of San Diego de Alcalá-Fundación de la Vega del Pozo	Spain
country	Paris Games Week, or simply PGW, is a trade fair for video games held annually at the Paris expo Porte de Versailles in Paris, France.	Paris Games Week	France
country	Saint Julian's Tower (Maltese: Torri ta' San Ġiljan), originally known as Torre di San Giuliano and also known as Sliema Tower (Maltese: Torri tas-Sliema), is a small watchtower in Sliema, Malta.	Saint Julian's Tower	Malta
country	Ronglan Station (Norwegian: Ronglan stasjon) is a railway station located in the village of Ronglan in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Ronglan Station	Norway
country	Pampa Calichera (IPSA:CALICHERAA) is a Chile-based investment company .	Calichera	Chile
country	Company Bay is a suburb of Dunedin, New Zealand, located on the Otago Peninsula between Macandrew Bay and Broad Bay.	Company Bay	New Zealand
country	Zverev Bridge (Russian: Зверев мост) is a pedestrian arch bridge that spans Vodootvodny Canal in Zamoskvorechye district of downtown Moscow, Russia.	Zverev Bridge	Russia
country	Neudorf-Weimershof (Luxembourgish: Neiduerf-Weimeschhaff) is a quarter in eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Neudorf-Weimershof	Luxembourg
country	The Aupouri Peninsula is a tombolo at the northern tip of the North Island of New Zealand.	Aupouri Peninsula	New Zealand
country	Arqaneh (Persian: ارقنه‎) is a village in Soluk Rural District, in the Central District of Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Arqaneh	Iran
country	The Middle Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea is a large, coastal district that forms the central area of the Fly River basin.	Middle Fly District	Papua New Guinea
country	The Route des Grandes Alpes is a tourist itinerary through the French Alps between Lake Geneva and the French Riviera passing over all the high passes of the Alps within France.	Route des Grandes Alpes	France
country	The Storting building (Norwegian: Stortingsbygningen) is the seat of the Storting, the parliament of Norway, located in central Oslo.	Storting building	Norway
country	The Manly Town Hall is a landmark civic building in Manly, a suburb of Sydney, Australia.	Manly Town Hall	Australia
country	Zipacón (Spanish pronunciation: (sipaˈkon)) is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Zipacón	Colombia
country	Ratková (Hungarian: Ratkó) is a village and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.	Ratková	Slovakia
country	Bouaflé a city in central Ivory Coast.	Bouaflé	Ivory Coast
country	The Stanovoy Highlands (Russian: Станово́е наго́рье) or Stanovoy Uplands is a mountain range in the Transbaikal region of Siberia, Russia.	Stanovoy Highlands	Russia
country	Holbeinpferd is the colloquial name of the sculpture of a horse (in German: Pferd) in the suburb Wiehre in Freiburg im Breisgau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany which is standing at the corner of Günterstal and Holbein streets.	Holbeinpferd	Germany
country	Vukojevac is a village in the region of Turopolje south of Zagreb, the capital of Croatia.	Vukojevac	Croatia
country	Spodnji Čačič (pronounced (ˈspoːdnji ˈtʃaːtʃitʃ); German: Untertschatschitsch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Spodnji Čačič	Slovenia
country	Tulan (Persian: تولان‎, also Romanized as Tūlān) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tulan	Iran
country	The Château de Nadaillac-de-Rouge is a castle, rebuilt as a Renaissance château, in the commune of Nadaillac-de-Rouge in the Lot département of France.	Château de Nadaillac-de-Rouge	France
country	Suweid Hamira (Arabic: سواعد حميرة‎; Hebrew: סוויעד חמירה‎) is a Bedouin village in northern Israel.	Suweid Hamira	Israel
country	The Turku Ring Road (Finnish: Turun kehätie) or Finnish National Road 40 (Finnish: Kantatie 40) is a ring road of Turku, Finland.	Turku Ring Road	Finland
country	Algámitas is a municipality in the province of Seville, Andalusia, southern Spain.	Algámitas	Spain
country	Boychinovtsi Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Бойчиновци) is a municipality (obshtina) in Montana Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the transition between the Danubian Plain and the area of the so-called Fore-Balkan.	Boychinovtsi Municipality	Bulgaria
country	Diamond of Istanbul is the tallest building under construction in Istanbul, Turkey, being built on the Büyükdere Avenue in the city's Maslak central business district of Şişli.	Diamond of Istanbul	Turkey
country	Télévision Nationale d'Haïti (TNH) is the state television broadcaster of Haiti.	Télévision Nationale d'Haïti	Haiti
country	After Vasco Núñez de Balboa's discovery of the Pacific Ocean, Castilla de Oro's jurisdiction was broadened to include the Pacific coasts of Panama, Costa Rica, and Nicaragua.	Castilla de Oro	Panama	Costa Rica	Nicaragua
country	Tumbafrailes (literally: Friar-Kicker) is a short river in Spain.	Tumbafrailes	Spain
country	Drmeni (Macedonian: Дрмени) is a village in the Resen Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia, north of Lake Prespa.	Drmeni	Macedonia
country	The Ermita de Santa Ana (Chapel of Santa Ana) is located in Chiclana de la Frontera, in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, southwestern Spain.	Ermita de Santa Ana	Spain
country	VadFest (Vadodara International Art and Culture Festival), organized by Art and Cultre Foundation Vadodara under the aegis of Vadodara International Art and Culture Festival Authority, Government of Gujarat and Gujarat Tourism, is an initiative to promote and restore Vadodara as a cultural capital of India.	VadFest	India
country	Mud River railway station is located in the community of Mud River, Ontario, Canada.	Mud River railway station	Canada
country	The Miskolc Subregion (Hungarian: Miskolci kistérség) is a subregion in Northern Hungary.	Miskolc Subregion	Hungary
country	Owzun Qui-ye Yek (Persian: اوزن قوئي يك‎, also Romanized as Owzūn Qū’ī-ye Yek; also known as Owzūn Qū’ī) is a village in Tazeh Kand Rural District, Tazeh Kand District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Owzun Qui-ye Yek	Iran
country	Aburi Botanical Gardens is a botanical garden in Aburi in Eastern region of South Ghana.	Aburi Botanical Gardens	Ghana
country	Kowea Itim le-Tora Synagogue was an Orthodox Jewish synagogue in Kazimierz, Kraków, Poland.	Kowea Itim le-Tora Synagogue	Poland
country	Wiltz Castle (French: Château de Wiltz, German: Schloss Wiltz Luxembourgish: Schlass Wolz), located in Wiltz in the north of Luxembourg, dates back to 1573.	Wiltz Castle	Luxembourg
country	Do Gol Sar (Persian: دوگل سر‎; also known as Do Kal Sarā) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Do Gol Sar	Iran
country	Prosenjakovci (Hungarian: Pártosfalva) is a village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia, close to the border with Hungary.	Prosenjakovci	Slovenia
country	Mücü (also, Myudzhyu) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mücü	Azerbaijan
country	Jeldeh Bakhan (Persian: جلده باخان‎, also Romanized as Jeldeh Bākhān, Jaldeh Bākhān, and Jeldah Bākhān; also known as Jaldo Bakhan) is a village in Molla Yaqub Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jeldeh Bakhan	Iran
country	The Salt mine of Imón (Spanish: Salinas de Imón) is a salt mine located in Sigüenza, Spain.	Salt mine of Imón	Spain
country	Zafarwal Tehsil (Urdu: ظفروال تحصیل‎), headquartered at Zafarwal, is one of the three Tehsils (sub-divisions) of Narowal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Zafarwal Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Koinange Street is a busy street in the city of Nairobi, Kenya.	Koinange Street	Kenya
country	Mareza (Serbian Cyrillic: Мареза) is a river in Montenegro.	Mareza	Montenegro
country	Dashtaki District (Persian: بخش دشتک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dashtaki District	Iran
country	CKVR-DT, virtual channel 3 (VHF digital channel 10), is a CTV Two owned-and-operated television station located in Barrie, Ontario, Canada that serves as the flagship station of the television system.	CKVR-DT	Canada
country	Somogyapáti (Croatian: Opat) is a village in the subregion of Szigetvár, Baranya county, Hungary.	Somogyapáti	Hungary
country	Fera Island is one of the chain of islands forming Buala Bay, in Isabel Province, Solomon Islands.	Fera Island	Solomon Islands
country	Białośliwie (bjawɔˈɕlivjɛ) (German: Bialosliwe) is a village in Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Białośliwie	Poland
country	The Sherbrooke Nature and Science Museum (French: Musée de la nature et des sciences de Sherbrooke) is a Natural history museum and Science museum in downtown Sherbrooke, Quebec, Canada.	Sherbrooke Nature and Science Museum	Canada
country	The Canadian Institute of Public Health Inspectors (CIPHI) is the national professional association that represents environmental public health professionals (EPHPs) in Canada.	Canadian Institute of Public Health Inspectors	Canada
country	Paris Métro Line 3bis is one of the sixteen lines of the Paris Métro (in Paris, France).	Paris Métro Line 3bis	France
country	Wierzbica-Kolonia (vjɛʐˈbit͡sa kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wierzbica-Kolonia	Poland
country	Gävle-Sandviken Airport, also called Gestrike Airport, is a public airport in Sweden, with a single runway 2,000 metres (6,600 ft) long.	Gävle-Sandviken Airport	Sweden
country	Manzaneda is a municipality in eastern province of Ourense in the Galicia region of north-west Spain.	Manzaneda	Spain
country	Unnukka is a medium-sized lake in Southern Savonia region in Finland with dozens of big and little islands.	Unnukka	Finland
country	Yenice Dam is a dam on the Sakarya River near Yenice on the border of Eskişehir and Ankara Province, Turkey.	Yenice Dam	Turkey
country	Puerto Errado is a linear fresnel lens solar thermal power plant, located in the Region of Murcia of Spain.	Puerto Errado	Spain
country	The Maison Carrée (French pronunciation: ​(mɛzɔ̃ kaʁe); French for ``square house'') is an ancient building in Nîmes, southern France; it is the best preserved Roman temple façade to be found anywhere in the territory of the former Roman Empire.	Maison Carrée	France
country	Vynohradne (Ukrainian: Виноградне; Russian: Виноградное; Crimean Tatar: Vinogradnoye) is an urban-type settlement in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea, a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea.	Vynohradne	Ukraine	Russia
country	Backwoods Camp is a birdwatching camp on the edge of the Bhagwan Mahavir Wildlife Sanctuary, near Molem in Goa (India).	Backwoods Camp	India
country	Station Group Banak (Norwegian: Stasjonsgruppe Banak), formerly Banak Air Station (Banak flystasjon), is a military airbase located at Banak, just north of Lakselv in Porsanger, Norway.	Station Group Banak	Norway
country	Hrgar (Cyrillic: Хргар) is a village in the municipality of Bihać, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Hrgar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Zhunan Station (Chinese: 竹南車站; Hanyu Pinyin: Zhúnán Chēzhàn; Tongyong Pinyin: Jhúnán Chejhàn), is a railway station of Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line located in Zhunan Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Zhunan Station	Taiwan
country	Hol Maren is a mansion in Oegstgeest, Netherlands on the Haarlemmertrekvaart, 21.	Hol Maren	Netherlands
country	The Papuan Peninsula, also known as the Bird's Tail Peninsula (see Bird's Head Peninsula), is a large peninsula in Papua New Guinea, southeast of Lae, that makes up the southeastern portion of the island of New Guinea.	Papuan Peninsula	Papua New Guinea
country	Severomorsk-1 (ICAO: ULAK), formerly known as Vayenga-1, is a naval air base in Murmansk Oblast, Russia located 4 km south of Severomorsk (formerly called Vayenga).	Severomorsk-1	Russia
country	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Taqi (Persian: مزرعه سيدتقي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Seyyed Taqī) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Seyyed Taqi	Iran
country	Riberino Zapandi Wetlands is a nature reserve in Guanacaste Province, northwestern Costa Rica.	Riberino Zapandi Wetlands	Costa Rica
country	Batken Region (Kyrgyz: Баткен областы, Batken oblast; Russian: Баткенская область) is a region (oblast) of Kyrgyzstan.	Batken Region	Kyrgyzstan
country	Mihovce (pronounced (ˈmiːxɔu̯tsɛ)) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia.	Mihovce	Slovenia
country	The Central Experimental Farm (CEF) is an agricultural facility, working farm, and research centre of the Research Branch of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada.	Central Experimental Farm	Canada
country	Five villages in Denmark are named Aastrup (Åstrup in the post-1948 Danish Orthography) including Aastrup, Falster.	Aastrup	Denmark
country	Caldas da Rainha (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈkaɫdɐʒ ðɐ ʁɐˈiɲɐ)) is a medium-sized city in western central Portugal in the historical province of Estremadura and the district of Leiria.	Caldas da Rainha	Portugal
country	Maârif or El Maârif (Arabic: المعاريف‎) is an arrondissement of Casablanca, in the Anfa district of the Grand Casablanca region of Morocco.	Maârif	Morocco
country	The Alaska Highway (also known as the Alaskan Highway, Alaska-Canadian Highway, or ALCAN Highway) was constructed during World War II for the purpose of connecting the contiguous United States to Alaska through Canada.	Alaska Highway	Canada
country	Anyang Foreign Language High School (Hangul: 안양외국어고등학교; hanja: 安養外國語高等學校) is a private high school in South Korea.	Anyang Foreign Language High School	South Korea
country	Bandhore Sharif is a village in Kotli Azad kashmir Near an historical place Tatta Pani, Pakistan.	Bandhore Sharif	Pakistan
country	The Royal University for Women (RUW) in the Kingdom of Bahrain is the first private, purpose-built, international university in the country that is dedicated solely to educating the women of Bahrain.	Royal University for Women	Bahrain
country	Barimunya Airport (IATA: BYP, ICAO: YBRY) is located at Barimunya, Western Australia and is approximately 8.25 km (5.13 mi) northeast of the Yandi mine.	Barimunya Airport	Australia
country	Nandagiri (``hill of pleasure'' ) is the name of several places in India.	Nandagiri	India
country	Poličnik (Italian: Polissano) is a municipality within Zadar County in Croatia.	Poličnik	Croatia
country	Qahqaheh Castle (Persian: دژ قهقهه‎‎) is near Kaleybar in East Azarbaijan province, northwest of Iran.	Qahqaheh Castle	Iran
country	Bloemendaal (ˈblumə(n)ˌdaːl) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Bloemendaal	Netherlands
country	Scherpenheuvel-Zichem (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌsxɛrpənɦøːvəl ˈzɪxəm)) is a municipality located in the province of Flemish Brabant, Flemish Region, Belgium, encompassing the towns of Averbode, Messelbroek, Okselaar, Scherpenheuvel, Schoonderbuken, Keiberg, Kaggevinne, Testelt and Zichem (previously spelled Sichem, like the biblical town).	Scherpenheuvel-Zichem	Belgium
country	Goliabad (Persian: گلي اباد‎, also Romanized as Golīābād; also known as Gowzābād) is a village in Dasht-e Khak Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Goliabad	Iran
country	The Langhe (Italian pronunciation: (ˈlaŋɡe); Langa is from old dialect Mons Langa et Bassa Langa) is a hilly area to the south and east of the river Tanaro in the province of Cuneo in Piedmont, northern Italy.	Langhe	Italy
country	Canaules-et-Argentières is commune in the Gard department in southern France.	Canaules-et-Argentières	France
country	The Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic (Tajik SSR; Tajik: Республикаи Советии Социалистии Тоҷикистон, Respuʙlikaji Sovetiji Sotsialistiji Toçikiston; Russian: Таджикская Советская Социалистическая Республика, Tadzhikskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika) was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union.	Tajik Soviet Socialist Republic	Soviet Union
country	Pasałka (paˈsau̯ka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Pasałka	Poland
country	Tinmel or Tin Mal (Arabic: تينمل/ Berber language: ⵜⵉⵏ ⵎⴰⵍ or ⵜⵉⵏⵎⴻⵍ) is a small mountain village in the High Atlas 100 km from Marrakesh, Morocco.	Tinmel	Morocco
country	Puzeh Badi (Persian: پوزه بادي‎, also Romanized as Pūzeh Bādī; also known as Pūzeh Ābādī) is a village in Balyan Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Puzeh Badi	Iran
country	Bagong Silang High School (BSHS) is the second largest public secondary school in Caloocan City, Metro Manila, Philippines, and it was established on August 3, 1983.	Bagong Silang High School	Philippines
country	Stramnica (stramˈnit͡sa) (German: Alt Tramm) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołobrzeg, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Stramnica	Poland
country	Husøy Chapel (Norwegian: Husøy kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county, Norway.	Husøy Chapel	Norway
country	Nunavik (Inuktitut: ᓄᓇᕕᒃ) comprises the northern third of the province of Quebec, Canada in Kativik, part of the Nord-du-Québec region.	Nunavik	Canada
country	Budy Grabskie (ˈbudɨ ˈɡrapskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skierniewice, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Budy Grabskie	Poland
country	Sach'awakayuq (Quechua sach'awaka tapir, -yuq a suffix, ``the one with a tapir (or tapirs)'' hispanicized spelling Sachavacayoc) is a lake in the Tambopata National Reserve in Peru.	Sach'awakayuq	Peru
country	Novadnieki parish (Latvian: Novadnieku pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality, Latvia.	Novadnieki parish	Latvia
country	Puerto Chicama also called Puerto Malabrigo, is a port and small coastal town in northwestern Peru, located in La Libertad Region, some 70 km north of Trujillo city.	Puerto Chicama	Peru
country	&samhoud places is a fine-dining restaurant in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	&samhoud places	Netherlands
country	Dębolas (dɛmˈbɔlas) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Karlino, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dębolas	Poland
country	Fengyuan District (Chinese: 豐原區) is a district located in north-central Taichung, Taiwan on the south bank of the Dajia River.	Fengyuan District	Taiwan
country	Palazzo Tirelli (formerly Gabbi) is a building in the historical centre of Reggio Emilia, northern Italy.	Palazzo Tirelli	Italy
country	The Hazeley Academy is an 11 to 19 International Baccalaureate World School secondary school located in Hazeley on the western edge of Milton Keynes, United Kingdom.	The Hazeley Academy	United Kingdom
country	Spodnja Luša (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja ˈluːʃa); German: Unterluscha) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnja Luša	Slovenia
country	Qila Sobha Singh railway station (Urdu: قلعہ سوبھا سنگھ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Qila Sobha Singh town, Narowal district of Punjab province of the Pakistan.	Qila Sobha Singh railway station	Pakistan
country	Kenema Town Field, is a mini-stadium located in Kenema, Sierra Leone.	Kenema Town Field	Sierra Leone
country	The Valley of Elah has gained new importance as a possible point of support for the argument that Israel was more than a tribal chiefdom in the time of King David.	Valley of Elah	Israel
country	The Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant should be one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's largest hydro power plant, if built, having an installed electric capacity of 450 MW (reference missing).	Buk Bijela Hydro Power Plant	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Marathahalli is a suburb of Bangalore city in Karnataka state of India.	Marathahalli	India
country	Fuafatu is an islet of Funafuti, Tuvalu, 5.5 miles (8.9 km) north of Tefala.	Fuafatu	Tuvalu
country	Ludwin (ˈludvin) is a village in Łęczna County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ludwin	Poland
country	The Enånger Old Church (Enångers gamla kyrka in Swedish) is a well-preserved medieval stone church built in the second half of the 15th century, located in Enånger, Sweden.	Enånger Old Church	Sweden
country	Ginde Beret (Afan Oromo: Gindabarat) is one of the woredas in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia.	Ginde Beret	Ethiopia
country	Bortnytsia (Ukrainian: Bortnytsia Бортниця, Polish: Bortnica) is a village in Volyn oblast, near the town of Dubno, in Dubno County, Ukraine.	Bortnytsia	Ukraine
country	Plucice (pluˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Plucice	Poland
country	Uzeir (Arabic: عزير‎; Hebrew: עֻזֵיר) is an Arab village in northern Israel.	Uzeir	Israel
country	The Kidd Metallurgical Site (or Met Site) is a metallurgical facility in Timmins, Ontario, Canada.	Kidd Metallurgical Site	Canada
country	Raheenmore Bog is a raised bog north-west of Daingean, County Offaly, in Ireland.	Raheenmore Bog	Ireland
country	Teatrul Tineretului (Youth's Theatre) is a cultural institution and a landmark of the city of Piatra Neamţ, Romania.	Teatrul Tineretului	Romania
country	Queen Maud Gulf (68°20′N 102°00′W) lies between the northern coast of the mainland and the southeastern corner of Victoria Island in Nunavut, Canada.	Queen Maud Gulf	Canada
country	Auklandshamn or Økland is a village in Sveio municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Auklandshamn	Norway
country	Bowna is a community in the South East part of the Riverina, New South Wales, Australia.	Bowna	Australia
country	The Minquiers (Les Minquiers; in Jèrriais: Les Mîntchièrs pronunciation ; nicknamed ``the Minkies'' in local English) are a group of islands and rocks, about 15 km (9.3 mi) south of Jersey.	Minquiers	Jersey
country	Lake Waikare is the largest of several shallow lakes in the upper floodplain of the Waikato River in New Zealand's North Island.	Lake Waikare	New Zealand
country	There was a house and garden of Mahmed Reza Khan, the Chitpur Nawab, to whom the administration of Bengal was assigned for several years after the British East India Company acquired the dewani of Bengal from the Mughal emperors in Delhi.	Chitpur	India
country	Auderville (French pronunciation: ​(odɛʁvil)) is a commune on the north coast of the Manche department in the Basse-Normandie region in northwestern France.	Auderville	France
country	The Lawrence Campbell Oratory Competition is an annual competition in impromptu public speaking between representatives of each of the Great Public Schools (GPS) and Combined Associated Schools (CAS) in New South Wales, Australia.	Lawrence Campbell Oratory Competition	Australia
country	The Schueberfouer is the annual Luxembourg city funfair held on the Glacis square in the city district of Limpertsberg.	Schueberfouer	Luxembourg
country	Bludovský zámek (The Bludov Château) is a baroque château with late renaissance elements, located in Bludov in the Czech Republic.	Bludovský zámek	Czech Republic
country	Chah Lak (Persian: چاه لك‎, also Romanized as Chāh Lak; also known as Chāh Lākī, Chāh Log, Chāh Logh, and Cherāghābād-e Chāh Log) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District, in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Lak	Iran
country	The Hau Nui Wind Farm is a 15-turbine wind farm located approximately 21 kilometres (13 mi) south-east of Martinborough, in the South Wairarapa District of New Zealand.	Hau Nui Wind Farm	New Zealand
country	Masasi Airport (IATA: XMI, ICAO: HTMI) is an airport in southern Tanzania serving Masasi.	Masasi Airport	Tanzania
country	Husøya is a small island and the administrative centre of Træna municipality in Nordland county, Norway.	Husøya	Norway
country	Aichelberg Castle (German: Burgruine Aichelberg) is a castle in Carinthia, Austria.	Aichelberg Castle	Austria
country	Am Dam is the capital of Djourf Al Ahmar Department in Sila Region, Chad, located at an important crossroads in the Batha River valley.	Am Dam	Chad
country	Shamidin (Persian: شميدين‎, also Romanized as Shamīdīn; also known as Shamdīn and Shamīndīm) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shamidin	Iran
country	The Musée des beaux-arts d'Arras is located in the old Abbey of St. Vaast in Arras, in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France.	Musée des beaux-arts d'Arras	France
country	Kilyanki (Russian: Килянки) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Kytanakhsky Rural Okrug of Churapchinsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 45 kilometers (28 mi) from Churapcha, the administrative center of the district.	Kilyanki	Russia
country	Bejuco District is a district and town in the canton of Nandayure, Guanacaste Province in Costa Rica.	Bejuco District	Costa Rica
country	Arab Hassan Kabir (Arabic: عرب حسن كبير‎, also spelled 'Arab Hasan Kebir) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Aleppo Governorate, located northeast of Aleppo.	Arab Hassan Kabir	Syria
country	Al Koot Fort (Arabic: الكوت فورت‎), most commonly known as the Doha Fort, is a historical military fortress located in the heart of Doha, Qatar's capital city.	Al Koot Fort	Qatar
country	Cathay Cineleisure Orchard (Chinese: 国泰乌节电影娱乐城) is an urban mall located at 8 Grange Road, Singapore.	Cathay Cineleisure Orchard	Singapore
country	Anina (Romanian pronunciation: (aˈnina); German: Steierdorf; Hungarian: Stájerlakanina) is a town in southwestern Romania, in Caraş-Severin County, with a population of 10,886 in 2000.	Anina	Romania
country	Batnara is a village in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Batnara	Pakistan
country	Willem Pretorius Game Reserve is the largest game reserve in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality of South Africa, encircling the Allemanskraal Dam.	Willem Pretorius Game Reserve	South Africa
country	San Sai, Mueang Chiang Rai (Thai: สันทราย) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	San Sai, Mueang Chiang Rai	Thailand
country	Castle Durrow is an 18th-century country house in Durrow, County Laois, Ireland.	Castle Durrow	Ireland
country	Teuta Durrës B were placed in Group A and competed against the B teams of SK Tirana, Bashkimi Shkodran, SK Elbasani and Skënderbeu Korçë, with SK Tirana B winning the first officially recognised reserves competition held in Albania.	Teuta Durrës B	Albania
country	The Leitzaran (pronounced (leiˈts̻aɾan), or Leizarán in Spanish) is a river and a valley in the Navarre and the Basque Country (Spain).	Leitzaran	Spain
country	Forbesganj is both a town and a municipality in the Araria District (formerly Purnia District before 1990) in the state of Bihar, India, situated at the border of Nepal and India.	Forbesganj	India
country	Keşlə (also, Keshly, Keshlya, Kəşlə, Kishly, Kishlya, Kishty, and Kitly) is a settlement and municipality in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Keşlə	Azerbaijan
country	Matosinhos is a city and a municipality in northern Portugal.	Matosinhos	Portugal
country	Bananal Island (Portuguese: Ilha do Bananal, IPA: (banaˈnaw)) is a large river island formed from the bisection of the Araguaia River, in southwestern Tocantins, Brazil.	Bananal Island	Brazil
country	Yoshkar-Ola (Russian: Йошка́р-Ола́; Mari: Йошкар-Ола) is the capital city of the Mari El Republic, Russia.	Yoshkar-Ola	Russia
country	The Perito Moreno Glacier (Spanish: Glaciar Perito Moreno) is a glacier located in the Los Glaciares National Park in southwest Santa Cruz Province, Argentina.	Perito Moreno Glacier	Argentina
country	Mota Lava or Motalava (coordinates 13.7°S 167.65°E) is the fourth largest island in the Banks Islands of Vanuatu, after Gaua, Vanua Lava and Ureparapara, with an area of 24 km2 (9.3 sq mi).	Mota Lava	Vanuatu
country	Bishop Anstey High School (also called Bishop Anstey or St. Hilary's), is a government-assisted all-girls secondary school in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago, that was originally founded by the Anglican Bishop Arthur Henry Anstey and opened on January 13, 1921.	Bishop Anstey High School	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Pir Shah Jurio is an Indus Valley Civilization archaeological site located in Sindh, Pakistan.	Pir Shah Jurio	Pakistan
country	Trondenes Fort is a fort situated on the Trondenes peninsula in the municipality of Harstad in Troms county, Norway.	Trondenes Fort	Norway
country	Xaqani (also, Xəqani) is a village and municipality in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xaqani	Azerbaijan
country	Darreh Seydi (Persian: دره صيدي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Şeydī and Darreh Şeyydī) is a village in Darreh Seydi Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Seydi	Iran
country	Skupowo (skuˈpɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narewka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Skupowo	Poland
country	Rogożajny Małe (rɔɡɔˈʐai̯nɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Rogożajny Małe	Poland
country	Karneid Castle (Italian: Cornedo all'Isarco) is a castle in northern Italy situated in the comune (municipality) of Karneid in the province of South Tyrol in the Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 4 km east of the city of Bolzano (Bozen).	Karneid Castle	Italy
country	Verkhny Ufaley (Russian: Ве́рхний Уфале́й) is a town in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located on the Ufaley River (a tributary of the Ufa River), 142 kilometers (88 mi) northwest of Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Verkhny Ufaley	Russia
country	Menningarnótt or ``cultural night'' is a yearly event held in Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland, usually on the first Saturday after the 18th of August.	Menningarnótt	Iceland
country	The Otram River (formerly the Port Maria River) is a river in St Mary, Jamaica.	Otram River	Jamaica
country	Chistaya Dubrova (Russian: Чистая Дуброва) is a rural locality (a selo) in Vesyegonsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Chistaya Dubrova	Russia
country	The Norwegian Fishing Village Museum (Norsk Fiskeværsmuseum) is a museum devoted to Norwegian fishing in the village of Å, Moskenes in the municipality of Moskenes, in Lofoten in northern Norway.	Norwegian Fishing Village Museum	Norway
country	The Srebarna Nature Reserve (Природен резерват Сребърна, Priroden rezervat Srebarna) is a nature reserve in northeastern Bulgaria (Southern Dobruja), near the village of the same name, 18 km west of Silistra and 2 km south of the Danube.	Srebarna Nature Reserve	Bulgaria
country	Sagrado Coração de Jesus Basilica or Sacred Heart of Jesus Basilica (Portuguese: Basílica do Sagrado Coração de Jesus) is a Roman Catholic church, a Jesuit basilica, in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Coração de Jesus Basilica	Portugal
country	Ramla (Hebrew: רַמְלָה, Ramla; Arabic: الرملة‎, ar-Ramlah) (also Ramlah, Ramle, Remle and sometimes Rama) is a city in central Israel.	Ramla	Israel
country	Rohuzg (Persian: رهوزگ‎, also Romanized as Rohūzg, Rohrozg, Rehīzeg, Rehīzek, Rohūq, and Ruhūzg) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rohuzg	Iran
country	Walochy-Mońki (vaˈlɔxɨ ˈmɔɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutki, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Walochy-Mońki	Poland
country	Baïla is a village in the rural community of Suelle, Sindian, Bignona, Ziguinchor, Casamance, Senegal.	Baïla	Senegal
country	Lajkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лајковац) is a small town and municipality in Serbia, close to the town of Lazarevac.	Lajkovac	Serbia
country	The Aitik copper mine is owned by Boliden AB and situated outside the town of Gällivare in northern Sweden.	Aitik	Sweden
country	Batiovo (Ukrainian: Батьово, translit. Bat’ovo; Hungarian: Bátyú) is an urban-type settlement in Berehove Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Batiovo	Ukraine
country	Tornby station is a railway station serving the northern part of the village of Tornby in Vendsyssel, Denmark.	Tornby station	Denmark
country	Širmanski Hrib (German: Schirmansberg) is a dispersed settlement in the hills west of Litija in central Slovenia.	Širmanski Hrib	Slovenia
country	Ribeauvillé (French pronunciation: ​(ʁibovije); Alsatian: Rappschwihr; German: Rappoltsweiler) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Ribeauvillé	France
country	Tolombeh-ye Bani Asadi (Persian: تلمبه بني اسدي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Banī Asadī) is a village in Mohammadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Bani Asadi	Iran
country	Angoumois (French pronunciation: ​(ɑ̃ɡumwa)) was a county and province of France.	Angoumois	France
country	Cahuita National Park is a 2,711-acre (1,097-ha) national park in the Caribbean La Amistad Conservation Area of Costa Rica located on the southern Caribbean coast in Limón Province, connected to the town of Cahuita.	Cahuita National Park	Costa Rica
country	Zeynalan-e Olya (Persian: زينلان عليا‎, also Romanized as Zeynalān-e ``Olyā; also known as Zeynlān) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 8 families.	Zeynalan-e Olya	Iran
country	Sang-e Andaz (Persian: سنگ انداز‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Andāz) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang-e Andaz	Iran
country	Seruantztian was a region and family of the old Armenia c. 400-800.	Seruantztian	Armenia
country	Dafniya (Dafiniya, Al Davniya, Ad Dafinīyah, Arabic: دفني‎, Arabic: الدافنية‎) is a Mediterranean coastal town in Libya, halfway between Misrata and Zliten.	Dafniya	Libya
country	For a long time, the Rasphuis had a monopoly in parts of the Netherlands for the processing of Brazilwood.	Rasphuis	Netherlands
country	Falard Rural District (Persian: دهستان فلارد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Falard Rural District	Iran
country	Chowilla Game Reserve is a protected area covering the floodplain on the north side of the River Murray in South Australia from about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) north-east of Renmark to the New South Wales border.	Chowilla Game Reserve	Australia
country	Łeba (ˈwɛba) (Kashubian/Pomeranian: Leba; German: Leba) is a town in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland.	Łeba	Poland
country	Antoetra is a town in Amoron'i Mania Region in central Madagascar 42 kilometers southeast of Ambositra.	Antoetra	Madagascar
country	Püstəqasım (also, Pyustakasym and Pyuztakasym) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Püstəqasım	Azerbaijan
country	Mouth Maze Cave is a large, labyrinthine river cave in Trelawny, Jamaica.	Mouth Maze Cave	Jamaica
country	Chiryawala is a village situated in Kharian Tehsil, Gujrat District, Pakistan.	Chiryawala	Pakistan
country	The District Council of Cleve is a local government area on the eastern Eyre Peninsula in South Australia.	District Council of Cleve	Australia
country	Geumtapsa or Geumtap Temple (Heavenly-Lantern Mountain Golden-Pagoda Temple), a Korean Buddhist Temple, is located at the base of Cheondeungsan (mountain) in Podu-myeon (township), Goheung-gun (county), Jeollanam-do (province), South Korea.	Geumtapsa	South Korea
country	The Kabwoya Wildlife Reserve is a reserve in Uganda.	Kabwoya Wildlife Reserve	Uganda
country	Colinroobie is a rural community in the central part of the Riverina in southern New South Wales, Australia.	Colinroobie	Australia
country	Keramidia (Greek: Κεραμιδιά), is a village in the northeastern part of the municipal unit of Amaliada, Elis, Greece.	Keramidia	Greece
country	Poltringen is a village in the centre of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Poltringen	Germany
country	Ourglana (also written Ourlana) is a village in the commune of Djamaa, in El Oued Province, Algeria.	Ourglana	Algeria
country	Miskolc Airport (Hungarian: Miskolci repülőtér) (IATA: MCQ, ICAO: LHMC) is a small unpaved airport in Miskolc, in the Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County of Hungary.	Miskolc Airport	Hungary
country	Roermond (Dutch pronunciation: (ruːrˈmɔnt); Limburgish: Remunj) is a city, a municipality, and a diocese in the southeastern part of the Netherlands.	Roermond	Netherlands
country	Ylä-Rieveli (also called Ylä-Rääveli) is a medium-sized lake of Finland.	Ylä-Rieveli	Finland
country	Hochosterwitz Castle (German: Burg Hochosterwitz, Slovene: Grad Ostrovica) is considered to be one of Austria's most impressive medieval castles.	Hochosterwitz Castle	Austria
country	Gleinstätten is a market community in southern Austria (state Styria, district Leibnitz) which had 2,831 inhabitants in 2015.	Gleinstätten	Austria
country	The East Fremantle Lacrosse Club was founded in 1899 and is the oldest continually existing lacrosse club in Western Australia.	East Fremantle Lacrosse Club	Australia
country	Merivale High School (MHS) is a secondary school, located at the intersection of Merivale Road and Viewmount Drive in Nepean, Ontario, Canada.	Merivale High School	Canada
country	Shakrial is a rapidly growing town in Rawalpindi, Pakistan.	Shakrial	Pakistan
country	In 2007, Chersonesus tied for fifth in the Seven Wonders of Ukraine poll.	Chersonesus	Ukraine
country	The Toronto Chinese Baptist Church is a Baptist church serving the Chinese-Canadian community of Toronto, Canada.	Toronto Chinese Baptist Church	Canada
country	The Saguenay River (French: Rivière Saguenay) is a major river of Quebec, Canada.	Saguenay River	Canada
country	Acharya Nagarjuna University (Telugu: Telugu: ఆచార్య నాగార్జున విశ్వవిద్యాలయ౦, IAST: Ācārya Nāgārjuna Vișvavidyālaya) is a university in the region of Namburu, Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Acharya Nagarjuna University	India
country	Attongtonganebwokwbwokw (also known as Yattokoton or Yattokoton-To; Marshallese: Āton̄ton̄-eņ-ebokbok, (æ̯æ͡ɑdˠʌ͡ɔɡʷ(ɔ͡ʌ)dˠʌ͡ɔɡʷ-ɛ̯ɛ͡ʌɳˠ-ɛ̯ɛ͡ʌbˠʌ͡ɔɡʷ(ɔ͡ʌ)bˠʌ͡ɔkʷ)) is an island of the Marshall Islands.	Attongtonganebwokwbwokw	Marshall Islands
country	Vidikovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Видиковац) is an urban neighborhood of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Vidikovac	Serbia
country	Tokol'dosh is a housing estate in Bishkek (the capital of Kyrgyzstan).	Tokol'dosh	Kyrgyzstan
country	The Enercare Centre, formerly known as the Direct Energy Centre and National Trade Centre, is an exhibition complex located at Exhibition Place in Toronto, Canada.	Enercare Centre	Canada
country	The Cuvilliés Theatre (German: Cuvilliés-Theater) or Old Residence Theatre (Altes Residenztheater) is the former court theatre of the Residenz in Munich, Bavaria, Germany.	Cuvilliés Theatre	Germany
country	Kumud is a tribal area in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.	Kumud	United Arab Emirates
country	The Prussian National Monument for the Liberation Wars (German: Preußisches Nationaldenkmal für die Befreiungskriege) is a war memorial in Berlin, Germany, dedicated in 1821.	Prussian National Monument for the Liberation Wars	Germany
country	Wielgie Milickie (ˈvjɛlɡʲɛ miˈlit͡skʲɛ) (German: Wielgy, 1936--1945 Weidendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wielgie Milickie	Poland
country	The Sheila McKechnie Foundation (SMK) is a charity based in the United Kingdom.	Sheila McKechnie Foundation	United Kingdom
country	The Eastman Dental Hospital is a specialist hospital for dental treatment located in London, United Kingdom, and a part of the University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.	Eastman Dental Hospital	United Kingdom
country	British Columbia Southern Interior (formerly known as Southern Interior, Kootenay--Boundary--Okanagan and West Kootenay--Okanagan) was a federal electoral district in the province of British Columbia, Canada, that had been represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1997 to 2015.	British Columbia Southern Interior	Canada
country	Amoutivé is a canton and neighborhood of Lomé, Togo.	Amoutivé	Togo
country	Bad Pyrmont (German pronunciation: (bat pyrˈmɔnt, ˈpyrmɔnt)) is a town in the district of Hamelin-Pyrmont, in Lower Saxony (Niedersachsen), Germany, with a population close to 19,000.	Bad Pyrmont	Germany
country	Dipolog Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Dipolog, Cebuano: Tugpahanan sa Dipolog, Chavacano and Spanish: Aeropuerto de Dipolog) (IATA: DPL, ICAO: RPMG) is the main airport serving the general area of Dipolog, the capital city of Zamboanga del Norte, in the Philippines.	Dipolog Airport	Philippines
country	Queenstown Hill, also known by its Māori name of Te Tapu-nui (mountain of intense sacredness), is a small 907 metres (2,976 ft) mountain near Queenstown, New Zealand in the South Island.	Queenstown Hill	New Zealand
country	Sheikh Saeed Al Maktoum House is a historic building and former residential quarters of Saeed bin Maktoum Al Maktoum, former ruler of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.	Saeed Al Maktoum House	United Arab Emirates
country	Pyapon Township (Burmese: ဖျာပုံမြို့နယ်) is a township of Pyapon District in the Ayeyarwady Division of Myanmar.	Pyapon Township	Myanmar
country	Lviv National Art Gallery (previously - Lwów Art Gallery, Polish: Lwowska Galeria Sztuki), a leading art museum in Ukraine, has over 60,000 artworks in its collection, including works of Polish, Italian, French, German, Dutch and Flemish, Spanish, Austrian and other European artists.	Lviv National Art Gallery	Ukraine
country	Sørumsand Station (Norwegian: Sørumsand stasjon) is a railway station located in Sørumsand in Sørum, Norway on Kongsvinger Line.The station is served hourly, with extra rush hour departures, by the Oslo Commuter Rail line 460 operated by Norwegian State Railways.	Sørumsand Station	Norway
country	Paton Bridge is one of the bridges across the Dnieper in Kiev, Ukraine named after its constructor Evgeny Paton.	Paton Bridge	Ukraine
country	Mount Kulal is an eroded-down extinct volcano located in northern Kenya, just east of Lake Turkana.	Mount Kulal	Kenya
country	Caldogno is a town and comune near Vicenza in Italy.	Caldogno	Italy
country	The Gotthard Base Tunnel (GBT) is a railway tunnel through the Alps in Switzerland expected to open on 1 June 2016.	Gotthard Base Tunnel	Switzerland
country	Grabom is a settlement near Brojë in the former Kelmend municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Grabom	Albania
country	The Velikonda Range or Velikonda Hills is a low mountain range, that form part of the Eastern Ghats mountain range system, in eastern India.	Velikonda Range	India
country	Catholic College Bendigo is a Catholic secondary school in the city of Bendigo in Victoria, Australia.	Catholic College Bendigo	Australia
country	Diana Department Store (Thai: ไดอาน่า ดีพาร์ทเมนท์สโตร์) is a chain of department stores in southern Thailand.	Diana Department Store	Thailand
country	Zariver (Armenian: Զառիվեր); formerly known as Aghyokhush, is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Zariver	Armenia
country	Äkäsjärvi is a quite big lake of Finland located in the province of Lapland.	Äkäsjärvi	Finland
country	The Autopista AP-36 (also known as Autopista Ocaña - La Roda) is an autopista in the community of Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	Autopista AP-36	Spain
country	The Kun-Manie mine is a large mine prospect in the Far East of Russia in the Amur Oblast.	Kun-Manie mine	Russia
country	Cerkovinë is a village in Albania, part of the former Novoselë municipality, in the Vlorë County.	Cerkovinë	Albania
country	The Oulad Abdoun Basin (also known as the Ouled Abdoun Basin or Khouribga Basin) is a phosphate sedimentary basin located in Morocco, near the city of Khouribga.	Ouled Abdoun Basin	Morocco
country	Júlio de Castilhos is a municipality of the central part of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Júlio de Castilhos	Brazil
country	Delakverdi (Persian: دلك وردي‎, also Romanized as Delakverdī; also known as Dalek Vīrdī) is a village in Avajiq-e Jonubi Rural District, Dashtaki District, Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Delakverdi	Iran
country	Ilha dos Lobos is a small island on the Atlantic coast of Torres, Rio Grande do Sul state in Brazil.	Ilha dos Lobos	Brazil
country	Mevkuž (pronounced (ˈmeːu̯kuʃ)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Mevkuž	Slovenia
country	The George Fisher mine is one of the largest silver mines in Australia and in the world.	George Fisher mine	Australia
country	Nyang'oma Kogelo, also known as Kogelo, is a village in Siaya County, Kenya.	Nyang'oma Kogelo	Kenya
country	CFFR was ranked #14 in the Fall 2011 PPM Data report released by BBM Canada.	CFFR	Canada
country	The Château de Budos is a ruined castle north of the village of Budos, in the Gironde département of France.	Château de Budos	France
country	The 1984 anti-Sikh riots or the 1984 Sikh Massacre or the 1984 genocide of Sikhs was a series of pogroms directed against Sikhs in India, by anti-Sikh mobs, most notably by members of the Congress party, in response to the assassination of Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards.	1984 anti-Sikh riots	India
country	The Kiunga-Tabubil Highway is an all weather gravel road that runs from the river port town of Kiunga through Ningerum and Tabubil to the Ok Tedi Mine site, in the remote North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea.	Kiunga-Tabubil Highway	Papua New Guinea
country	Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts (abbreviation: NAFA; Chinese: 南洋艺术学院; Malay: Akademi Seni Halus Nanyang) is the longest established tertiary arts education institution in Singapore.	Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts	Singapore
country	The University of Basilicata (Italian: Università degli Studi della Basilicata) is an Italian public research university located in Potenza, Italy and Matera.	University of Basilicata	Italy
country	Båring is a small town in Middelfart municipality on Funen, Denmark with a population of 959 (1 January 2014).	Båring	Denmark
country	The Torere River is a river of the eastern Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island.	Torere River	New Zealand
country	Central Transdanubia (Hungarian: Közép-Dunántúl) is a statistical (NUTS 2) region of Hungary.	Central Transdanubia	Hungary
country	Viqueque Airport (IATA: VIQ, ICAO: WPVQ) serves Viqueque, East Timor.	Viqueque Airport	East Timor
country	Kalarijan (Persian: كلاريجان‎, also Romanized as Kalārījān) is a village in Valupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalarijan	Iran
country	Sankandi is a town in the Lower River Division of the Gambia.	Sankandi	Gambia
country	Canosa Sannita (Italian pronunciation: (kaˈnoːza sanˈniːta)) is a comune and town in the province of Chieti, Abruzzo, central Italy.	Canosa Sannita	Italy
country	The Alblasserwaard (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɑlblɑsərˌʋaːrt)) is a polder in the province South Holland in the Netherlands.	Alblasserwaard	Netherlands
country	The Ponte del Gran Caso is a Roman bridge across the Torrente Gran Caso 2 km south of Ascoli Piceno, central Italy.	Ponte del Gran Caso	Italy
country	Nowy Olesiec (ˈnɔvɨ ɔˈlɛɕɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocz, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nowy Olesiec	Poland
country	The Safety Investigation Authority of Finland (SIAF, Finnish: Onnettomuustutkintakeskus ``Accident Investigation Center'', OTKES; Swedish: Olycksutredningscentralen) is the accident investigation authority of Finland.	Safety Investigation Authority	Finland
country	Umedalens sjukhus (Umedalen hospital) was a psychiatric hospital located in the residential area Umedalen in Umeå, Sweden.	Umedalens sjukhus	Sweden
country	Łaniewo-Leśniczówka (waˈɲɛvɔ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark Warmiński, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łaniewo-Leśniczówka	Poland
country	Houghton Estate, often simply called Houghton is a wealthy suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa, north-east of the city centre.	Houghton Estate	South Africa
country	The Château de Ternay in the Loire Valley in the province of Poitou (Poitou-Charentes, France) was built by the Aviau de Ternay family.	Château de Ternay	France
country	Castillonroy (Spanish: (kastiʎonˈroi)) or Castellonroi (Catalan: (kəstəˌʎonˈrɔj), locally: (kasteˌʎonˈrɔj)) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Castillonroy	Spain
country	Namchuncheon Station (Korean:남춘천역, meaning South Chuncheon Station, Abbr.:Kangwondae Station; 강원대역) is a train station on the Gyeongchun Line in Chuncheon, South Korea, operated by Korail.	Namchuncheon Station	South Korea
country	Obira (also called Utara or Obi) is the main island in the Obi Islands group, in Indonesia, south of the larger Halmahera in North Maluku.	Obira	Indonesia
country	Ny Kongensgade (literally ``New King's Street) is a street in central Copenhagen, Denmark, connecting Frederiksholm Canal to H. C. Andersens Boulevard.	Ny Kongensgade	Denmark
country	The Wallnau Waterbird Reserve (German: Wasservogelreservat Wallnau) is one of the most important reserves for migratory birds in Germany and the largest of NABU's nature conservation centres.	Wallnau Waterbird Reserve	Germany
country	Sóc Trăng ( listen) is a city in Vietnam.	Sóc Trăng	Vietnam
country	Vellore Municipal Corporation or City Municipal Corporation of Vellore is a civic body that governs the city of Vellore, Tamil Nadu, India.	Vellore Municipal Corporation	India
country	Mogoșoaia Palace (in Romanian: Palatul Mogoșoaia, pronounced (paˈlatul moɡoˈʃo̯aja)) is situated about 10 kilometres from Bucharest, Romania.	Mogoșoaia Palace	Romania
country	Lavalla Catholic College is a Catholic co-educational high school with 3 campuses located in the towns of Traralgon and Newborough in Victoria, Australia.	Lavalla Catholic College	Australia
country	Kryzhopil (Ukrainian: Крижопіль; Russian: Крыжополь, Kryzhopol) is an urban-type settlement in the Kryzhopil Raion (a district in Vinnytsia Oblast or province, in central Ukraine. Population: 9,011 (2013 est.).	Kryzhopil	Ukraine
country	Collège de La Confiance is a confessional college located in Beau-Bassin, Mauritius.	Collège de La Confiance	Mauritius
country	Kuninkoja is a ward (suuralue in Finnish, storområde in Swedish) of Turku, Finland, also known as Ward 7.	Kuninkoja	Finland
country	Ražanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Ражањ) is a village and municipality located in the Nišava District of Serbia.	Ražanj	Serbia
country	Viimsi Parish (Estonian: Viimsi vald) is a rural municipality in northern Estonia, located north-east and neighbouring the capital Tallinn.	Viimsi Parish	Estonia
country	Sisimiut Airport (Greenlandic: Mittarfik Sisimiut) (IATA: JHS, ICAO: BGSS) is an airport located 2.2 NM (4.1 km; 2.5 mi) northwest of Sisimiut, a town in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland.	Sisimiut Airport	Greenland
country	The Golis Mountains are a mountain range in northern Somalia.	Golis Mountains	Somalia
country	Krasnokamsk (Russian: Краснока́мск) is a town in Perm Krai, Russia, located on the right bank of the Kama River, 35 kilometers (22 mi) west of Perm, the administrative center of the krai.	Krasnokamsk	Russia
country	Matenja Vas (pronounced (maˈteːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Matenja vas, Italian: Mategna) is a village south of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Matenja Vas	Slovenia
country	The Incheon International Airport Expressway(Korean: 인천국제공항고속도로, Incheon Gukje Gonghang Gosok Doro) is a tollway in South Korea connecting Incheon International Airport to Seoul.	Incheon International Airport Expressway	South Korea
country	Mazarostaq (Persian: مازارستاق‎, also Romanized as Māzārostāq) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mazarostaq	Iran
country	The Château de La Fougeraie, also called the Château Wittouck, is a stately home in Belgium built in 1911 for the industrialist Paul Wittouck.	Château de La Fougeraie	Belgium
country	Lodi Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Lodi, Basilica Cattedrale della Vergine Assunta) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Lodi, Lombardy, Italy.	Lodi Cathedral	Italy
country	The Bosche Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located northwest of Highway 16 near the east border of Jasper National Park, Canada.	Bosche Range	Canada
country	Magala-Cad District is a district in the northwestern Awdal region of Somalia.	Magala-Cad District	Somalia
country	Piaski Morąskie (ˈpjaski mɔˈrɔ̃skʲɛ) (German: Sandhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Piaski Morąskie	Poland
country	Elsie's River (Elsiesrivier in Afrikaans) is a suburb of Cape Town, South Africa.	Elsie's River	South Africa
country	Lac de Gers is a lake above Samoëns in Haute-Savoie, France.	Lac de Gers	France
country	The Bleibeskopf is a hill in Hesse, Germany, about 6 km northwest of Bad Homburg.	Bleibeskopf	Germany
country	Vydrná (Hungarian: Vidornya) is a village and municipality in Púchov District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia.	Vydrná	Slovakia
country	Caffè Nero have been accused of ``bully-boy tactics'' following the opening of several stores in the United Kingdom, without the legally required planning permission.	Caffè Nero	United Kingdom
country	Velešín (Czech pronunciation: (ˈvɛlɛʃiːn)) is a town in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Velešín	Czech Republic
country	Kiffa is a large town in the far south of the West African nation of Mauritania, and the name of an administrative area within the local Assaba Region.	Kiffa	Mauritania
country	Ikangba is the name of a housing estate in Ijebu Ode in Ogun State, Nigeria.	Ikangba	Nigeria
country	Sayfaf (Arabic: صيفاف‎) is a coastal town in Kamaran Island, Yemen.	Sayfaf	Yemen
country	Before unlawful occupation of Kashmir territory by India and Pakistan, significant Hindu families were present in Banjosa valley.	Banjosa	Pakistan
country	Sarno is a town and comune and former Latin Catholic bishopric of Campania, Italy, in the province of Salerno, 20 km northeast from the city of Salerno and 60 km east of Naples by the main railway.	Sarno	Italy
country	Ghazni Airport (IATA: GZI, ICAO: OAGN) is located in Ghazni, Afghanistan, next to the main Ghazni-Kandahar Highway.	Ghazni Airport	Afghanistan
country	Do Gerdan Khunsorkh (Persian: دوگردان خونسرخ‎, also Romanized as Do Gerdān Khūnsorkh; also known as Do Gerdān, Dogerdān, and Dowgerdān) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Do Gerdan Khunsorkh	Iran
country	The Gare d'Eu (Eu station) is a railway station located in the commune of Eu in the Seine-Maritime department, France, in the region of Upper Normandy.	Gare d'Eu	France
country	The Order of the Belt of Hope was a knighthood order which was founded in 1389 by King Charles VI of France and dedicated it to ``Our Lady who bring back home the lost hunters''.	Order of the Belt of Hope	France
country	Troisdorf (German pronunciation: (ˈtroːsdɔrf)) is a town in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis (district), in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Troisdorf	Germany
country	Sian Lowland or Oversian basin (Ukrainian: Надсіанська котловина) is a lowland located at the border between Poland and Ukraine along the San River.	Sian Lowland	Poland	Ukraine
country	Poothole is situated in Thrissur city of Kerala state of India.	Poothole	India
country	The Radomyshl Synagogue located in Radomyshl, Ukraine, was burnt down in 1921.	Radomyshl Synagogue	Ukraine
country	The Tapada Nacional de Mafra was created in Mafra, Portugal, during the reign of king João V, following the building of the Mafra National Palace, as a park for royal and court recreation.	Tapada Nacional de Mafra	Portugal
country	Baladiyeh (Persian: بالديه‎, also Romanized as Baladīyeh and Baldīyeh; also known as Bāleh, Balieh, and Balleh) is a village in Qaleh Chenan Rural District, in the Central District of Karun County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Baladiyeh	Iran
country	Log pod Mangartom (pronounced (ˈloːk pɔd ˈmaːnɡaɾtɔm); sometimes Log pod Mangrtom, Italian: Bretto) is a settlement in the Municipality of Bovec in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Log pod Mangartom	Slovenia
country	Lake Ter is a small lake at Le Lieu, in the Vallée de Joux of the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Lake Ter	Switzerland
country	Qalağan, also known as Qalaqan or Kalagan, is a village and municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qalağan	Azerbaijan
country	Frastanz is located on the western border of Austria, at 510 meters above sea level.	Frastanz	Austria
country	The University of the Basque Country (UPV/EHU) (Basque - Euskal Herriko Unibertsitatea (EHU); Spanish - Universidad del País Vasco (UPV)) is the only public university in the Basque Autonomous Community, in Northern Spain.	University of the Basque Country	Spain
country	The Microregion of Sorocaba (Portuguese: Microrregião de Sorocaba) is a microregion in the central part of São Paulo State, Brazil.	Microregion of Sorocaba	Brazil
country	Hacıturalı (also, Gadzhituraly and Gadzhyturaly) is a village and municipality in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hacıturalı	Azerbaijan
country	Piekoszów (pjɛˈkɔʂuf) is a village in Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Piekoszów	Poland
country	Nainativu Nagapooshani Amman Temple (Tamil: நயினாதீவு நாகபூசணி அம்மன் கோயில்) is an ancient and historic Hindu temple located amidst the Palk Strait on the island of Nainativu, Sri Lanka.	Nainativu Nagapooshani Amman Temple	Sri Lanka
country	Fongafale (also spelled Fogale or Fagafale) is the largest of Funafuti's islets in Tuvalu.	Fongafale	Tuvalu
country	Bufali is a village and municipality about 3 km from Albaida and 78 km from the city of Valencia, Spain.	Bufali	Spain
country	Maianga is one of the six municipalities of the administrative division of the province of Luanda, Angola.	Maianga	Angola
country	The Château de Biron is a castle in the valley of the Lède in the commune of Biron in the Dordogne département of France.	Château de Biron	France
country	Malolo Lailai (Little Malolo), also known as Plantation Island, is the second largest and most developed of the Mamanuca Islands, lying 20 kilometres west of Nadi on Fiji's main island Viti Levu.	Malolo Lailai	Fiji
country	The Ladakh International Film Festival (LIFF) is an international film festival that is held annually in the Ladakh region in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Ladakh International Film Festival	India
country	Torgelow (German pronunciation: (ˈtɔʁɡəlo)) is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Torgelow	Germany
country	Xanten (German pronunciation: (ˈksantən), Lower Franconian Santen) is a historic town in the North Rhine-Westphalia state of Germany, located in the district of Wesel.	Xanten	Germany
country	The UK Border Agency (UKBA) was the border control agency of the Government of the United Kingdom and part of the Home Office that was superseded by UK Visas and Immigration in April 2013.	UK Border Agency	United Kingdom
country	Troms County Municipality (Norwegian: Troms fylkeskommune, Northern Sami: Romssa fylkkasuohkan) is the regional governing administration of Troms county in northern Norway.	Troms County Municipality	Norway
country	Santiago Mariño Caribbean International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional del Caribe ``Santiago Mariño'', IATA: PMV, ICAO: SVMG) is a commercial airport located near Porlamar, the largest city on Isla Margarita, an island in state of Nueva Esparta in Venezuela.	Santiago Mariño Caribbean International Airport	Venezuela
country	The Château de Rambouillet is a chateau in the town of Rambouillet, Yvelines department, in the Île-de-France region in northern France, 50 km (31 mi) southwest of Paris.	Château de Rambouillet	France
country	Okroglice (pronounced (ɔˈkɾoːɡlitsɛ)) is a settlement in the hills northeast of Loka pri Zidanem Mostu in the Municipality of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Okroglice	Slovenia
country	Lühesand is a small island of 1.24 square kilometres (0.48 sq mi) in the river Elbe (here the Lower Elbe), 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Stade in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lühesand	Germany
country	Karvia is a municipality of Finland founded in 1865.	Karvia	Finland
country	Gambela Zuria (``Greater Gambela'') is one of the woredas in the Gambela Region of Ethiopia.	Gambela Zuria	Ethiopia
country	Millenáris Sporttelep is a multi-use velodrome in Budapest, Hungary.	Millenáris Sporttelep	Hungary
country	Skhodnya (Russian: Сходня) was formerly a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Skhodnya River some 12 km northwest of Moscow.	Skhodnya	Russia
country	Vunikavikaloa is a settlement on the northern coasts of the Ra Province in Viti Levu, Fiji.	Vunikavikaloa	Fiji
country	Tystigbreen is a glacier that is located on the border between Sogn og Fjordane and Oppland counties in Norway.	Tystigbreen	Norway
country	Zarzal (Spanish pronunciation: (saɾˈsal)) is a town and municipality located in the north of the department of Valle del Cauca, in Colombia.	Zarzal	Colombia
country	Pfaffenhoffen (German: Pfaffenhofen) is a former commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Pfaffenhoffen	France
country	The Universidad Casa Blanca (commonly known as UCB, English: ``Casa Blanca University''), is a private arts and design university located in Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico.	Universidad Casa Blanca	Mexico
country	Kosianka-Trojanówka (kɔˈɕanka trɔjaˈnufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kosianka-Trojanówka	Poland
country	Staicele ( pronunciation ; German: Staizel; Livonian: Staitsõl) is a town in Latvia.	Staicele	Latvia
country	Mountain Dwellings (Danish: Bjerget) is an award-winning building in the Ørestad district of Copenhagen, Denmark, consisting of apartments above a multi-storey car park.	Mountain Dwellings	Denmark
country	The first President of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom Lord Phillips, took Worth Matravers as part of his title.	Worth Matravers	United Kingdom
country	Labrador Nature Reserve (Chinese: 拉柏多自然保护区), also locally known as Labrador Park (拉柏多公园), is located in the southern part of the main island of Singapore.	Labrador Nature Reserve	Singapore
country	Thujsa Jawira (Aymara thujsa smelling, jawira river, ``smelling river'', also spelled Tujsa Jahuira), which upstream successively is named Ingenio and Río Grande and downstream is called Llink'i, is a river in the La Paz Department in Bolivia.	Thujsa Jawira	Bolivia
country	The Abbasi Hotel (formerly known as the Shah Abbas Hotel) is a hotel located in Isfahan, Iran.	Abbasi Hotel	Iran
country	Shamzagh (Persian: شمزاغ‎, also Romanized as Shamzāgh; also known as Shamrāgh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shamzagh	Iran
country	Bonting Island is an island located on Sandakan in Sabah, Malaysia.	Bonting Island	Malaysia
country	The Ebertswiese (literally: Ebert Meadow), is a boggy area of grassland in the Thuringian Forest in central Germany.	Ebertswiese	Germany
country	Pirzadeh (Persian: پيرزاده‎, also Romanized as Pīrzādeh) is a village in Gerdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Pirzadeh	Iran
country	The United States Army Air Forces (USAAF or AAF) was the military aviation service of the United States of America during and immediately after World War II, successor to the United States Army Air Corps and the direct predecessor of the United States Air Force.	United States Army Air Forces	United States of America
country	Mur-e Jowkar (Persian: مورجوكار‎, also Romanized as Mūr-e Jowkār) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Mur-e Jowkar	Iran
country	The National Capital Junior Hockey League (NCJHL) is a Junior ice hockey league in Ontario, Canada, sanctioned by the Hockey Eastern Ontario and Hockey Canada.	National Capital Junior Hockey League	Canada
country	Allman Bay is an arm of Nares Strait, in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Allman Bay	Canada
country	Żydowce is a part of the city of Szczecin, Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river, south-east of the Szczecin Old Town, and south-west of Szczecin-Dąbie.	Żydowce	Poland
country	Salehabadu (Persian: صالح آبادو‎, also Romanized as Şāleḩābādū; also known as Solhābād and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Qohab-e Rastaq Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Salehabadu	Iran
country	Xochitla (place of flowers) is an ecological park in Tepotzotlán, State of Mexico, Greater Mexico City that promotes the environment care through various activities that the park has planned.	Xochitla	Mexico
country	Rankala Lake is a picturesque lake in the Kolhapur District of the state of Maharashtra in western India.	Rankala Lake	India
country	Bissikrima is a town and sub-prefecture in the Faranah Region of Guinea in Dabola prefecture.	Bissikrima	Guinea
country	Obreda (ɔˈbrɛda) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Obreda	Poland
country	Hatay Airport (IATA: HTY, ICAO: LTDA) (Turkish: Hatay Havalimanı) is an international airport in Hatay Province, Turkey serving the cities of Antakya (25 km by road) and Iskenderun (45 km).	Hatay Airport	Turkey
country	Al-e Mahmudi (Persian: ال محمودي‎, also Romanized as Āl-e Maḩmūdī; also known as Āl-e Maḩmūd) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Al-e Mahmudi	Iran
country	Herat International Airport (IATA: HEA, ICAO: OAHR) is located 10.5 km (6.5 mi) southeast of the city of Herat in western Afghanistan, east of the Herat-Farah road, close to Guzara in the Guzara District of the Herat Province.	Herat International Airport	Afghanistan
country	Rockridge Secondary School is a five-year secondary school located in West Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Rockridge Secondary School	Canada
country	Lipenovići (Cyrillic: Липеновићи) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lipenovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Jagodina City Stadium (Serbian Cyrillic: Градски стадион Јагодина), locally known as Stadion pod Đurđevim brdom (Stadium under the Đurđev-Hill ), is a multi-use all-seated stadium in Jagodina, Serbia.	Jagodina City Stadium	Serbia
country	Dibba Al-Baya (Arabic: دبا البيعة‎) is geographically part of the Dibba region, an exclave of Oman, that faces the Arabian Sea and bordered by the United Arab Emirates.	Dibba Al-Baya	Oman
country	Tczów (tt͡ʂuf) is a village in Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tczów	Poland
country	IJzevoorde is a small village in the province of Gelderland in the east part of the Netherlands.	IJzevoorde	Netherlands
country	The former Lake Kapibouska was formed artificially by a bulge in the Rivière des Envies, in the city of Saint-Tite, in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality, in Mauricie, in Quebec, in Canada.	Lake Kapibouska	Canada
country	Rotelsee is a lake near Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais, Switzerland.	Rotelsee	Switzerland
country	Vazhuthacaud is located in Thiruvananthapuram, the capital of Kerala, India.	Vazhuthacaud	India
country	Octapod is a non profit arts organisation based in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia.	Octapod	Australia
country	Mowtowr-e Gargij (Persian: موتورگرگيج‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gargīj) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Gargij	Iran
country	Kingston Penitentiary (known locally as KP and Kingston Pen) is a former maximum security prison located in Kingston, Ontario, Canada, between King Street West and Lake Ontario.	Kingston Penitentiary	Canada
country	Mazorakopf or Falknishorn (2451.5 m) is a mountain on the border between Switzerland and Liechtenstein.	Mazorakopf	Switzerland	Liechtenstein
country	Crossway Baptist Church is one of Australia's largest Baptist churches and is located in Melbourne's eastern suburbs.	Crossway Baptist Church	Australia
country	Riga International Film Festival 2ANNAS (Latvian: Rīgas starptautiskais filmu festivāls 2ANNAS) is the only annual film festival in Latvia.	Riga International Film Festival 2ANNAS	Latvia
country	Şarifan (also, Şərifan, Sharafan, and Sharifan) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Şarifan	Azerbaijan
country	Kirks is a soft drink manufacturer founded in Queensland, Australia in 1959, popular for their range of flavours including lemonade, creaming soda, and sarsaparilla.	Kirks	Australia
country	The Alz is a river in Bavaria, southern Germany, the only discharge of the Chiemsee.	Alz	Germany
country	Lubaland refers to the savanah grassland south of the Congo River where the Luba people live; now the southeastern portion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lubaland	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Horst-Janssen-Museum is an art museum located in Oldenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Horst-Janssen-Museum	Germany
country	Kyjovský hrádek, also Horní Karlštejn and Pustý hrádek (German: Oberer Karlstein and Wüstes Schloss) is the name of the ruins of what is supposed to have been a rock castle (Felsenburg) near Kyjov (Khaa) in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.	Kyjovský hrádek	Czech Republic
country	Neuer Wall (German pronunciation: (nɔʏɛʀ val)) is an upmarket shopping street in Hamburg, Germany.	Neuer Wall	Germany
country	Kalmat Naval Base is a proposed naval base of the Pakistan Navy at Khor Kalmat, Balochistan, Pakistan.	Kalmat Naval Base	Pakistan
country	Szalatnak (Croatian: Slatnik) is a little village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Szalatnak	Hungary
country	Draguignan (French pronunciation: ​(dʁa.ɡi.ɲɑ̃)) is a commune in the Var department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region, in southeastern France.	Draguignan	France
country	Brock's Monument is a 56-metre (185 ft) column atop Queenston Heights in Queenston, Ontario, Canada, dedicated to Major General Sir Isaac Brock, one of Canada's heroes of the War of 1812.	Brock's Monument	Canada
country	Refsnes Gods is a hotel near the town of Moss, Norway, on the island of Jeløy.	Refsnes Gods	Norway
country	Płatków (ˈpwatkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zabrodzie, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Płatków	Poland
country	The Muni River (Noya River) is a river in the southern mainland of Equatorial Guinea.	Muni River	Equatorial Guinea
country	Agutaya is a fifth class island municipality in the province of Palawan, Philippines.	Agutaya	Philippines
country	Mudagandooru (Kannada: ಮುದಗಂದೂರು) is a village in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Mudagandooru	India
country	North Queensland or the Northern Region is the northern part of the state of Queensland in Australia that lies just south of Far North Queensland.	North Queensland	Australia
country	Loya Paktia (Pashto: لويه پکتيا‎, lit. ``Great Paktia'') is a historical and cultural region of Afghanistan, comprising the modern Afghan provinces of Paktia, Paktika, Khost, and also parts of Logar and Ghazni.	Loya Paktia	Afghanistan
country	Finnish national road 12 (Finnish: Valtatie 12; Swedish: Riksväg 12) is a highway in Finland between Rauma and Kouvola via Huittinen, Tampere and Lahti.	Finnish national road 12	Finland
country	Vuktyl (Russian: Вукты́л) is a town in the Komi Republic, Russia, located on the right bank of the Pechora River near its confluence with the Vuktyl River, 575 kilometers (357 mi) northeast of Syktyvkar, the capital of the republic.	Vuktyl	Russia
country	Alberta's Rockies comprises the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta, Canada.	Alberta's Rockies	Canada
country	Kalnmuiža Manor is a manor house built in Late Classicism style in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Kalnmuiža Manor	Latvia
country	Bariyamabad (Persian: برايم اباد‎, also Romanized as Barāīyamābād) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bariyamabad	Iran
country	Radioactive FM 96 is a youth cultured radio station, broadcasting in Karachi, Pakistan.	Radioactive FM 96	Pakistan
country	Jelica (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелица) is a mountain in central Serbia, near the town of Čačak.	Jelica	Serbia
country	German submarine U-441 was a Type VIIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II, which served for a short time as an anti-aircraft submarine under the designation U-flak 1.	German submarine U-441	Germany
country	Lake Charvak (Uzbek: Chorvoq; from Chor bogh, ``four gardens'' in Persian) is a water reservoir in Bostanliq District in the northern part of Tashkent Region, Uzbekistan, separating Ugam (north), Pskem (east), and Chatkal (south) ranges.	Lake Charvak	Uzbekistan
country	Kolmanskop (Afrikaans for Coleman's hill, German: Kolmannskuppe) is a ghost town in the Namib desert in southern Namibia, 10 kilometres inland from the port town of Lüderitz.	Kolmanskop	Namibia
country	Laftun (Persian: لفتون‎, also Romanized as Laftūn) is a village in Qahab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Laftun	Iran
country	Smara Airport (IATA: SMW, ICAO: GMMA/GSMA) is an airport in Smara (also known as Semara), a city in Western Sahara (administered by Morocco).	Smara Airport	Western Sahara
country	Ishiagu is a town in the Ivo Local Government Area in Ebonyi State, Nigeria, located on the plains of the south-eastern savannah belt.	Ishiagu	Nigeria
country	The Skagway River is a river in British Columbia, Canada and the state of Alaska, United States, flowing southwest across the international boundary at 59°32′36``N 135°01′55''W just southeast of the White Pass.	Skagway River	Canada
country	Androy is the most southerly region of Madagascar.	Androy	Madagascar
country	Klappholz (Danish: Klapholt) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig-Flensburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Klappholz	Germany
country	Guzeh Lengeh (Persian: گوزه لنگه‎, also Romanized as Gūzeh Lengeh; also known as Gūzal Lengeh) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Guzeh Lengeh	Iran
country	Rigio (Greek: Ρήγιο) is a village in the eastern part of Didymoteicho municipality, Evros regional unit, Greece.	Rigio	Greece
country	Slanec (German: Salzburg; Hungarian: Nagyszalánc; Latin: Castrum Salis) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Slanec	Slovakia
country	Jabiru Airport (IATA: JAB, ICAO: YJAB) is an airport located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northwest of Ranger Uranium Mine and east of Jabiru in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Jabiru Airport	Australia
country	The Fram Strait is the passage between Greenland and Svalbard, located roughly between 77°N and 81°N latitudes and centered on the prime meridian.	Fram Strait	Greenland
country	The Spantik-Sosbun Mountains are a subrange of the Karakoram range in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.	Spantik-Sosbun Mountains	Pakistan
country	Siklós Castle is a medieval castle in Siklós, Hungary.	Siklós Castle	Hungary
country	The Quây Sơn River (Vietnamese: Sông Quây Sơn) or Guichun River (Chinese: 归春河) is a river of Cao Bằng Province, Vietnam and of Guangxi province, China.	Quây Sơn River	Vietnam
country	The Gesele River ( Hungarian: Gesele-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania, Romania.	Gesele River	Romania
country	Ticlio (or Anticona) is a mountain pass and the highest point of the central road of Peru (km 120), in the Andean mountains, reaching 4,818.	Ticlio	Peru
country	Port Belmont, also known as Belmont and Surf Inlet, was a gold-mining camp located on northern Princess Royal Island on the Coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Port Belmont	Canada
country	Yeongsan-myeon (also known as Yongsan) is a myeon of Changnyeong County, South Gyeongsang Province, in South Korea.	Yeongsan	South Korea
country	Pasaia (Spanish: Pasajes) is a town and municipality located in the province of Gipuzkoa in the Basque Autonomous Community of northern Spain.	Pasaia	Spain
country	The Bundestag (German pronunciation: (ˈbʊndəstaːk), ``Federal Diet'') is a constitutional and legislative body at the federal level in Germany.	Bundestag	Germany
country	Rokicki Dwór (rɔˈkit͡ski ˈdvur) (German Neuhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rokicki Dwór	Poland
country	Elizaveta is a commune in the municipality of Bălţi in the north of Moldova.	Elizaveta	Moldova
country	The Curse of Novgorod (``Fluch von Novgorod'') is a roller coaster in Hansa-Park, Germany.	Curse of Novgorod	Germany
country	Zaderc (pronounced (ˈzaːdɛɾts); also Zadrc, German: Saderz) is a former settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia.	Zaderc	Slovenia
country	Schathoes Verhildersum is a former restaurant in Leens in the Netherlands, on the estate of Verhildersum.	Schathoes Verhildersum	Netherlands
country	El Djouf is a desert, an arid natural region of sand dunes and rock salt which covers northeastern Mauritania and part of northwestern Mali.	El Djouf	Mauritania
country	Moucha Airport (IATA: MHI, ICAO: HDMO) is an airport serving Moucha Island in Djibouti.	Moucha Airport	Djibouti
country	Ed Daein Airport (IATA: ADV) is an airport serving the city of Ed Daein, in the East Darfur state of Sudan.	Ed Daein Airport	Sudan
country	SM City Lucena is a shopping mall owned and developed by SM Prime Holdings, the largest mall operator in the Philippines.	SM City Lucena	Philippines
country	Gulripshi District (Georgian: გულრიფშის რაიონი, Abkhaz: Гәылрыҧшь араион) is a district of Abkhazia, Georgia's breakaway republic.	Gulripshi District	Abkhazia
country	Lega Nord Umbria (English: North League Umbria) is a regionalist political party in Italy which is the ``national'' (hence, regional) section of Lega Nord in Umbria.	Lega Nord Umbria	Italy
country	The Lichtenstein Cave is an archaeological site near Dorste, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lichtenstein Cave	Germany
country	Villalbín is a village and distrito in the Ñeembucú department of Paraguay.	Villalbín	Paraguay
country	Rimbick is a village near the India-Nepal border in the Darjeeling district of West Bengal state, India.	Rimbick	India
country	Kazan (Volga region) Federal University (Russian: Казанский (Приволжский) федеральный университет; Tatar: Cyrillic Казан (Идел Буе) федераль университеты, Latin Qazan federal universitetı) is located in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Kazan (Volga region) Federal University	Russia
country	Føresvik (sometimes called Bokn) is the administrative centre of Bokn municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.	Føresvik	Norway
country	The Richmond Delta Youth Orchestra or RDYO is a respected orchestral training program for young musicians located in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.	Richmond Delta Youth Orchestra	Canada
country	Malmö Airport, until 2007 known as Sturup Airport (Swedish: Sturups flygplats) (IATA: MMX, ICAO: ESMS) is Sweden's fifth busiest airport, handling 2,104,013 passengers in 2012, a new all-time high.	Malmö Airport	Sweden
country	Tebakang (also known as Tebekang or Tabekang) is a village in the Serian division of Sarawak, Malaysia, between Serian and Tebedu.	Tebakang	Malaysia
country	Festool is a brand of power tools from Germany.	Festool	Germany
country	Vĩnh Châu is a county-level town (thị xã) of Sóc Trăng Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam.	Vĩnh Châu	Vietnam
country	Chah-e Tarikhi (Persian: چاه تريخي‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Tarīkhī, Chāh-e Tirikhi, and Chāh-i-Tirikhi) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Tarikhi	Iran
country	The Tera Pass is the primary route connecting Logar and Paktia provinces in Afghanistan.	Tera Pass	Afghanistan
country	Bustros Palace is a palace on Rue Sursock in the Achrafieh area of Beirut, Lebanon.	Bustros Palace	Lebanon
country	Ringedals Dam is a gravity dam by Ringedalsvatnet at Tyssedal in Odda municipality in the county of Hordaland, Norway.	Ringedals Dam	Norway
country	Pocsaj (Romanian: Pocei, Poce) is a village in Hajdú-Bihar county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	Pocsaj	Hungary
country	Oberreute is a municipality in the district of Lindau in Bavaria in Germany and member of the municipal association of Stiefenhofen.	Oberreute	Germany
country	Whitecaps FC 2 is a professional soccer team based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and serves as the affiliate of the Vancouver Whitecaps FC of MLS.	Whitecaps FC 2	Canada
country	Bochum Hauptbahnhof is a railway station for the city of Bochum in western Germany.	Bochum Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	The Manila East Road, or Laguna de Bay By-pass Road is a 2-4 lane highway located in the provinces of Rizal and Laguna in the Philippines.	Manila East Road	Philippines
country	Nelson's Island is an island located in Abū Qīr Bay, off the coast of Alexandria, Egypt.	Nelson's Island	Egypt
country	Esira is a town and commune in Madagascar, in the southern part of the island.	Esira	Madagascar
country	Lalo Bandai is a village in Koza Bandai union council, Neikpekhai tehsil, in the Swat District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Lalo Bandai	Pakistan
country	Negar (Persian: نگار‎, also Romanized as Negār; also known as Qanāt Bāgh and Nīgār) is a city in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Negar	Iran
country	Started in 2002 in Athens Greece, Athens Wireless Metropolitan Network (AWMN) is a grassroots wireless community, taking advantage of new, state of the art wireless technologies, to connect people and services.	Athens Wireless Metropolitan Network	Greece
country	Newton Tony is represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom as part of the constituency of Salisbury.	Newton Tony	United Kingdom
country	Over Holluf is a small suburb in Odense Municipality on the island of Funen, Denmark.	Over Holluf	Denmark
country	Ånge Municipality (Ånge kommun) is a municipality in Västernorrland County, northern Sweden.	Ånge Municipality	Sweden
country	Darkənd (also, Dər, Dar, and Der) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Darkənd	Azerbaijan
country	Saqqaq Heliport (ICAO: BGSQ) is a heliport in Saqqaq, a village on the Nuussuaq Peninsula in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland.	Saqqaq Heliport	Greenland
country	Vavunikulam is a village in the Mullaitivu District, Sri Lanka, and is located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Mankulam.	Vavunikulam	Sri Lanka
country	Savanur is a town and taluk headquarters of Savanur Taluk in Haveri District of Karnataka state, India.	Savanur	India
country	The Fundo River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.	Fundo River (Espírito Santo)	Brazil
country	The Frioul archipelago is a group of 4 islands located off the Mediterranean coast of France, approximately at 4 kilometres (2 miles) from Marseille.	Frioul archipelago	France
country	Pirəköcə (also, Perekedzha, Pirakëcha, and Pirekyudzha) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Pirəköcə	Azerbaijan
country	Le Nouvel Ensemble Moderne (NEM), based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, is one of the world's premier chamber orchestras specializing in contemporary classical music.	Nouvel Ensemble Moderne	Canada
country	Csurgó (formerly Somogy-Csurgó) is a town in Somogy county, Hungary.	Csurgó	Hungary
country	Ahad Beyglu (Persian: احدبيگلو‎, also Romanized as Aḩad Beyglū) is a village in Pain Barzand Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Ahad Beyglu	Iran
country	Al Dhafra Air Base (Arabic:قاعدة الظفرة الجوية) (IATA: DHF, ICAO: OMAM) is a military installation in the United Arab Emirates.	Al Dhafra Air Base	United Arab Emirates
country	Dulkuh (Persian: دول كوه‎, also Romanized as Dūlkūh) is a village in Masal Rural District, in the Central District of Masal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dulkuh	Iran
country	Mooste is a small borough in Mooste Parish, Viljandi County, Estonia.	Mooste	Estonia
country	The Jerra Jerra Creek, a perennial stream of the Murray River catchment within the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Jerra Jerra Creek	Australia
country	The Amiri Hospital is a general hospital located in the Kuwait City and it serves an estimated 400,000 patients per year.	Amiri Hospital	Kuwait
country	Darreh Qebleh (Persian: دره قبله‎) is a village in Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darreh Qebleh	Iran
country	Qeqertaq is a settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in western Greenland, located on an island off the southern shore of the Nuussuaq Peninsula in an inlet of Sullorsuaq Strait.	Qeqertaq	Greenland
country	L'Abbaye is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland, located in the Jura-Nord Vaudois district in the Vallée de Joux.	L'Abbaye	Switzerland
country	Skansen Bridge (Norwegian: Skansen jernbanebro) is a 52-meter span bascule railway bridge located at Skansen in Trondheim, Norway beside Skansen Station.	Skansen Bridge	Norway
country	Kullamaa (German: Goldenbeck) is a village in Kullamaa Parish, Lääne County, in western Estonia.	Kullamaa	Estonia
country	Khujand (Tajik: Хуҷанд, Persian: خجند‌‎‎), formerly Khodjend or Khodzhent until 1936 and Leninabad (Tajik: Ленинобод, Persian: لنین‌آباد‌‎‎) until 1991, is the second-largest city of Tajikistan and the capital of the northernmost province of Tajikistan, now called Sughd.	Khujand	Tajikistan
country	Kundziņsala is an island and neighbourhood in Daugava River in Riga, the capital of Latvia.	Kundziņsala	Latvia
country	Uddjaure is a lake in Norrbotten County, Lappland, Sweden, adjacent to Lake Hornavan.	Uddjaure	Sweden
country	Dobrava pri Črnučah (pronounced (dɔˈbɾaːʋa pɾi tʃəɾˈnuːtʃax); German: Dobrawa) is a formerly independent settlement in the northern part of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Dobrava pri Črnučah	Slovenia
country	Urlați (Romanian pronunciation: (urˈlat͡sʲ)) is a town in Prahova county, Wallachia, Romania.	Urlați	Romania
country	The Cape du Couedic Lighthouse is a lighthouse located at Cape du Couedic on Kangaroo Island, South Australia.	Cape du Couedic Lighthouse	Australia
country	Hœrdt (German: Hördt) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Hœrdt	France
country	Coste Rocks Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 23 km south of Kitimat on the south end of Coste Island.	Coste Rocks Provincial Park	Canada
country	Yarsky District (Russian: Я́рский райо́н; Udmurt: Яр ёрос) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-five in the Udmurt Republic, Russia.	Yarsky District	Russia
country	Dudeldorf is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Dudeldorf	Germany
country	Nový Bohumín, lit. ``New Bohumín'' (Polish: Nowy Bogumin) is a part of the town of Bohumín in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Nový Bohumín	Czech Republic
country	1981 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships were held in Munich, West Germany on October 17 -- 20th 1981.	1981 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships	Germany
country	Juutila Foundry is the oldest still working bell foundry in Finland.	Juutila Foundry	Finland
country	Lahti University of Applied Sciences (LUAS) (Finnish: Lahden ammattikorkeakoulu) is a multidisciplinary institution of higher professional education, formerly known as Lahti Polytechnic in Lahti, Finland.	Lahti University of Applied Sciences	Finland
country	Studnica lake (Polish: jezioro Studnica, pronounced (jɛˈʑɔrɔ studˈɲit͡sa)) is a lake located in the Gwda Valley District, in the north-west part of Poland.	Studnica lake	Poland
country	Pokojište (Cyrillic: Покојиште) is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Pokojište	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Takutu River Bridge (Portuguese: Ponte do Rio Tacutu) is a bridge across the Takutu River, linking Lethem in Guyana to Bonfim in Brazil.	Takutu River Bridge	Guyana	Brazil
country	Panilonco Aerodrome (Spanish: Aeródromo Panilonco) (ICAO: SCMU) is an aerodrome located 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north of Pichilemu, O'Higgins Region, Chile, in the Cardonal de Panilonco rural area.	Panilonco Aerodrome	Chile
country	Amursk (Russian: Аму́рск) is a town in Khabarovsk Krai, Russia, located on the left bank of the Amur River 45 kilometers (28 mi) south of Komsomolsk-on-Amur.	Amursk	Russia
country	Tripoli Zoo is a zoological garden and botanical garden in Tripoli, Libya.	Tripoli Zoo	Libya
country	Golkan-e Shahid Medani (Persian: گل كن شهيدمدني‎, also Romanized as Golkān-e Shahīd Medanī; also known as Golkān) is a village in Sangan Rural District, in the Central District of Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Golkan-e Shahid Medani	Iran
country	Chalunka is a small village in the Shyok River valley, which was on the India-Pakistan border until 1971 when Indian army officer Chewang Rinchen raised the Nubra river valley guards from local men and captured considerable territory along the valley until they got near the village Turtuk where the present border is today.	Chalunka	India
country	Greenwell Matongo is a suburb in the city of Windhoek, the capital city of Namibia.	Greenwell Matongo	Namibia
country	Khovanskoye Cemetery (Russian: Хованское кладбище), also known as Nikolo-Khovanskoye Cemetery (Николо-Хованское кладбище), is a large and expanding cemetery servicing Moscow, Russia.	Khovanskoye Cemetery	Russia
country	Santo Tomás de Castilla, also known as Matías de Gálvez is a port city in the Izabal Department, Guatemala.	Santo Tomás de Castilla	Guatemala
country	Malekabad-e Bala (Persian: ملك ابادبالا‎, also Romanized as Malekābād-e Bālā) is a village in Miandorud-e Kuchak Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Malekabad-e Bala	Iran
country	The Lakes Golf Club is one of Australia's premier golf course's, located in the suburb of Eastlakes in New South Wales.	The Lakes Golf Club	Australia
country	The Rio Grande de Mindanao, also known as the Mindanao River, is the second largest river system in the Philippines, after the Cagayan River of Luzon.	Rio Grande de Mindanao	Philippines
country	Mazraeh-ye Sheykh Jameh (Persian: مزرعه شيخ جمعه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Sheykh Jamʿeh) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 5 families.	Mazraeh-ye Sheykh Jameh	Iran
country	The Belgian railway line 124 is a railway line in Belgium connecting the cities of Brussels and Charleroi.	Belgian railway line 124	Belgium
country	Uyu Uyu (Aymara, uyu pen, yard, cemetery, the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, ``a complex of yards'', hispanicized spelling Uyo Uyo) is an archaeological site in Peru.	Uyu Uyu	Peru
country	Paranaguá (Great Round Sea, in Tupi) is a city in the state of Paraná in Brazil.	Paranaguá	Brazil
country	The RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra (previously known as The National Symphony Orchestra of Ireland and the RTÉ Symphony Orchestra) is the concert music orchestra of Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).	RTÉ National Symphony Orchestra	Ireland
country	Gelugor Highway, Federal Route comprising Jalan Gelugor and Jalan Sultan Azlan Shah is a major highway in Penang, Malaysia.	Gelugor Highway	Malaysia
country	West Coast Division is an administrative division of Sabah, east Malaysia, on the island of Borneo.	West Coast Division	Malaysia
country	Coronet Flats (also known as Coronet Court) is a residential apartment building on the corner of Brunswick Street and Elystan Road, New Farm, Queensland, Australia.	Coronet Flats	Australia
country	Vivekananda Setu (also called Willingdon Bridge and Bally Bridge) is a bridge over the Hooghly River in West Bengal, India.	Vivekananda Setu	India
country	Monday Magazine is a free arts and entertainment magazine in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.	Monday Magazine	Canada
country	Bretejovce (Hungarian: Sárosberettő or Berettő) is a village and municipality in Prešov District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Bretejovce	Slovakia
country	The Umeå Pentecostal Church (Swedish: Umeå pingstkyrka) is a church building in Umeå, Sweden, belonging to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement.	Umeå Pentecostal Church	Sweden
country	Kolonia Ostrowicka (kɔˈlɔɲa ɔstrɔˈvit͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kolonia Ostrowicka	Poland
country	The Arboretum de Calmels is a small arboretum located on the grounds of the 19th-century Château de Calmels in Lacaune, Tarn, Midi-Pyrénées, France.	Arboretum de Calmels	France
country	Tuyên Sơn Bridge (Vietnamese: cầu Tuyên Sơn) is a bridge spanning the Han River in the city of Da Nang, Vietnam.	Tuyên Sơn Bridge	Vietnam
country	Domajinci (pronounced (dɔmaˈjiːntsi); Hungarian: Dombalja, German: Todtmannsdorf, Prekmurje Slovene: Domaginci) is a village in the Municipality of Cankova in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia.	Domajinci	Slovenia
country	The Lomas de Lachay (Lachay Hills) is a national reserve in the desert foothills of Huaura Province in Lima region of Peru.	Lomas de Lachay	Peru
country	Królowe (kruˈlɔvɛ) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County and Gmina Głubczyce.	Królowe	Poland
country	Stična (pronounced (ˈstiːtʃna); in older sources also Zatičina, German: Sittich) is a village in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Stična	Slovenia
country	Taiyafeh-ye Namdar Parna (Persian: طايفه نامدارپرنا‎, also Romanized as Ţāīyafeh-ye Nāmdār Parnā) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Taiyafeh-ye Namdar Parna	Iran
country	Bălți International Airport (IATA: BZY, ICAO: LUBL), also known as Bălți-Leadoveni International Airport is one of the two airports serving the city of Bălți, Moldova.	Bălți International Airport	Moldova
country	Saulsville is a township near Atteridgeville in the City of Tshwane in the Gauteng province of South Africa.	Saulsville	South Africa
country	Assis-sur-Serre is a French commune in the department of Aisne in the Picardy region of northern France.	Assis-sur-Serre	France
country	Bioley-Magnoux is a municipality in the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois of the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.	Bioley-Magnoux	Switzerland
country	Abkosh (Persian: ابكش‎, also Romanized as Ābkosh and Ābkash) is a village in Abkosh Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Abkosh	Iran
country	Bertil Gustavsson founded the company Emtunga in 1945 in the city of Emtunga, Sweden.	Emtunga	Sweden
country	Nandeibam is a small region at the west bank of Kongba river, running about 1 km south of Kongba Market, Imphal East District, Manipur, India.	Nandeibam	India
country	Dhule is a city and a municipal corporation in Dhule District in the northwestern part of Maharashtra state, India.	Dhule	India
country	Sagopshi (Russian: Сагопши) is a rural locality (a selo) in Malgobeksky District of the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia.	Sagopshi	Russia
country	Erdeven (An Ardeven in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Erdeven	France
country	İzmir Alsancak Terminal (Turkish: Alsancak Garı) or İzmir Alsancak Railway Station in İzmir is the second-oldest railway station in Turkey, after the Kemer Railway Station (also in İzmir), being completed in 1858.	İzmir Alsancak Terminal	Turkey
country	Tószeri Stream originates at Cserhát, east of Nádújfalu in Nógrád County, Hungary at 300 metres (980 ft) above sea level.	Tószeri Stream	Hungary
country	Annerley Road is an arterial road in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Annerley Road	Australia
country	Buhoodle District (Somali: Degmada Buuhoodle) is a district of the Togdheer region in northern Somalia.	Buhoodle District	Somalia
country	Lubaga is a hill in Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest city.	Lubaga	Uganda
country	Tysovets (Ukrainian: Тисовець) is a village in Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.	Tysovets	Ukraine
country	Areza Subregion is a subregion in the Debub (Southern) region of Eritrea.	Areza Subregion	Eritrea
country	Valvettithurai or VVT (Tamil: வல்வெட்டித்துறை Valveṭṭittuṟai; Sinhalese: වල්වෙට්ටිතුරෙයි) is a town of Jaffna District on the northeast coast of the Jaffna Peninsula in Northern Province, Sri Lanka governed by an Urban Council of the same name.	Valvettithurai	Sri Lanka
country	Prahuaniyeu is a village and municipality in Río Negro Province in Argentina, located 70 kilometres (43 mi) south of Los Menucos on the Meseta de Somuncurá.	Prahuaniyeu	Argentina
country	Viveros de Coyoacán is a combination tree nursery and public park which covers 38.9 hectares in the Coyoacán borough of Mexico City.	Viveros de Coyoacán	Mexico
country	Kaisma Parish (Kaisma vald) was a municipality located in Pärnu County, Estonia.	Kaisma Parish	Estonia
country	Caleta Córdoba, also spelled Caleta Córdova, is a small village with 638 inhabitants (INDEC, 2001) located in Escalante Department in the province of Chubut, Argentina, at the Atlantic coast 16 kilometers north of Comodoro Rivadavia, an economically oil-based city in the province of Chubut.	Caleta Córdoba	Argentina
country	Breznica pod Lubnikom (pronounced (ˈbɾeːznitsa pɔd lubˈniːkɔm)) is a village in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Breznica pod Lubnikom	Slovenia
country	The Hirtshals Line or Hirtshals Railway (Danish: Hirtshalsbanen) is a 16.1 km (10.0 mi) long standard gauge single track railway line between Hjørring and Hirtshals, Denmark.	Hirtshalsbanen	Denmark
country	Mogadishu University (Arabic: جامعة مقديشو‎, Somali: Jaamacada Muqdisho) is an accredited non-governmental university in Mogadishu, Somalia.	Mogadishu University	Somalia
country	Radanja Vas (pronounced (ɾaˈdaːnja ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Radanja vas) is a small village near Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Radanja Vas	Slovenia
country	County borough is a term introduced in 1889 in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland (excluding Scotland), to refer to a borough or a city independent of county council control.	County borough	United Kingdom
country	Bettange-sur-Mess (Luxembourgish: Betten op der Mess) is a small village in the commune of Dippach, in south-western Luxembourg.	Bettange-sur-Mess	Luxembourg
country	Śliski (ˈɕliski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zatory, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Śliski	Poland
country	Kharbala (Russian: Харбала) is a rural locality (a selo), the administrative centre of and one of two settlements, in addition to Chengere, in Botulunsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia.	Kharbala	Russia
country	Ny Varberg (New Varberg) was a city founded sometime between 1429 and 1434 about five kilometres north of present-day Varberg, Sweden.	Ny Varberg	Sweden
country	Lötsjön is a small lake in Sundbyberg, a municipality north of Stockholm, Sweden.	Lötsjön	Sweden
country	Weetangera Primary School is a public coed primary school located in the suburb of Weetangera in Canberra, Australia.	Weetangera Primary School	Australia
country	The Gare d'Abbeville is a railway station serving the town of Abbeville, Somme department, in Picardy, northern France.	Gare d'Abbeville	France
country	Alec Douglas-Home, who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1963 to 1964, is buried in Coldstream.	Coldstream	United Kingdom
country	Cheriyamundam is a panchayath of Tirur Taluk in Kerala, India.	Cheriyamundam	India
country	Breivikbotn Chapel (Norwegian: Breivikbotn kapell) is a chapel in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county, Norway.	Breivikbotn Chapel	Norway
country	Monqar Pey (Persian: منقارپي‎, also Romanized as Monqār Pey) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District, Dehferi District, Fereydunkenar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Monqar Pey	Iran
country	Cleggan Bay (Irish: Cuan na Cloigeann) is a natural ocean bay in County Galway, Republic of Ireland.	Cleggan Bay	Ireland
country	Abohar is famous for being one of the biggest cotton producing belt in whole north India and production of a citrus fruit named kinno.	Abohar	India
country	The Linesøy Bridge is a cantilever bridge and causeway which connects the islands of Linesøya and Stokkøya in Åfjord, Norway.	Linesøy Bridge	Norway
country	Challhuahuacho District is one of the six districts of the province Cotabambas in Peru-the town has 1500 inhabitants with another 6000 in the surrounding area of Challhuahuacho.	Challhuahuacho District	Peru
country	Domaine Ponsot is a wine producer in Burgundy, France that produces white and red wine.	Domaine Ponsot	France
country	Cheshmeh-ye Ziru (Persian: چشمه زيرو‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye Zīrū) is a village in Asfyj Rural District, Asfyj District, Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Ziru	Iran
country	Feraoun is a town in the province of Béjaïa in northern Algeria.	Feraoun	Algeria
country	Tourcoing (French pronunciation: ​(tuʁ.kwɛ̃)) is a city in northern France.	Tourcoing	France
country	The Warsaw School of Economics (SGH) is the oldest business school of university standing in Poland.	Warsaw School of Economics	Poland
country	Plottier is a city located in the Confluencia Department, in Neuquén Province, Argentina.	Plottier	Argentina
country	Niyarak (Persian: نيارك‎‎, also Romanized as Nīyārak, Nīārak, Neyarak, Niaraki and Nīarīk) is a village in Niyarak Rural District, Tarom Sofla District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Niyarak	Iran
country	In the India census of 2011, Kopargaon was recorded to have a population of 250,000.	Kopargaon	India
country	The Jáchal River is a river in the province of San Juan, Argentina.	Jáchal River	Argentina
country	Borów Wielki (ˈbɔruf ˈvjɛlki) (German: Großenborau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasteczko, within Nowa Sól County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Borów Wielki	Poland
country	The Collegiata di San Michele Arcangelo, translated as Collegiate Church of St Michael Archangel, is a richly decorated, Baroque style, Roman Catholic church in Solofra, Province of Avellino, Italy.	Collegiata di San Michele Arcangelo	Italy
country	Glanusk Park is an estate in Wales, United Kingdom.	Glanusk Park	United Kingdom
country	Sangdevin (Persian: سنگدوين‎, also Romanized as Sangdevīn) is a village in Katul Rural District, in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sangdevin	Iran
country	Ashtijeh (Persian: اشتيجه‎, also Romanized as Ashtījeh; also known as Ashnījeh, Ashtejeh, and Eshījeh) is a village in Narestan Rural District, Aqda District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ashtijeh	Iran
country	Saulx-les-Chartreux is a commune in the Essonne department in the southern suburbs of Paris, France.	Saulx-les-Chartreux	France
country	Karawal Nagar is a census town in North East Delhi, India.	Karawal Nagar	India
country	Dan-Barto is a village and rural commune in Niger.	Dan-Barto	Niger
country	Sydney United Sports Centre, formerly known as Sydney Croatia Sports Centre and King Tomislav Park is a multi-use stadium in Edensor Park, Sydney, Australia.	Sydney United Sports Centre	Australia
country	Bellewaerde is a theme park in the West-Flemish countryside at Zonnebeke near Ypres (Belgium).	Bellewaerde	Belgium
country	Zdzieszulice Górne (zd͡ʑɛʂuˈlʲit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Zdzieszulice Górne	Poland
country	The Baken diamond mine is a diamond mine located along the lower Orange River in South Africa.	Baken diamond mine	South Africa
country	Saint-Amand-les-Eaux (French pronunciation: ​(sɛ̃.ta.mɑ̃.lɛ.z‿o) ; Flemish: Sint-Amands-aan-de-Skarpe) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France on the Scarpe river.	Saint-Amand-les-Eaux	France
country	Dolenje Otave (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ ɔˈtaːʋɛ)) is a small village in the hills northeast of Begunje in the Municipality of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Dolenje Otave	Slovenia
country	Ponin (ˈpɔnin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościan, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Ponin	Poland
country	Impur is a town and an assembly constituency in Nagaland, India.	Impur	India
country	Gasherbrum III (Urdu: گاشر برم -3‎; simplified Chinese: 加舒尔布鲁木III峰; traditional Chinese: 加舒爾布魯木III峰; pinyin: Jiāshūěrbùlǔmù III Fēng) is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh, a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Xinjiang, China and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Gasherbrum III	Pakistan
country	Tlamim (Hebrew: תְּלָמִים, lit. Furrows) is a moshav in southern Israel in Hevel Lakhish.	Tlamim	Israel
country	Pepa Airport (ICAO: FZRJ) is an airstrip near the village of Pepa in Katanga Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Pepa Airport	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Khidistavi (Georgian: ხიდისთავი) is a village in the Chokhatauri district of Georgia.	Khidistavi	Georgia
country	The Sextener Rotwand (Italian: Croda Rossa di Sesto; German: Sextener Rotwand) or Zehner is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol, Italy.	Sextener Rotwand	Italy
country	The Ishkashim Important Bird Area, also spelt Ishkoshim, is a 1136 km2 tract of land in south-western Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province in eastern Tajikistan.	Ishkashim Important Bird Area	Tajikistan
country	Lake Liscia (Italian: Lago Liscia) is an artificial lake, in northern Sardinia, Italy, located between the municipalities of Sant'Antonio di Gallura, Luras, Arzachena and Luogosanto, in the Gallura region.	Lake Liscia	Italy
country	Mersin Halkevi is a building in Mersin, Turkey originally built within the scope of the project Halkevleri, but currently used as a cultural center and opera house.	Mersin Halkevi	Turkey
country	Takaono Dam (Japanese: 高尾野ダム) is a dam in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan, completed in 1966.	Takaono Dam	Japan
country	Vasylivka (Ukrainian: Василівка) is a city in Zaporizhia Oblast (province) in southern Ukraine.	Vasylivka	Ukraine
country	Trebujena is a city located in the province of Cádiz, southern Spain.	Trebujena	Spain
country	Graylands Hospital is Western Australia's largest mental health inpatient facility, and the only public stand-alone psychiatric teaching hospital.	Graylands Hospital	Australia
country	The Volturno (ancient Latin name Volturnus, from volvere, to roll) is a river in south-central Italy.	Volturno	Italy
country	Palak is one of the 51 union councils of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Palak	Pakistan
country	GB Glace (originally Glace-Bolaget until 1991) is the largest ice cream company in Sweden.	GB Glace	Sweden
country	The Durban International Film Festival (DIFF) is an annual film festival that takes place in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal province, South Africa.	Durban International Film Festival	South Africa
country	Börje Church (Swedish: Börje kyrka) is a Lutheran church in the Archdiocese of Uppsala in Uppsala County, Sweden, located west of Uppsala.	Börje Church	Sweden
country	The Ceann Comhairle (Irish pronunciation: (caːn̪ˠ ˈkoːɾʲlʲə), ``head of the council'') is the chairperson (or speaker) of Dáil Éireann, the lower house of the Oireachtas (parliament) of Ireland.	Ceann Comhairle	Ireland
country	The Newcastle Argus and District Advertiser was an English language newspaper published in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia in the early 20th century.	The Newcastle Argus and District Advertiser	Australia
country	Susahab (سوسهاب, also Romanized as Sūsahāb; also known as Susava) is a village in the Khalkhal county, Ardebil Province, Iran.	Susahab	Iran
country	The Kyjov Hills (in Czech, Kyjovská pahorkatina) is an area in the South Moravian part of the Czech Republic.	Kyjov Hills	Czech Republic
country	Lake Sampaloc is an inactive volcanic maar on the island of Luzon, the Philippines.	Lake Sampaloc	Philippines
country	Sithivinayagar Vidyalayam (Tamil: சித்திவிநாயகர் வித்தியாலயம் Cittivināyakar Vittiyālayam) is a provincial school in Point Pedro, Sri Lanka.	Sithivinayagar Vidyalayam	Sri Lanka
country	Laqan (Persian: لاقان‎, also Romanized as Lāqān) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Laqan	Iran
country	L'Amoreaux is a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, situated east of Victoria Park Avenue, south of McNicoll Avenue, west of Kennedy Road and north of Huntingwood Drive.	L'Amoreaux	Canada
country	Funk Island is a small, barren, isolated, uninhabited island approximately 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of Wesleyville, Newfoundland, Canada.	Funk Island	Canada
country	Cochin University of Science and Technology (CUSAT) is a government-owned autonomous science and technology university in Cochin, Kerala, India.	Cochin University of Science and Technology	India
country	The Hungarian Women's Cup is the annual cup competition of women's football teams in Hungary.	Hungarian Women's Cup	Hungary
country	Sidoktaya is one of the oldest ancient towns in Myanmar.	Sidoktaya	Myanmar
country	As one of the first museums in the Netherlands the Stedelijk Museum Kampen uses this kind of multimedia tour.	Stedelijk Museum Kampen	Netherlands
country	Erzelj (pronounced (ɛɾˈzɛl)) is a village in the hills west of Vipava in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Erzelj	Slovenia
country	Most common surnames in County Fermanagh at the time of the United Kingdom Census of 1901: 1.	County Fermanagh	United Kingdom
country	Waterford Lake is the main water supply for New Waterford, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Waterford Lake	Canada
country	Qardaha District (Arabic: منطقة القرداحة, translit.: manṭiqat al-Qardāḥah) is a district of the Latakia Governorate in northwestern Syria.	Qardaha District	Syria
country	Wyczechy (vɨˈt͡ʂɛxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarne, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wyczechy	Poland
country	Marpalle is a village and a Mandal in Rangareddi district in the state of Telangana in India.	Marpalle	India
country	Route Adélie de Vitré is a single-day road bicycle race held annually in April in a circuit around Vitré, France.	Route Adélie	France
country	Pakashticë (Serbian: Пакаштица, Pakaštica) is a village in north-eastern Kosovo, in the north of the municipality of Podujevo.	Pakashticë	Kosovo
country	Orepuki in Southland, New Zealand is a small country township on the coast of Te Waewae Bay some 20 minutes from Riverton, 15 minutes from Tuatapere and 50 minutes from Invercargill that sits at the foot of the Longwood Range.	Orepuki	New Zealand
country	Ngovayang is the site of a potential iron ore mine in north-central Cameroon.	Ngovayang	Cameroon
country	During the Italian Campaign of World War II, the Barbara Line was a series of German military fortifications in Italy, some 10--20 mi (16--32 km) south of the Gustav Line, from Colli al Volturno to the Adriatic Coast in San Salvo and a similar distance north of the Volturno Line.	Barbara Line	Italy
country	Nagalama, whose correct phonetic spelling is Naggalama is a town in Uganda's Central Region.	Nagalama	Uganda
country	The Arboretum du Puy du Fou is an arboretum within the Grand Parc du Puy du Fou, a theme park located on La Papinière, Les Epesses, Vendée, Pays de la Loire, France.	Arboretum du Puy du Fou	France
country	Grudge Records was the Australian record label for Universal Music Australia that mostly promoted Australian rock artists, such as Grinspoon, Skunkhour, and Powderfinger.	Grudge Records	Australia
country	Shogran (Urdu: شوگران ‎) is a hill station situated on a green plateau in the Kaghan Valley, northern Pakistan at a height of 7,749 feet or 2,362 metres above sea level.	Shogran	Pakistan
country	Yaghian (Persian: ياغيان‎, also Romanized as Yāghīān) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yaghian	Iran
country	Tomb KV39 in Egypt's Valley of the Kings is one of the possible locations of the tomb of Pharaoh Amenhotep I. It is located high in the cliffs, away from the main valley bottom and other royal burials.	KV39	Egypt
country	Štajngrova (pronounced (ˈʃtaːi̯nɡɾɔʋa)) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice) in the Municipality of Benedikt in northeastern Slovenia.	Štajngrova	Slovenia
country	Beringin Airport (ICAO: WAOM) (Indonesian: Bandar Udara Beringin) is an airport in Muara Teweh, the capital city of the North Barito Regency in Central Kalimantan, Indonesia.	Beringin Airport	Indonesia
country	Lake Kubenskoye (Russian: Кубенское озеро) is a large and shallow lake in Vologda Oblast of Russia, situated at the height of 109 metres above mean sea level, stretching for 60 km from north-west to south-east.	Lake Kubenskoye	Russia
country	The Gare de Chambly (Chambly station) is a railway station located 500 metres from the centre of the commune of Chambly (Oise department), France.	Gare de Chambly	France
country	Sarband District or Nohiya-i Sarband (Tajik: Ноҳияи Сарбанд/Persian: ناحیۀ سربند‎) is a district in Khatlon province, Tajikistan.	Sarband District	Tajikistan
country	The Redlbach is a stream in Upper Austria with a width of 5 metres and a length of approximately 10 kilometres.	Redlbach	Austria
country	Warner Bros. Movie World (more commonly referred to as Movie World) is a popular movie related theme park on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Warner Bros. Movie World	Australia
country	Warszawa Reduta Ordona railway station is a railway station that lies between the Ochota and Wola districts of Warsaw, Poland.	Warszawa Reduta Ordona railway station	Poland
country	The Islamic Coalition Party (Persian: حزب مؤتلفه اسلامی‎‎) is a conservative Islamist political party in Iran.	Islamic Coalition Party	Iran
country	The Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport Access MRT System, commonly known as the Taoyuan International Airport MRT, is a rapid transit system planned to connect Taipei City and Taipei Taoyuan International Airport, before linking up with the Taoyuan MRT to THSR Taoyuan Station and onwards to Zhongli.	Taoyuan International Airport MRT	Taiwan
country	The Nossa Senhora da Graça Fort, officially Conde de Lippe Fort and known historically as La Lippe, is a fort in the village of Alcáçova, about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) north of the town of Elvas in the Portalegre District of Portugal.	Nossa Senhora da Graça Fort	Portugal
country	One Arrow First Nation is a Cree First Nation band government in Bellevue, Saskatchewan, Canada.	One Arrow First Nation	Canada
country	Cambrai-Niergnies Airport (ICAO: LFYG) is a regional airport in France, located 3 miles (4.8 km) south-southeast of Cambrai; 100 miles (160 km) north-northeast of Paris It supports general aviation with no commercial airline service scheduled.	Cambrai-Niergnies Airport	France
country	Zasa parish (Latvian: Zasas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Jēkabpils Municipality, Latvia.	Zasa parish	Latvia
country	Burg Bruck is a medieval castle in Lienz in Tyrol, Austria.	Burg Bruck	Austria
country	The Târnava Mare River (``Big Târnava''; Hungarian: Nagy-Küküllő; German: Große Kokel) is a river in Romania.	Târnava Mare	Romania
country	Samsun is a city with a population over half a million people on the north coast of Turkey.	Samsun	Turkey
country	Otolo is a town in Nnewi North, Anambra State, Nigeria.	Otolo	Nigeria
country	Kendriya Vidyalaya Malleswaram, is a school in Bangalore, India and one of the school under the group known as the Kendriya Vidyalayas, a system of central government schools under the Ministry of Human Resource Development (India).	Kendriya Vidyalaya Malleswaram	India
country	The Hawthorn Arts Centre (formerly the Hawthorn Town Hall) is a former civic building located in Hawthorn, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia.	Hawthorn Arts Centre	Australia
country	Zencap is a multinational company, operating a peer-to-peer lending platform, which allows private savers to lend money directly to small and medium sized businesses in Germany, Spain, and the Netherlands.	Zencap	Germany
country	Bor Airport (Serbian Аеродром Бор, Serbian Latin alphabet: Aerodrom Bor) is an airport near the town of Bor, Serbia and 13 km far from town Zaječar, Serbia.	Bor Airport	Serbia
country	Cape Beale Lightstation is an active manned lighthouse on Vancouver Island in British Columbia., Canada.	Cape Beale Light	Canada
country	Karinhegane is an archaeological site in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Karinhegane	Somalia
country	Yeni Şərif (also, Sharif and Sharifoba) is a village and municipality in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yeni Şərif	Azerbaijan
country	Marromeu is a town in central Mozambique on the south side of the Zambezi River.	Marromeu	Mozambique
country	Sarıyer Spor Kulübü or Sarıyer S.K. is a sports club located in Sarıyer, Istanbul, Turkey.	Sarıyer S.K.	Turkey
country	Kazerun Ceramic Tile Company (Persian: كارخانه كاشي وسراميك كازرون‎ &nadsh; Kārkhāneh-ye Kāshī va Serāmīk-e Kāzerūn) is a village and company town in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kazerun Ceramic Tile Company	Iran
country	Hafik is a town and a district of Sivas Province of Turkey.	Hafik	Turkey
country	Bihembe is a village in the Commune of Bubanza in Bubanza Province in north western Burundi.	Bihembe	Burundi
country	Conda Canton is one of the cantons of the Pocona Municipality, the third municipal section of the Carrasco Province in the Cochabamba Department in central Bolivia.	Conda Canton	Bolivia
country	Sree Sundareswara Temple is located in the Kannur district of Kerala, India.	Sree Sundareswara Temple	India
country	Ain Zohra (Amazigh: Ayn Zuhra, ⴰⵢⵏ ⵣⵓⵀⵔⴰ, Arabic: عين الزهراء) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco.	Ain Zohra	Morocco
country	The Jameh Mosque of Saveh (Persian: مسجد جامع ساوه‎ -- Masjid-e-Jāmeh Sāveh) is a Seljuk-era mosque, located in Saveh, Iran.	Jameh Mosque of Saveh	Iran
country	Abu Ghoveyr (Persian: ابوغوير‎, also Romanized as Abū Ghoveyr and Abūghovīr; also known as Abū Ghūyer, Abu Qoveyr, and Abū Qūyer) is a village in Abu Ghoveyr Rural District, Musian District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Abu Ghoveyr	Iran
country	Wycześniak (vɨˈt͡ʂɛɕɲak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wycześniak	Poland
country	Børselva (Northern Sami: Bissojohka, Kven: Pyssyjoki) is a river in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Børselva	Norway
country	Negreira is a municipality in northwestern Spain in the province of A Coruña, located on the Tambre River, in the autonomous community of Galicia.	Negreira	Spain
country	Umm Al Sheif (Arabic: ام الشيف‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Umm Al Sheif	United Arab Emirates
country	The 2010 French motorcycle Grand Prix, officially the Monster Energy Grand Prix de France, was the third round of the 2010 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.	2010 French motorcycle Grand Prix	France
country	Bokissa is a very small island in the South Pacific island nation of Vanuatu located 10 km (6 mi) south of Espiritu Santo.	Bokissa	Vanuatu
country	Dunavac (Serbian Cyrillic: Дунавац) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Dunavac	Serbia
country	Ashesi University is a private, non-profit liberal arts college located in Ghana, West Africa.	Ashesi University	Ghana
country	The Tuatapere Branch, including the Orawia Branch, was a branch line railway in Southland, New Zealand.	Tuatapere Branch	New Zealand
country	The Zegrze Fortress (Polish: Twierdza Zegrze) is a military structure located in Zegrze, Poland, on a high escarpment over the Narew River.	Zegrze Fortress	Poland
country	Nieder-Isenburg (often called Lower Isenburg) was a small mediaeval County in northern Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Nieder-Isenburg	Germany
country	The Tampere Music Festivals organises three music events in the city of Tampere, Finland.	Tampere Music Festivals	Finland
country	St Vincent Place is a heritage precinct in Albert Park, Victoria, Australia.	St Vincent Place	Australia
country	The Letlhakane mine is a large uranium mine located in the eastern part of Botswana in Central District.	Letlhakane mine	Botswana
country	Avarua (meaning ``Two Harbors'' in Cook Islands Māori) is a town and district in the north of the island of Rarotonga, and is the national capital of the Cook Islands.	Avarua	Cook Islands
country	Qurnet Murai is a necropolis located on the West Bank of the Nile at Thebes, Egypt, just to the south of Sheikh Abd el-Qurna.	Qurnet Murai	Egypt
country	Lakhish Regional Council (Hebrew: מועצה אזורית לכיש‎, Mo'atza Azorit Lakhish) is a regional council in the South District of Israel.	Lakhish Regional Council	Israel
country	Zirkeyk (Persian: زيركيك‎, also Romanized as Zīrkeyk; also known as Ganzerīg, Genizī Zīrīk, and Zīnkīk) is a village in Irandegan Rural District, Irandegan District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Zirkeyk	Iran
country	31 Senior High School Jakarta or Sekolah Menengah Atas (SMA) Negeri 31 Jakarta is one of the Public Schools in the Province of DKI Jakarta, Indonesia.	31 Senior High School Jakarta	Indonesia
country	Seine-et-Oise was a département of France encompassing the western, northern, and southern parts of the metropolitan area of Paris.	Seine-et-Oise	France
country	Kalateh-ye Gol (Persian: كلاته گل‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Gol) is a village in Shirin Darreh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Gol	Iran
country	Melangguane Airport, aka Melonguane Airport (Indonesian: Bandara Melonguane) (IATA: MNA, ICAO: WAMN), is an airport serving the city of Melonguane, located within the Talaud Islands Regency, part of the province of North Sulawesi on the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia.	Melangguane Airport	Indonesia
country	In September 2011 the Israel Defense Forces established a base near Esh Kodesh On 23 September 2011, Israeli security forces were called in to break up a clash between the settlers and a group of 300 villagers from Qusra.	Esh Kodesh	Israel
country	Pointe-Taillon National Park (Parc national de la Pointe-Taillon) is a national park of Quebec, Canada.	Pointe-Taillon National Park	Canada
country	Lutomia Mała (luˈtɔmja ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Lutomia Mała	Poland
country	DAV Public School, Unit-8, Bhubaneswar is a co-educational school in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India.	DAV Public School, Unit-8, Bhubaneswar	India
country	The Mad Dash is a television game show created by Sidney M. Cohen which first appeared in 1978 on Canada's CTV network and ran until 1985.	The Mad Dash	Canada
country	Trzebania (tʂɛˈbaɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Trzebania	Poland
country	The Sybarites who managed to flee then founded Sybaris on the Traeis a short time after 444 BC. The city was destroyed by the Bruttii not long after their emergence as an ethnic group in 356/355 BC. In the present day the Trionto river flows through the Province of Cosenza in Calabria, Italy.	Sybaris on the Traeis	Italy
country	Kalvskinnet is an area of Trondheim, Norway, southwest of the city centre of Midtbyen, bordering the river Nidelva in the south.	Kalvskinnet	Norway
country	Daminah al-Gharbiyah (Arabic: دمينة الغربية‎, also spelled Dumaynah Gharbiyah) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Daminah al-Gharbiyah	Syria
country	Kalamaria Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Kalamaria, a district of Thessaloniki, in Greece.	Kalamaria Stadium	Greece
country	Tli or Tlia is a settlement in the Dzau district of South Ossetia, a region of Georgia whose sovereignty is disputed.	Tli	Georgia
country	Munkbrogatan (Swedish: ``Monk's Bridge Street'') is a street in the western part of Gamla stan, the old town in central Stockholm, Sweden.	Munkbrogatan	Sweden
country	Ostrów Królewski (ˈɔstruf kruˈlɛfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzezawa, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ostrów Królewski	Poland
country	Orán Airport (IATA: ORA, ICAO: SASO) is an airport serving Orán, Salta, Argentina.	Orán Airport	Argentina
country	Dunbarton High School is located in Pickering, Ontario, Canada, and is part of the Durham District School Board.	Dunbarton High School	Canada
country	Bieglów (ˈbjɛɡluf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnocin, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bieglów	Poland
country	Brest City Park is an urban public park in Brest, Belarus.	Brest City Park	Belarus
country	Svanemølle Power Station (Danish: Svanemølleværket) is a natural gas fueled combined heat and power station located at the south side of Svanemølle Bay in the Nordhavnen of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Svanemølle Power Station	Denmark
country	Gazomka (ɡaˈzɔmka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gazomka	Poland
country	Krechevitsy (Russian: Кречевицы) is a microdistrict (since 2004) of the city of Veliky Novgorod, Russia.	Krechevitsy	Russia
country	Mount Bozgush, Bozqush or Bozqush Kuh is a 3,306 metres (10,846 ft) volcanic mountain 20 km (10 mi) south of Sarab and north of Mianeh, East Azarbaijan Province, Iran.	Mount Bozgush	Iran
country	Port de Larrau (Puerto de Larrau) (elevation 1,578 m (5,177 ft)) is a mountain pass on the France --	Port de Larrau	France
country	Gulvand (Persian: گولوند‎, also Romanized as Gūlvand and Goolvand; also known as Golband, Golvandeh, Gulband, and Gūlbeh) is a village in Kuh Sardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Gulvand	Iran
country	Dizgeran-e Sofla (Persian: ديزگران سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dīzgerān-e Soflá; also known as Dīzgerān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dizgeran-e Sofla	Iran
country	Chahar Shamin (Persian: چهارشمين‎, also Romanized as Chahār Shamīn) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chahar Shamin	Iran
country	Oligyrtos (Greek: Ολίγυρτος) is a mountain located at the junction of Arcadia, Corinthia and Argolis in the northeastern Peloponnese in Greece.	Oligyrtos	Greece
country	Vashian-e Takht Shir (Persian: واشيان تخت شير‎‎, also Romanized as Vāshīān-e Takht Shīr; also known as Takht Shīr-e Vāshīān and Vāshīān) is a village in Miyankuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Vashian-e Takht Shir	Iran
country	Los Roques archipelago is a federal dependency of Venezuela consisting of approximately 350 islands, cays, and islets in a total area of 40.61 square kilometers.	Los Roques archipelago	Venezuela
country	The Platz des Unsichtbaren Mahnmals - or in English, the Place of the Invisible Memorial - is a memorial to the Jewish cemeteries that existed until 1933 in Germany.	Platz des Unsichtbaren Mahnmals	Germany
country	The Liard Highway, designated Highway 77 in British Columbia and Highway 7 in the Northwest Territories, is a highway in Canada which forms the sole road connection between B.C. and the Northwest Territories.	Liard Highway	Canada
country	Roquetes is a municipality in the comarca of Baix Ebre, in the province of Tarragona, in Catalonia, Spain.	Roquetes	Spain
country	Korođ or Korog (Hungarian: Kórógy) is a village in the municipality of Tordinci, Vukovar-Srijem County, Croatia.	Korođ	Croatia
country	Algonquin College of Applied Arts and Technology is a publicly funded English-language college and member of Polytechnics Canada located in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Algonquin College	Canada
country	Kfarhata ( known also as Kfar Hata, Kafrhata, Arabic: كفرحاتا‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon.	Kfarhata	Lebanon
country	Əlicanlı (also, Alidzhamli, Alidzhanli, and Alidzhanly) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əlicanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Sukerijärvi Strict Nature Reserve (Sukerijärven luonnonpuisto) is a strict nature reserve located in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland.	Sukerijärvi Strict Nature Reserve	Finland
country	The Priestley 11 are eleven law subjects required to be successfully completed for candidate status for admission into practice as a legal practitioner in Australia.	Priestley 11	Australia
country	Debre Marqos Airport is an airport at Debre Marqos, Ethiopia (IATA: DBM, ICAO: HADM).	Debre Marqos Airport	Ethiopia
country	The Nobelhuis is a house located in the Nobelstraat in The Hague, the Netherlands.	Nobelhuis	Netherlands
country	Ali Sheykh (Persian: علي شيخ‎, also Romanized as Alī Sheykh and ``Alī Sheykh) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 210, in 49 families.	Ali Sheykh	Iran
country	Tazeh Kand-e Rezaabad (Persian: تازه كندرضااباد‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Reẕāābād; also known as Reẕāābād) is a village in Kalkharan Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Rezaabad	Iran
country	Breg pri Litiji (German: Rann) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Breg pri Litiji	Slovenia
country	Vidlič (Cyrillic: Видлич) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bulgaria, near the town of Pirot.	Vidlič	Serbia
country	Nowa Wieś Rzeczna (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈʐɛt͡ʂna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Rzeczna	Poland
country	Adh Dhagharir is a village in Jizan Province, in south-western Saudi Arabia.	Adh Dhagharir	Saudi Arabia
country	Baba Eskandar (Persian: بابااسكندر‎, also Romanized as Bābā Eskandar) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sarpol Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baba Eskandar	Iran
country	Longjing Station (Chinese: 龍井車站; pinyin: Lóngjǐng Chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration (TRA) Western Line (Coast Line) located in Longjing District, Taichung, Taiwan.	Longjing Station	Taiwan
country	Thanjavur Air Force Station (IATA: TJV, ICAO: VOTJ) of the Indian Air Force (IAF) is located in Thanjavur (also known as Tanjore) in Tamil Nadu, India.	Thanjavur Air Force Station	India
country	The Tishrin Dam (Arabic: سد تشرين‎, translit. Sadd Tišrīn, literally October Dam) is a dam on the Euphrates, located 90 kilometres (56 mi) east of Aleppo in Aleppo Governorate, Syria.	Tishrin Dam	Syria
country	Huon Peninsula is a large rugged peninsula on the island of New Guinea in Morobe Province, eastern Papua New Guinea.	Huon Peninsula	Papua New Guinea
country	GIST (Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology) is a leading research university located in Gwangju, South Korea.	Gwangju Institute of Science and Technology	South Korea
country	Sar Kaj (Persian: سركاج‎, also Romanized as Sar Kāj and Sarkaj) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sar Kaj	Iran
country	Nkoroo is a town in the Bonny territory of Rivers State, Nigeria.	Nkoroo	Nigeria
country	The CBC Ottawa Broadcast Centre is located on Sparks Street in downtown Ottawa, Ontario, Canada and is home to the head office of the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the CBC's various English and French language operations in the National Capital Region.	CBC Ottawa Broadcast Centre	Canada
country	Janakpur Airport (literally Mithila Airport)(IATA: JKR, ICAO: VNJP) is an airport serving Janakpur, a city in Mithila region of Nepal and the administrative headquarters of the Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone in Nepal.	Janakpur Airport	Nepal
country	Prince of Wales on the Rideau is an affluent neighbourhood in Carleton Heights, River Ward, and Wellsmere Court in the west-end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Prince of Wales on the Rideau	Canada
country	The Christian Democratic Employees' Association (Christlich-Demokratische Arbeitnehmerschaft) (CDA) is an association connected with the Christian Democratic Union (Germany) with the substantive focus on ``social policy''.	Christian Democratic Employees' Association	Germany
country	Póvoa de Varzim City Hall (Portuguese: Câmara Municipal da Póvoa de Varzim) is the seat of government of the municipality of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Póvoa de Varzim City Hall	Portugal
country	The Mratinje Dam is a concrete arch dam in the canyon of the Piva River in Montenegro.	Mratinje Dam	Montenegro
country	The Baluarte River, (Rio del Baluarte) is a river of Mexico.	Baluarte River	Mexico
country	Pleterje Charterhouse (Slovene: Kartuzijanski samostan Pleterje; German: Kartause Plettriach, also Pleterjach, Pletriach, or Pleteriach) is a Carthusian monastery, or charterhouse, in the village of Drča near Šentjernej in Slovenia, the only extant monastery of that order in the country.	Pleterje Charterhouse	Slovenia
country	Promna-Kolonia (ˈprɔmna kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Promna-Kolonia	Poland
country	U Minh Thượng National Park or National Park of Upper U Minh (Vietnamese language: Vườn quốc gia U Minh Thượng) is a national park in the province of Kiên Giang, Vietnam.	U Minh Thượng National Park	Vietnam
country	St. Peter's Church, Straubing, is a Romanesque basilica in Straubing, Germany.	St. Peter's Church, Straubing	Germany
country	Varberg Church (Swedish: Varbergs kyrka) is situated at the marketplace in Varberg, Halland County, Sweden.	Varberg Church	Sweden
country	Raadvad, or Rådvad is a former industrial development located on both sides of the Mølleåen river which at this point marks the border between Lyngby-Taarbæk and Rudersdal municipalities in the northern subburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Raadvad	Denmark
country	Nexø, sometimes spelled Neksø, is a town on the east coast of the Baltic island of Bornholm, Denmark.	Nexø	Denmark
country	Louterwater is a town in Sarah Baartman District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, located between Joubertina and Misgund on the R62 road.	Louterwater	South Africa
country	Sarab-e Rajab (Persian: سراب رجب‎‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Rajab) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Rajab	Iran
country	Madan Qaleh (Persian: معدن قلعه‎, also Romanized as Ma``dan Qal``eh and Ma``dan-e Qal``eh) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families.	Madan Qaleh	Iran
country	Siwkowo (ɕifˈkɔvɔ) (German Heinrichshof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stargard Szczeciński, within Stargard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Siwkowo	Poland
country	The Grootegeluk Coal Mine is an open cast coal mine within the Waterberg Coalfield of the Limpopo province of South Africa.	Grootegeluk Coal Mine	South Africa
country	Cerro Miscanti is a mountain located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile, immediately south of Chiliques and north of Miñiques.	Cerro Miscanti	Chile
country	Parteš (Serbian Cyrillic: Партеш, Albanian: Partesh) is a town and municipality in the District of Gjilan of Kosovo.	Parteš	Kosovo
country	Ljubež v Lazih (German: Lubesch) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia.	Ljubež v Lazih	Slovenia
country	Zirkuh (Persian: زيركوه‎, also Romanized as Zīrkūh) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Zirkuh	Iran
country	Vibhavadi Rangsit Road (Thai: ถนนวิภาวดีรังสิต) or Thailand Route 31, often informally called Vibhavadi Road (Thai: ถนนวิภาวดี), is a highway in Thailand.	Vibhavadi Rangsit Road	Thailand
country	Karam Javan (Persian: كرم جوان‎, also Romanized as Karam Javān; also known as Karīmjavān) is a village in Baruq Rural District, in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Karam Javan	Iran
country	Śladków Duży (ˈɕlatkuf ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chmielnik, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Śladków Duży	Poland
country	Sethusamudram Shipping Canal Project (Tamil: சேதுக்கால்வாய் திட்டம், Cētukkālwāi Tiṭṭam ?) is a proposed project to create a shipping route in the shallow straits between India and Sri Lanka.	Sethusamudram Shipping Canal Project	India
country	Majhira Cantonment, also known historically as Bogra Cantonment, is a cantonment about 10 kilometers south of Bogra town in northern Bangladesh.	Bogra Cantonment	Bangladesh
country	Korolevo (Ukrainian: Королево, Hungarian: Királyháza) is an urban type settlement on the Tisza River in Vynohradiv Raion, Zakarpattia Oblast, Ukraine.	Korolevo	Ukraine
country	Jacobabad or Khangarh (Sindhi: جیکب آباد‎) is a city in Sindh, Pakistan, serving as both the capital city of Jacobabad District and the administrative centre of Jacobabad Taluka, an administrative subdivision of the district.	Jacobabad	Pakistan
country	Locmalo (Breton: Lokmac'hloù) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Locmalo	France
country	Tverråga is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county, Norway.	Tverråga	Norway
country	The 1930 Salmas earthquake occurred on May 7 at 01:34:26 IRST in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	1930 Salmas earthquake	Iran
country	Lewinko (lɛˈvinkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lewinko	Poland
country	Kelabaruk (Persian: كلابروك‎, also Romanized as Kelābarūk) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Kelabaruk	Iran
country	The Canton of Darney is a rural French administrative and electoral grouping of communes in the Vosges département of eastern France and in the region of Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine.	Canton of Darney	France
country	Dasht-e Kalusi (Persian: دشت كالوسي‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Kālūsī) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Kalusi	Iran
country	Vanard is a community on the island of Saint Lucia; it is located towards the heart of the island, near Sarot.	Vanard	Saint Lucia
country	Poborcze (pɔˈbɔrt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Poborcze	Poland
country	Kiryat Yam (Hebrew: קִרְיַת יָם, lit. Sea Town; Arabic: كريات يام‎) is a town in the Haifa Bay district of Israel, 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of Haifa.	Kiryat Yam	Israel
country	Grodysławice-Kolonia (ɡrɔdɨswaˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Grodysławice-Kolonia	Poland
country	Dęborzyce (dɛmbɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pniewy, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dęborzyce	Poland
country	The Nordderby or North derby is a match between Hamburger SV and Werder Bremen, the two most successful and popular clubs in Northern Germany.	Nordderby	Germany
country	Ketzin (official name: Ketzin/Havel) is a town in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Ketzin	Germany
country	Asian Highway 2 (AH2) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 13,177 kilometres (8,188 mi) from Denpasar, Indonesia to Merak and Singapore to Khosravi, Iran.	AH2	Indonesia	Singapore	Iran
country	Chanibeh-ye Yek (Persian: چنيبه يك‎, also Romanized as Chanībeh-ye Yek) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chanibeh-ye Yek	Iran
country	Vettismorki is an old mountain farm located just above the waterfall Vettisfossen in the Utladalen valley in the municipality of Årdal, Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Vettismorki	Norway
country	Količevo (pronounced (kɔˈliːtʃɛʋɔ)) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kamnik Bistrica River north of Domžale in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Količevo	Slovenia
country	Tuti Island (also spelled Tutti Island) is an island in Sudan where the White Nile and Blue Nile merge to form the main Nile.	Tuti Island	Sudan
country	Špišić Bukovica is a municipality in Croatia in the Virovitica--	Špišić Bukovica	Croatia
country	Lasva is a village in Võru County in southeastern Estonia.	Lasva	Estonia
country	Qareh Qoli (Persian: قره قلي‎, also Romanized as Qareh Qolī; also known as Kalāteh-ye Qanbar Qarāqolī) is a village in Robat Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qareh Qoli	Iran
country	Chongoyape District is one of twenty districts of the province Chiclayo in Peru, located in the Department of Lambayeque, under the administration of the regional government of Lambayeque, Peru.	Chongoyape District	Peru
country	Lubniewice (lubɲɛˈvʲit͡sɛ) (German: Königswalde) is a town in Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, western Poland, with 1,924 inhabitants (2004).	Lubniewice	Poland
country	Uuemererahu is a small Baltic Sea islet comprising 2.3 hectares in area, belonging to the country of Estonia.	Uuemererahu	Estonia
country	According to 2011 census of India, Hardu Shichan has a population of 3,894; 1,983 are male and 1,911 female.	Hardu Shichan	India
country	Catanzaro Lido railway station (Italian: Stazione di Catanzaro Lido) is one of the railway stations serving the city and comune of Catanzaro, capital of the Calabria region, southern Italy.	Catanzaro Lido railway station	Italy
country	Eilat's Coral Beach Nature Reserve and Conservation area (Hebrew: שמורת טבע חוף האלמוגים‎) is a nature reserve and national park in the Red Sea, near the city Eilat in Israel.	Eilat's Coral Beach	Israel
country	The Yumbarra Conservation Park is a protected area in South Australia located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Ceduna.	Yumbarra Conservation Park	Australia
country	The Malaspina Peninsula is a peninsula in the northern Gulf of Georgia-Sunshine Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Malaspina Peninsula	Canada
country	Rripë is a village in the former municipality of Gurrë, Albania.	Rripë	Albania
country	The Federal University of Espírito Santo (Portuguese: Universidade Federal do Espírito Santo, UFES) is a federal university established at the city of Vitória, capital of Espírito Santo state, in Brazil.	Federal University of Espírito Santo	Brazil
country	Taman Jurong is a residential precinct in Jurong, Singapore.	Taman Jurong	Singapore
country	Livnim (Hebrew: לִבְנִים, lit. Birches) is a communal settlement in northern Israel, northwest of Lake Kinneret in the western Ginosar Valley.	Livnim	Israel
country	Bozmirabad (Persian: بزميراباد‎, also Romanized as Bozmīrābād, Bazmīrābād, Bezmīrābād, and Bozmīr Ābād; also known as Bīzmarābād) is a village in Posht Tang Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bozmirabad	Iran
country	The Islamic Society of Engineers (Persian: جامعهٔ اسلامی مهندسین‎‎, Jām'at-e eslāmī-ye mohandisīn) or ISE, is a political organization in Iran, and a former member of the conservative Alliance of Builders of Islamic Iran.	Islamic Society of Engineers	Iran
country	Hyderabad Cantonment is a cantonment adjacent to Hyderabad in Sindh province of Pakistan.	Hyderabad Cantonment	Pakistan
country	The Melbourne Ballpark is home to Baseball and Softball in Victoria, Australia.	Melbourne Ballpark	Australia
country	Highroad Academy is a private K--12 school located in Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada.	Highroad Academy	Canada
country	The Deutsche Dermatologische Gesellschaft e.V. (DDG) (German Dermatological Society; ``e.V.'' meaning ``registered association'') is a scientific specialized society for dermatology in Germany.	Deutsche Dermatologische Gesellschaft	Germany
country	Armalok (Persian: ارملك‎, also Romanized as Ārmalok) is a village in Rabor Rural District, in the Central District of Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Armalok	Iran
country	The Belmond Governor's Residence is a Victorian-style hotel located in Dagon Township, Yangon, Myanmar (Burma), located in a teak mansion from the 1920s.	Belmond Governor's Residence	Myanmar
country	Upper Orakzai is a National Assembly constituency situated in the Orakzai Agency in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan.	Upper Orakzai	Pakistan
country	Old Gimmestad Church (Norwegian: Gimmestad gamle kyrkje) is a parish church in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Old Gimmestad Church	Norway
country	Banki Mongra is a town under the city of Korba in Chhattisgarh, India.	Banki Mongra	India
country	Majevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Мајевица, pronounced (mâjɛv̞it͡sa)) is a low mountain range in northeastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Majevica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Janaki Mandir (Nepali: जानकी मन्दिर) is a Hindu temple of Janakpur in Mithila region of Nepal, dedicated to the Nepalese goddess Sita.	Janaki Mandir	Nepal
country	Darreh Maran (Persian: دره مران‎, also Romanized as Darreh Marān and Darreh-ye Marrān) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Darreh Maran	Iran
country	Tak Airport (IATA: TKT, ICAO: VTPT) is an airport serving Tak, a town in the Tak Province of Thailand.	Tak Airport	Thailand
country	The University of Amsterdam (abbreviated as UvA, Dutch: Universiteit van Amsterdam) is a public university located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	University of Amsterdam	Netherlands
country	Kalak Bisheh-ye Seyyed Mohammad (Persian: كلكبيشه سيدمحمد‎, also Romanized as Kalaḵ Bīsheh-ye Seyyed Moḥammad) is a village in Malavi Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kalak Bisheh-ye Seyyed Mohammad	Iran
country	Nienowice (ɲɛnɔˈvʲit͡sɛ) (Ukrainian: Ніновичі, Ninowychi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Nienowice	Poland
country	Kidričevo (pronounced (ˈkiːdɾitʃɛʋɔ)) is a town near Ptuj in northeastern Slovenia.	Kidričevo	Slovenia
country	Wirecard AG (until April 6, 2005: InfoGenie AG) is a global financial services and technology company headquartered in Aschheim, Munich, Germany.	Wirecard	Germany
country	Im Hinteren Eis is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol, Austria, and South Tyrol, Italy.	Im Hinteren Eis	Italy
country	Cargenbridge is a hamlet located in Dumfries and Galloway, United Kingdom southwest of Dumfries.	Cargenbridge	United Kingdom
country	In 1815 Torriglia became part of the Kingdom of Sardinia and, from 1861, of the unified Kingdom of Italy.	Torriglia	Italy
country	Hummelfjell is a mountain located in Tolga and Os in Hedmark, Norway.	Hummelfjell	Norway
country	Jangaon Assembly constituency is a constituency of Telangana Legislative Assembly, India.	Jangaon Assembly constituency	India
country	Capul Island Lighthouse is a lighthouse on Titoog Point in San Luis on the northern tip of Capul Island, Northern Samar in the Philippines.	Capul Island Lighthouse	Philippines
country	Březňák is a pilsner-type beer produced by Drinks Union in Ústí nad Labem, Czech Republic, that has been brewed since 1753.	Březňák	Czech Republic
country	Konstancin-Jeziorna (kɔnsˈtant͡ɕin jɛˈʑɔrna) is a town in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 17,566 inhabitants (as of March 2011, according to GUS).	Konstancin-Jeziorna	Poland
country	The Cairns Region is a local government area in Far North Queensland, Queensland, Australia, centred on the regional centre of Cairns.	Cairns Region	Australia
country	Chajakhu (Persian: چاجاخو‎, also Romanized as Chājākhū; also known as Chāchākhū, Chachakhoo, Chā Chā Khow, Chāh Akhur, and Chāh Ākhvor) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chajakhu	Iran
country	FFAS Senior League is the top division of the Football Federation American Samoa in American Samoa and is played on an amateur basis.	FFAS Senior League	American Samoa
country	Village Alotna / Attna (Arabic: قرية العطنة‎) is a village in Yemen.	Alotna	Yemen
country	Chennai Elevated Expressways is a road network development scheme of the Second Master Plan by CMDA for Chennai city, India.	Chennai Elevated Expressways	India
country	New Amarambalam Reserved Forest is a protected area in the Western Ghats, situated in the Kerala state in South India.	New Amarambalam Reserved Forest	India
country	Considered too small and old to dominate the key anchorage of Spithead by the 1860 Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom, they instead opted to build the new Fort Gilkicker and give Fort Monckton a minor defensive role in the defence of Portsmouth harbour.	Fort Monckton	United Kingdom
country	Vratislavice nad Nisou (German: Maffersdorf) is a district of the city of Liberec, in the north of the Czech Republic.	Vratislavice nad Nisou	Czech Republic
country	Logarovci (pronounced (lɔˈɡaːɾɔu̯tsi)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Logarovci	Slovenia
country	Cajas National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Cajas) is a national park in the highlands of Ecuador.	Cajas National Park	Ecuador
country	Majalengka is a district and town in the West Java province of Indonesia; it is the capital of Majalengka Regency.	Majalengka	Indonesia
country	Aqa Bagi (Persian: اقابگي‎, also Romanized as Āqā Bagī) is a village in Miyan Ab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Aqa Bagi	Iran
country	Bergen Academy of Art and Design (Norwegian: Kunst- og designhøgskolen i Bergen) or KHiB is one of the two independent institutions of higher learning in the visual arts and design in Norway.	Bergen Academy of Art and Design	Norway
country	Bucerdea Grânoasă (German: Burhardsdorf; Hungarian: Búzásbocsárd) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Bucerdea Grânoasă	Romania
country	Long Seridan is a Kelabit settlement in the Marudi division of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Long Seridan	Malaysia
country	Nordre Vartdal is a village in the Vartdal area of Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Nordre Vartdal	Norway
country	Michałowo (mʲixaˈwɔvɔ) is a town in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Michałowo	Poland
country	Ōeyama (Japanese: 大枝山) also Ooe-yama and Mount Ooe is a mountain in Kyoto Prefecture, Japan.	Ōeyama	Japan
country	Ráztočno (Hungarian: Rásztony) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of central Slovakia.	Ráztočno	Slovakia
country	The Buxtehude House is a historic property on Sankt Anna Gade in the historic centre of Elsinore, Denmark.	Buxtehude House	Denmark
country	Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) was established in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India in 1962.	Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology	India
country	Novye Khimki Stadium is football stadium in Khimki, Russia.	Novye Khimki Stadium	Russia
country	Matibi is a former native reserve, now known as a communal land, in Southern Zimbabwe.	Matibi	Zimbabwe
country	The Gare de Méru (Méru station) is a railway station located in Méru (Oise department), France.	Gare de Méru	France
country	The Saifee Hospital is a hospital built in the Charni Road region of Mumbai, India.	Saifee Hospital	India
country	The Sierra Atravesada or Sierra de Niltepec is a mountain range in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico, in the region of the Isthmus of Tehuantepec.	Sierra Atravesada	Mexico
country	Reinhardstein Castle (French: Château de Reinhardstein, German: Burg Reinhardstein) is a castle in Belgium, in the valley of the Warche, in the village of Ovifat in the municipality of Waimes (Weismes) near Robertville in the province of Liège.	Reinhardstein Castle	Belgium
country	Sant Mateu is a town and municipality in eastern Spain, in the province of Castellón, part of the autonomous community of Valencia.	Sant Mateu	Spain
country	The Kuala Lumpur Bird Park (Malay: Taman Burung Kuala Lumpur) is a 20.9-acre (8.5 ha) public aviary in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.	Kuala Lumpur Bird Park	Malaysia
country	Mateševo (Serbian/Montenegrin Cyrillic: Матешево) is a village in northern Montenegro, within Kolašin Municipality.	Mateševo	Montenegro
country	Șinca (German: Alt-Schenk; Hungarian: Ósinka) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.	Șinca	Romania
country	Great Colinet Island is an island of St. Mary's Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Great Colinet Island	Canada
country	Labro Meadows Nature Reserve (Swedish: Labro ängar naturreservat) is a nature reserve in Södermanland County in Sweden.	Labro Meadows Nature Reserve	Sweden
country	One Man Village is a village in central Nigeria.It is found in Karu Local Government area of Nasarawa State.It lies close to Abuja, the capital city of Nigeria in the Federal Capital Territory of Nigeria.	One Man Village	Nigeria
country	The Lyakhovsky Islands (Russian: Ляховские острова Lyakhovskiye ostrova) are the southernmost group of the New Siberian Islands in the arctic seas of eastern Russia.	Lyakhovsky Islands	Russia
country	Ashok Kumar Jain High School Darihat in Rohtas Bihar, India, popularly known as Darihat High School, was established in 1947.	Ashok Kumar Jain High School Darihat	India
country	Al-Dabaah (Arabic: الضبعة‎, also spelled Daba'a) is a village in central Syria, administratively part of the Homs Governorate, located southwest of Homs.	Al-Dabaah	Syria
country	Seyyed Kheyl (Persian: سيدخيل‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Khīl) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Seyyed Kheyl	Iran
country	The Huincul Formation is a geologic formation that outcrops in Río Negro and Neuquén provinces of Argentina.	Huincul Formation	Argentina
country	The Civil Service (Management Functions) Act 1992 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Civil Service (Management Functions) Act 1992	United Kingdom
country	Rainy Lake (French: lac à la Pluie; Ojibwe: gojiji-zaaga'igan) is a relatively large freshwater lake (360 square miles (930 km2)) straddling the border between the United States and Canada.	Rainy Lake	Canada
country	Charnwood College is the first school in the United Kingdom to have an official LipDub video to showcase the campus.	Charnwood College	United Kingdom
country	Khortytsia (Ukrainian: Хо́ртиця, Khortytsia, Russian: Хо́ртица, Khortitsa, Polish: Chortyca) is a national cultural reserve (sanctuary) located on one of the largest islands of the Dnieper river, in Ukraine.	Khortytsia	Ukraine
country	The Schulich School of Business is York University's business school located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Schulich School of Business	Canada
country	De Lytse Geast (Dutch: Kleinegeest) is a hamlet in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	De Lytse Geast	Netherlands
country	The Mocorón River is a river in Honduras, renowned for its religious importance.	Mocorón River	Honduras
country	Bîcioc (Ukrainian: Бичок, Bychok, Russian: Бычок, Bychok) is a commune in the Grigoriopol District of Transnistria, Moldova.	Bîcioc	Moldova
country	Cape Palmas is a headland on the extreme southeast end of the coast of Liberia, West Africa, at the extreme southwest corner of the northern half of the continent.	Cape Palmas	Liberia
country	Greifswald Medical School (German: Medizinische Fakultät der Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald) is a division of the University of Greifswald, Germany, consisting of the university's medical school and the adjacent Greifswald University Hospital.	Greifswald Medical School	Germany
country	Hoegaarden (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦuɣaːrdə(n))) is a municipality in the province of Flemish Brabant, in Flanders, one of the three regions of Belgium.	Hoegaarden	Belgium
country	Yagul Natural Monument (Spanish: Monumento Natural Yagul, sometimes abbreviated MNY) is a federal protected natural area of Mexico, located in Tlacolula de Matamoros in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico.	Yagul Natural Monument	Mexico
country	FC Mamer 32 is a football club, based in Mamer, in south-western Luxembourg.	FC Mamer 32	Luxembourg
country	Tinténiac (Breton: Tintenieg, Gallo: Teintenyac) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Tinténiac	France
country	Dolno Tserovene (Bulgarian: Долно Церовене) is a village in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Dolno Tserovene	Bulgaria
country	Siculiana is a town and comune in the province of Agrigento, Sicily, southern Italy, 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of the provincial capital Agrigento.	Siculiana	Italy
country	Selskabet Kjæden (English: The Society of the Chain), formerly known as Kjæde-ordenen (English: The Order of the Chain), is a fraternal, phlantropical society based in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Selskabet Kjæden	Denmark
country	Sir Yazjan-e Galeh Zan Abu ol Hasan Beygi (Persian: سيريزجان گله زن ابوالحسن بيگي‎, also Romanized as Sīr Yazjān-e Galeh Zan Abū ol Ḩasan Beygī; also known as Sīr Yazjān) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sir Yazjan-e Galeh Zan Abu ol Hasan Beygi	Iran
country	The Central Pori Church (Finnish: Keski-Porin kirkko) is a church in Gothic Revival style in the centre of the city of Pori, Western Finland.	Central Pori Church	Finland
country	Arthur Island (Остров Артура; Ostrov Artura) is an island in Franz Josef Land, Russia.	Arthur Island	Russia
country	Bizovik (pronounced (bizɔˈʋiːk); in older sources also Bezovik, German: Wisowik) is a formerly independent settlement southeast of the capital Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Bizovik	Slovenia
country	The Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park (BKNP) (Georgian: ბორჯომ-ხარაგაულის ეროვნული პარკი, borjom-kharagaulis erovnuli parki) is a protected area in central Georgia, situated in the Lesser Caucasus, southwest to the nation's capital of Tbilisi.	Borjomi-Kharagauli National Park	Georgia
country	Col du Lautaret (2,057 m (6,749 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the department of Hautes-Alpes in France.	Col du Lautaret	France
country	Wiązogóra (vjɔ̃zɔˈɡura) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wiązogóra	Poland
country	Darmud (Persian: درمود‎, also Romanized as Dūrmad) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Darmud	Iran
country	St. Thomas More College (STM), is a Catholic, undergraduate, liberal arts college located in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada, and is a federated college of the University of Saskatchewan.	St. Thomas More College	Canada
country	Pócsmegyer is a village on Szentendre Island in Pest county, Hungary.	Pócsmegyer	Hungary
country	Fuego Point, commonly known as Punta Fuego, is a flame-shaped headland located in western Batangas province on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	Punta Fuego	Philippines
country	Mavardian (Persian: ماورديان‎, also Romanized as Māvardīān) is a village in Lulaman Rural District, in the Central District of Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mavardian	Iran
country	Kapas Island or Pulau Kapas is an island located about 6 kilometers east of Marang, Malaysia, with a smaller island, Pulau Gemia, located north of it.	Kapas Island	Malaysia
country	Marscholsee is a lake at San Bernardino Pass in the Grisons, Switzerland.	Marscholsee	Switzerland
country	The Amaro Mountains are a mountain range in south western Ethiopia.	Amaro Mountains	Ethiopia
country	The Korpela movement, or Siikavaara sect, was a religious sect started by Laestadian preacher Toivo Korpela in Sweden during the 1920s.	Korpela movement	Sweden
country	The Tumbes River (Spanish: Río Tumbes or Río Túmbez in Peru; Río Puyango in Ecuador), is a river in South America.	Tumbes River	Peru	Ecuador
country	Tang-e Tur (Persian: تنگتور‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Ţūr, Tang-e Tūr, and Tang-i-Tūr) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Tang-e Tur	Iran
country	Villa Canales is a municipality in the Guatemala department of Guatemala, situated 22 km south of Guatemala City.	Villa Canales	Guatemala
country	Ljubljana (Slovene: (ljuˈbljàːna); (luˈblàːna), also known by other alternative names) is the capital and largest city of Slovenia.	Ljubljana	Slovenia
country	Rupwal (or Roopwal) is one of the oldest and historic towns of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Rupwal	Pakistan
country	Soultz-Haut-Rhin (German: Sulz/Oberelsaß) is a commune in the Haut-Rhin département in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Soultz-Haut-Rhin	France
country	Xironomi (Greek: Ξηρονομή) is a village in Boeotia, Greece.	Xironomi	Greece
country	Kbal Spean (Khmer: ក្បាលស្ពាន) (``Bridge Head'') is an Angkorian era archaeological site on the southwest slopes of the Kulen Hills to the northeast of Angkor in Siem Reap District, Siem Reap Province, Cambodia.	Kbal Spean	Cambodia
country	De Witte Holevoet is a hotel-restaurant located in Scherpenzeel in the Netherlands.	De Witte Holevoet	Netherlands
country	Minyar (Russian: Минья́р) is a town in Ashinsky District of Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia, located in the valley of the Sim River at its confluence with the Minyar River, 370 kilometers (230 mi) west of Chelyabinsk, the administrative center of the oblast.	Minyar	Russia
country	Kappukad is an ancient village in southern Tamil Naduin Kanyakumari District in Southern India.	Kappukad	India
country	Tunku Abdul Rahman University College or TAR University College (Abbreviation: TAR UC) is an institution of higher learning in Malaysia.	Tunku Abdul Rahman University College	Malaysia
country	Ibarlucea is a town (comuna) in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina.	Ibarlucea	Argentina
country	Jeperjek (pronounced (ˈjeːpɛɾjɛk)) is a small settlement in the hills southwest of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Jeperjek	Slovenia
country	Stockholm Västerås Airport, also known as Västerås Airport or Hässlö Flygplats (IATA: VST, ICAO: ESOW) is located at the city Västerås, and about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Stockholm, Sweden.	Stockholm Västerås Airport	Sweden
country	Glenbow Ranch Provincial Park is a provincial park in the Calgary Region of Alberta, Canada.	Glenbow Ranch Provincial Park	Canada
country	The Taipei Arena (Chinese: 臺北巨蛋; pinyin: Táiběi Jùdàn) is an indoor sporting arena located in Songshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Arena	Taiwan
country	Bjni (Armenian: Բջնի) is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia.	Bjni	Armenia
country	Chome Forest Reserve is a reserve in the Pare Mountains in Tanzania.	Chome Forest Reserve	Tanzania
country	Nordenfjells or Nordafjells (``North of the Mountains'') is the area of Norway north of mountain range of Dovrefjell.	Nordenfjells	Norway
country	Große Aschbergschanze is an ex ski jumping large hill in Klingenthal, Germany.	Aschbergschanze	Germany
country	Ajylu (also, Adzhilu, Ajilu, Ajlu, Ajrlu, T’unis Ajylu, Razvaliny Adzhilu) is a town in Syunik Province, Armenia.	Ajylu	Armenia
country	Vyzhnytsia (Ukrainian: Вижниця, German: Wischnitza or Wiznitz, Romanian: Vijniţa, Russian: Вижница, translit. Vizhnitsia, Yiddish: וויזשניץ‎ Vizhnitz) is a town located on the Cheremosh River in the Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine.	Vyzhnytsia	Ukraine
country	Ciudad del Este (Spanish pronunciation: (sjuˈðað ðel ˈeste), Spanish for City of the East) initialed CDE is the second largest city in Paraguay and capital of the Alto Paraná Department, situated on the Rio Paraná.	Ciudad del Este	Paraguay
country	Lac-John is a First Nations reserve on John Lake in the Côte-Nord region of Quebec, Canada, about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north-east from the centre of Schefferville.	Lac-John	Canada
country	Libreville is the capital and largest city of Gabon, in west central Africa.	Libreville	Gabon
country	Lenghu (simplified Chinese: 冷湖行政区; traditional Chinese: 冷湖行政區; pinyin: Lěnghú Xíngzhèngqū) is an Administrative Committee in the northwest of Qinghai province, People's Republic of China, bordering Gansu to the north/northeast and Xinjiang to the northwest.	Lenghu	People's Republic of China
country	Paveh County (Persian: شهرستان پاوه‎‎) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran, part of what is unofficially referred to as Iranian Kurdistan.	Paveh County	Iran
country	Until the Winter War and Continuation War, it had been the administrative center of the Vuoksela municipality of the Viipuri province of Finland.	Vuoksela	Finland
country	Bugamba is a town in Uganda with an approximate population of 27,664 and an average elevation of 4,878 feet above sea level.	Bugamba	Uganda
country	Wola-Kolonia (ˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola-Kolonia	Poland
country	Pain Mahalleh-ye Rudbaneh (Persian: پايين محله رودبنه‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh-ye Rūdbaneh; also known as Pā’īn Rūd Beneh) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Mahalleh-ye Rudbaneh	Iran
country	Niederkumbd (until 1936 Niederchumbd) is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis (district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Niederkumbd	Germany
country	Sunkaruqucha (Quechua sunkaru a South American cat fish, qucha lake, hispanicized spellings Zungaro Cocha, Zungarococha, Zúngaro Cocha, Zúngarococha) is a lake in Peru.	Sunkaruqucha	Peru
country	Tinogasta (Spanish pronunciation: (tinoˈɣasta)) is a city in the west of the province of Catamarca, Argentina, on the right-hand shore of the Abaucán River, about 280 km from the provincial capital San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca.	Tinogasta	Argentina
country	Wólka Kijewska (ˈvulka kiˈjɛfska) (German: Klöwenhorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wólka Kijewska	Poland
country	Løvhaugsåa is a trout river which runs from Rotbergsjøen lake to Røgden lake in Grue municipality in Hedmark county, Norway.	Løvhaugsåa	Norway
country	The National Register of Electors is a continuously-updated permanent database of eligible electors for federal elections in Canada maintained by Elections Canada.	National Register of Electors	Canada
country	Arslanköy (also called Efrenk) is a town in Mersin Province, Turkey.	Arslanköy	Turkey
country	The Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company (French: Société des Transports Intercommunaux de Bruxelles, or STIB; Dutch: Maatschappij voor het Intercommunaal Vervoer te Brussel or MIVB) is the local public transport operator in Brussels, Belgium.	Brussels Intercommunal Transport Company	Belgium
country	Ionikos F.C., also known as Ionikos Nikaias (Greek: ΠΑΕ Ιωνικός Νίκαιας), is a professional football club based in Nikaia, Piraeus, Greece, currently competing in Football League 2, the Greek third division.	Ionikos F.C.	Greece
country	Maple Leaf International School is an English medium school in Dhaka, Bangladesh, established in 1972.	Maple Leaf International School	Bangladesh
country	Skidziń (ˈskid͡ʑiɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeszcze, within Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Skidziń	Poland
country	Dhobi Ghat (Mahalaxmi Dhobi Ghat) is a well known open air laundromat in Mumbai, India.	Dhobi Ghat	India
country	Strzyżewo Smykowe (stʂɨˈʐɛvɔ smɨˈkɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniezno, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Strzyżewo Smykowe	Poland
country	Ilsenburg Abbey (German: Kloster Ilsenburg) was a monastery of the Benedictine Order located at Ilsenburg near Wernigerode, in Saxony-Anhalt in Germany.	Ilsenburg Abbey	Germany
country	The Argyle Liberal and District Recorder was an English language newspaper published two times per week, on Tuesdays and Fridays, in Crookwell, New South Wales, Australia.	Argyle Liberal and District Recorder	Australia
country	The Competition Appeal Tribunal (CAT) of the United Kingdom was created by Section 12 and Schedule 2 to the Enterprise Act 2002 which came into force on 1 April 2003.	Competition Appeal Tribunal	United Kingdom
country	Mokotakan is an open-air museum located in Saint-Mathieu-du-Parc in the Mauricie region of Quebec, Canada.	Mokotakan	Canada
country	Bestwin (ˈbɛstfin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bestwin	Poland
country	Rowmari is a village in Kamrup rural district, in the state of Assam, India, situated on the north bank of river Brahmaputra.	Rowmari	India
country	IFC Center is an art house movie theater in Greenwich Village, New York City in the United States of America.	IFC Center	United States of America
country	SKANS School of Accountancy is an accountancy academy situated in different cities of Pakistan.	SKANS School of Accountancy	Pakistan
country	The Sierra de la Alfaguara is a mountain range in the Cordillera Subbética, beside the Sierra de Huétor in southern Spain.	Sierra de la Alfaguara	Spain
country	Koporye (Russian: Копорье; Finnish: Kaprio; Swedish: Koporje) is a historic village (selo) in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, located about 100 km (62 mi) to the west of St. Petersburg and 12 km (7.5 mi) south of the Koporye Bay of the Baltic Sea.	Koporye	Russia
country	The Ocna de Fier mine is a large open pit mine in the western of Romania in Caraş-Severin County, 25 km west of Reşiţa and 511 km north-west of the capital, Bucharest.	Ocna de Fier mine	Romania
country	Alabio was a district in North Hulu Sungai, Kalimantan Selatan, Indonesia until administrative reforms after the Indonesian independence.	Alabio	Indonesia
country	Johannesburg (/dʒoʊˈhænᵻsbɜːrɡ/; Afrikaans: (joˈɦɐnəsbœrχ); also known as Jozi, Jo'burg, eGoli, and Joeys, and abbreviated as JHB) is the largest city in South Africa.	Johannesburg	South Africa
country	Matakong is an island just off the coast of Guinea between the capital Conakry and the Sierra Leone border.	Matakong	Guinea
country	Popławy-Kolonia (pɔˈpwavɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paradyż, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Popławy-Kolonia	Poland
country	Sulewo-Prusy (suˈlɛvɔ ˈprusɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Grajewo County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sulewo-Prusy	Poland
country	Belgern (German pronunciation: (ˈbɛlɡɐn)), is a town in the district Nordsachsen, in the Free State of Saxony, Germany.	Belgern	Germany
country	The Kaokoland Nature Reserve is a nature reserve located in northwestern Namibia and is separated from the Atlantic Ocean by the Skeleton Coast National Park.	Kaokoland Nature Reserve	Namibia
country	Krnjeuša (Cyrillic: Крњеуша) is a village in the municipality of Bosanski Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Krnjeuša	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Steinbergstein is a mountain, 2,215 m above sea level (AA) (7,267 ft) high, in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.	Steinbergstein	Austria
country	KwaThema is a township south-west of Springs on the East Rand, Gauteng, South Africa.	KwaThema	South Africa
country	Palmeiras-Barra Funda Intermodal Terminal is the second largest intermodal transportation hub in São Paulo, Brazil.	Palmeiras-Barra Funda Intermodal Terminal	Brazil
country	Filmax International is a Spanish motion picture production company and film distributor based in Barcelona, and one of the Spain's most important integrated film and television groups.	Filmax International	Spain
country	Qarshi University (QU) (Urdu: قرشی یونیورسٹی‎) is a private research university in Lahore, Pakistan.	Qarshi University	Pakistan
country	The Luisenburg Rock Labyrinth (German: Luisenburg-Felsenlabyrinth) is a felsenmeer made of granite blocks several metres across and is part of the Großes Labyrinth Nature Reserve near Wunsiedel in Germany.	Luisenburg Rock Labyrinth	Germany
country	Mózgowo (muzˈɡɔvɔ) (German: Mosgau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mózgowo	Poland
country	Ryslinge is a town with a population of 1,746 (1 January 2014) in central Denmark, located in Faaborg-Midtfyn municipality on the island of Funen.	Ryslinge	Denmark
country	The Ötztal is an alpine valley located in Tyrol, Austria.	Ötztal	Austria
country	Bala Tanu Rud (Persian: بالاتنورود‎, also Romanized as Bālā Tanū Rūd; also known as Tanū Rūd) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District, Otaqvar District, Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bala Tanu Rud	Iran
country	Płońsk (pwɔɲsk) (Yiddish: פּלאָנסק (Plonsk)‎) is a town in north-central Poland with 22,500 inhabitants (2010).	Płońsk	Poland
country	Hildburghausen is a town in Thuringia in central Germany, capital of the district Hildburghausen.	Hildburghausen	Germany
country	The Port of Iloilo in Iloilo City, Philippines, serves the province and city of Iloilo and the entire Panay Island, in Western Visayas of the Philippines.	Port of Iloilo	Philippines
country	Ruigahuizen (West Frisian: Rûgehuzen) is a village in De Friese Meren in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands, south-west of Balk.	Ruigahuizen	Netherlands
country	Alma Academia Leidensis refers to an illustrated book about the professors of the University of Leiden, the Netherlands.	Alma Academia Leidensis	Netherlands
country	Miðborg (Icelandic: City Centre; Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈmɪːðˌpɔrɣ)), also known as Miðbær or Austurbær, is a sub-municipal administrational district that covers much of the central part Reykjavík, the capital of Iceland.	Miðborg	Iceland
country	Grâces (Breton: Gras-Gwengamp) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Grâces	France
country	The Dağpazarı Wind Farm (Turkish: Dağpazarı Rüzgâr Enerji Santrali) is a wind power plant consisting of 13 wind turbines situated in Dağpazarı village of Mut district in Mersin Province, southern Turkey.	Dağpazarı Wind Farm	Turkey
country	Skottorp Castle (Swedish: Skottorps slott) is situated in the province of Halland, southern Sweden.	Skottorp Castle	Sweden
country	The Maków Beskids (Polish: Beskid Makowski) is a mountain range in south-central Poland, part of the Western Beskids within the Outer Western Carpathians.	Maków Beskids	Poland
country	Dětský Island (Czech Dětský ostrov -- literally Children's Island) is an island on the Vltava River in Prague, Czech Republic.	Dětský Island	Czech Republic
country	Liessies Abbey was a Benedictine monastery in the village of Liessies, near Avesnes-sur-Helpe, in the Archdiocese of Cambrai and the département of Nord, France.	Liessies Abbey	France
country	Manises (Valencian pronunciation: (maˈnizes), Spanish: (maˈnises)) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Oest in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Manises	Spain
country	Estadio CAP (Compañía de Acero del Pacífico), is a football stadium in Talcahuano, Chile.	Estadio CAP	Chile
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 130 or U 130 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runic inscription which is located at Nora, which is in Danderyd, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 130	Sweden
country	Varėna ( pronunciation ) (Polish: Orany) is a city in Dzūkija, Lithuania.	Varėna	Lithuania
country	Lac de Pérolles, a reservoir formed by Maigrauge Dam, is a reservoir on the Saane/Sarine river at Fribourg, in western Switzerland.	Lac de Pérolles	Switzerland
country	Ghilizan or Relizane (Berber: Ɣilizan; Arabic: غلیزان; French: Relizane) is a city in Algeria.	Relizane	Algeria
country	Kuntisuyu was the smallest suyu of all and was located along the southern coast of modern Peru, extending into the highlands towards Cusco.	Kuntisuyu	Peru
country	Shah Maleki (Persian: شاه ملكي‎, also Romanized as Shāh Malekī, Shāh Molkī, and Shāh Malakī; also known as Chāh Malakī and Shāh Mālīkī) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shah Maleki	Iran
country	The Institute of Technology, Blanchardstown (ITB),(Irish: Institiúid Teicneolaíochta Baile Bhlainséir) established in 1999, is (as of 2010), the last-founded Institute of Technology in Ireland.	Institute of Technology, Blanchardstown	Ireland
country	Toulouse Métropole is the intercommunal structure gathering the city of Toulouse (France) and some of its suburbs.	Toulouse Métropole	France
country	Mowtowr-e Qir Mohammad Mir Kazehi (Persian: موتورفقيرمحمدميركازهي‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-ef Qīr Moḩammad Mīr Kāzehī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Qir Mohammad Mir Kazehi	Iran
country	Al Kifaf (Arabic: الكفاف‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Kifaf	United Arab Emirates
country	Targowska Wola (tarˈɡɔfska ˈvɔla) (German: Theerwischwolla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dźwierzuty, within Szczytno County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Targowska Wola	Poland
country	Strzekęcino (stʂɛkɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Strzekęcino	Poland
country	The Loa River (Spanish: Río Loa) is a U-shaped river in Chile's northern Antofagasta Region.	Loa River	Chile
country	Paqe Island (Albanian: Ishulli i Paqes; meaning 'Island of Peace') is a small island located in the Lake Koman in the north of Albania.	Paqe Island	Albania
country	Mazgan (Persian: مزگان‎, also Romanized as Mazgān and Mozgān; also known as Mazqān, Mozhgan, and Mozjān) is a village in Khurheh Rural District, in the Central District of Mahallat County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mazgan	Iran
country	The Manila Hotel is a 570-room, historic five-star hotel located along Manila Bay in Manila, Philippines.	Manila Hotel	Philippines
country	Sverka is a small river in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Sverka	Norway
country	Bahawalnagar Tehsil is an administrative subdivision (tehsil) of Bahawalnagar District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Bahawalnagar Tehsil	Pakistan
country	Vissing Priory (or possibly Abbey) (Danish: Vissing Kloster) was a Benedictine nunnery, situated near the monastery of Voer Abbey, but on the northern bank of the Gudenå, close to the present Klostermølle in Vorladegård parish near Silkeborg, Denmark.	Vissing Priory	Denmark
country	Naro-1 (Korean: 나로호), previously designated the Korea Space Launch Vehicle or KSLV, is South Korea's first carrier rocket.	Naro-1	South Korea
country	The Kharkiv Metro (Ukrainian: Харківське метро or Харківський метрополітен) is the metro system that serves the city of Kharkiv, the second largest city in Ukraine.	Kharkiv Metro	Ukraine
country	Breakaway PPV was a Canadian English language regional pay-per-view television provider in Western Canada and the territories.	Breakaway PPV	Canada
country	Peraji (pronounced (pɛˈɾaːji)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Peraji	Slovenia
country	The Vindel River (Swedish: Vindelälven) is a river in northern Sweden.	Vindel River	Sweden
country	Willingen is a community in Waldeck-Frankenberg in northern Hesse, Germany, some 80 km west of Kassel.	Willingen	Germany
country	Lisková is a village in the Ružomberok District of north-central Slovakia.	Lisková	Slovakia
country	Tito's Blue Train (Serbian: Plavi voz) is a luxury train, once used by Josip Broz Tito, while president of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	Tito's Blue Train	Yugoslavia
country	Hoseynabad-e Yangejeh (Persian: حسين ابادينگجه‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Yangejeh and Ḩoseynābād-e Yangecheh; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Manjilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Yangejeh	Iran
country	Lake Ukiel (or Krzywe Lake - informal name) is a lake in Poland which is located on Pojezierze Olsztyńskie, in the northwest part of Olsztyn, between district Dajtki, Gutkowo i Likusy.	Lake Ukiel	Poland
country	XEABC-AM is a radio station in Mexico City, licensed to San Sebastián Chimalpa in the State of Mexico.	XEABC-AM	Mexico
country	The history of Santa Marta de Penaguião is affirmed by vestiges of the castros that have been discovered in Fontes, Lobrigos, Cumieira, Louredo and Medrões, which were settled prior to the establishment of the Kingdom of Portugal.	Santa Marta de Penaguião	Portugal
country	Maze National Park is a national park in the Southern Nations, Nationalities, and People's Region of Ethiopia.	Maze National Park	Ethiopia
country	Mandoul Occidental (Mandoul West) is one of the 3 departments which make up the region of Mandoul in Chad.	Mandoul Occidental	Chad
country	Tallheo is the location of a former village of the Nuxalk known as Talyu, and is a former cannery town near Bella Coola, British Columbia, Canada, on North Bentinck Arm.	Tallheo	Canada
country	FC Edmonton is a Canadian professional soccer team based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	FC Edmonton	Canada
country	Tusa Koti (Persian: توساكتي‎, also Romanized as Tūsā Kotī) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Tusa Koti	Iran
country	The Lapai Emirate, today in Nigeria, is a traditional state that lies near the Gurara River, a tributary to the Niger River, and was originally inhabited by the Gbari people, covering roughly the same area as the modern Lapai local government area.	Lapai Emirate	Nigeria
country	Qeshlaq-e Nowruz (Persian: قشلاق نوروز‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Nowrūz, Qeshlāq-e Now Rūz, Qeshlāq Nowrūz, and Qishlāq Naurūz) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Nowruz	Iran
country	Cimahi (Indonesian pronunciation: (tʃimahi)) is a city located west of Bandung, West Java, Indonesia in the Bandung Metropolitan Area.	Cimahi	Indonesia
country	The 2012 European Aquatics Championships were held from 14--27 May 2012 in Debrecen, Hungary and Eindhoven, Netherlands.	2012 European Aquatics Championships	Hungary
country	Osmaniye is a city in the Çukurova region of Turkey, the capital of Osmaniye Province.	Osmaniye	Turkey
country	Lawachara National Park (Bengali: লাউয়াছড়া) is a major national park and nature reserve in Bangladesh.	Lawachara National Park	Bangladesh
country	Tinline Bay is a cove and beach located within The Abel Tasman National Park in the South Island of New Zealand.	Tinline Bay	New Zealand
country	Drzonowo Wałeckie (dʐɔˈnɔvɔ vaˈwɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Drahnow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Człopa, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Drzonowo Wałeckie	Poland
country	The Giardino Botanico Carsiana (Carsiana Botanical Garden) is a botanical garden located within the municipality of Sgonico (Zgonik) between the villages of Gabrovizza and Sgonico, Province of Trieste, Friuli-Venezia Giulia, Italy.	Giardino Botanico Carsiana	Italy
country	The Constitutional Reform of 1848 (Dutch: Grondwetsherziening van 1848) laid the basis for the present system of parliamentary democracy in the Netherlands.	Constitutional Reform of 1848	Netherlands
country	Jama pri Dvoru (pronounced (ˈjaːma pɾi ˈdʋɔːɾu)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia.	Jama pri Dvoru	Slovenia
country	Carol Park (Romanian: Parcul Carol) is a public park in Bucharest, Romania, named after King Carol I of Romania.	Carol Park	Romania
country	GS Ilioupolis (Greek: ΓΣ Ηλιούπολη) is a multi-sport club based in Ilioupoli, Athens, Greece.	GS Ilioupolis	Greece
country	Kochanowice (kɔxanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kochanowice	Poland
country	Baneh Yekkeh (Persian: بنه يكه‎; also known as Banī Yak and Banī Yekkeh) is a village in Hana Rural District, Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Baneh Yekkeh	Iran
country	Oriental Bay is a suburb of Wellington, the capital city of New Zealand.	Oriental Bay	New Zealand
country	The Astronomical Society of Victoria (ASV) is an amateur astronomy club in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Astronomical Society of Victoria	Australia
country	Kamfiruz (Persian: كامفيروز‎‎, also Romanized as Kāmfīrūz; also known as Kāmfīrūz-e Jonūbī, meaning ``South Kamfiruz'') is a city in and the capital of Kamfiruz District, in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kamfiruz	Iran
country	Stevens MRT Station (DT10/TE11) is an underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Downtown Line Stage 2 and also the future Thomson-East Coast Line in Singapore.	Stevens MRT Station	Singapore
country	Qatif or Al-Qatif (Arabic: القطيف‎ Al-Qaṭīf) is a governorate and urban area located in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia.	Qatif	Saudi Arabia
country	In the United Kingdom, ABRSM graded examinations are QCA-accredited at three levels in the National Qualifications Framework:	ABRSM	United Kingdom
country	The Horseshoe Falls, also known as the Canadian Falls, as most of it lies in Canada, is part of Niagara Falls, on the Niagara River.	Horseshoe Falls	Canada
country	The Engaña Tunnel (Spanish: Túnel de la Engaña) is a never-completed railway tunnel in Spain, connecting the provinces of Burgos and Cantabria through the Cantabrian Mountains.	Engaña Tunnel	Spain
country	As of the 2011 Census of India, Gampalagudem had a total population of 8,256 of which 4,175 were male and 4,081 female--a sex ratio of 978 females per 1000 males.	Gampalagudem	India
country	Haranggaol is an area in Horisan, Simalungun, North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Haranggaol	Indonesia
country	Pind Rahim Shah is a small village near Miani town in Sargodha District, Punjab province, Pakistan.	Pind Rahim Shah	Pakistan
country	Abaviyeh (Persian: عباويه‎, also Romanized as ``Abāvīyeh; also known as ``Abārīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 23, in 5 families.	Abaviyeh	Iran
country	Mohammad-e Shiru (Persian: محمدشيرو‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad-e Shīrū) is a village in Eskelabad Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad-e Shiru	Iran
country	Talipan National High School (formerly known as Talipan Barangay High School) is a public high school founded in 1973 and located in Pagbilao, Quezon, Philippines.	Talipan National High School	Philippines
country	Bala Serest (Persian: بالاسرست‎, also Romanized as Bālā Serest; also known as Bālā Sar Rost) is a village in Gatab-e Shomali Rural District, Gatab District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Serest	Iran
country	Lesogorsky (Russian: Лесого́рский; Finnish: Jääski) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast, located on the left bank of the Vuoksi River on the Karelian Isthmus near the Russia--	Lesogorsky	Russia
country	Retiro bus station (Spanish: Terminal de Ómnibus de Retiro) is the main bus terminal in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Retiro bus station	Argentina
country	Ainab (Arabic: عيناب‎) is a town on the western slopes of Mount Lebanon overlooking Beirut.	Ainab	Lebanon
country	Srednja Vas v Bohinju (pronounced (ˈsɾeːdnja ˈʋaːs w bɔˈxiːnju); Slovene: Srednja vas v Bohinju) is a village in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Srednja Vas v Bohinju	Slovenia
country	Church San José of Aibonito, in Aibonito, Puerto Rico, was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 1984.	Church San José of Aibonito	Puerto Rico
country	Kırklareli Province (Turkish: Kırklareli ili) is a province in northwestern Turkey on the west coast of the Black Sea.	Kırklareli Province	Turkey
country	Kalagh Jiru (Persian: كلاغ جيرو‎, also Romanized as Kalāgh Jīrū; also known as Jerū and Kalāgh) is a village in Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Arsanjan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kalagh Jiru	Iran
country	Cerro del Azufre (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈsero ðel aˈsufɾe)) is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province, Antofagasta Region, Chile.	Cerro del Azufre	Chile
country	Niinisaari (Finnish), Bastö (Swedish) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Niinisaari	Finland
country	Shrvenantz (Armenian: Շրվենանց, also Romanized as Shrvenants and Shrvenants''; formerly, Daymadaglu) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Shrvenantz	Armenia
country	The Deer Valley Viaduct (Slovene: Jelenov most, Dolinski most, German: Hirschthaler viadukt) is a railroad viaduct between Borovnica and Laze pri Borovnici, Slovenia.	Deer Valley Viaduct	Slovenia
country	The countries and states along the Upper Rhine are Switzerland, France (Alsace) and the German states of Baden-Württemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Hesse.	Upper Rhine	France
country	Zarishat (Armenian: Զարիշատ; formerly,Ghonjali) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Zarishat	Armenia
country	Roma Church (Swedish: Roma kyrka) is a medieval Lutheran church in Lövsta, Gotland (Sweden), in the Diocese of Visby.	Roma Church	Sweden
country	Divandarreh County (Persian: شهرستان دیواندره‎) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran.	Divandarreh County	Iran
country	The Klang Komuter station (formerly known as the Klang railway station) is a train station serving the KTM Komuter train service in Malaysia.	Klang Komuter station	Malaysia
country	Guwahati (i/ɡʊwəˈhɑːti/; Pragjyotishpura in ancient Assam, Gauhati in the modern era) is the largest city of Assam, a major riverine port city and one of the fastest growing cities in India.	Guwahati	India
country	The Tengku Tengah Zaharah Mosque or the Floating Mosque is the first real floating mosque in Malaysia.	Tengku Tengah Zaharah Mosque	Malaysia
country	Adyar Cancer Institute is a cancer specialty hospital situated in the city of Chennai, India; founded by Dr. Muthulakshmi Reddy on June 18, 1954 on the land donated by Mr. S. K. Puniyakoti Mudaliar.	Adyar Cancer Institute	India
country	Suwon Station is a railway station in the city of Suwon, South Korea.	Suwon Station	South Korea
country	Ardfinnan Castle, is a castle which was built circa 1186 to guard the river crossing in Ardfinnan (Ard Fhíonáin in Irish) in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Ardfinnan Castle	Ireland
country	Mount Alexander College, formerly known as Debney Park Secondary College, is a high school in Flemington, Victoria, Australia, on the west side of Mount Alexander Road.	Mount Alexander College	Australia
country	Naivasha is a market town in Nakuru County, Kenya, lying north west of Nairobi.	Naivasha	Kenya
country	The Rio Limay Subgroup is a geological unit in Neuquen, Argentina whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous.	Rio Limay Subgroup	Argentina
country	Chhar is a village of Abbottabad District in Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Chhar	Pakistan
country	Józef Piłsudski University of Physical Education in Warsaw (Polish: Akademia Wychowania Fizycznego Józefa Piłsudskiego w Warszawie) is a public institution of higher learning in Warsaw, Poland.	Józef Piłsudski University of Physical Education in Warsaw	Poland
country	Penelakut Island, formerly known as Kuper Island and renamed in 2010 in honour of the Penelakut First Nation people, is located in the southern Gulf Islands between Vancouver Island and the mainland Pacific coast of British Columbia, Canada.	Penelakut Island	Canada
country	The Osenberge is a dune region up to 23 m above sea level (NN) high in the district of Oldenburg, Lower Saxony (Germany).	Osenberge	Germany
country	Qarah Aqashli (Persian: قره آقاشلي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Āqāshlī and Qareh Āqāshlī) is a village in Golidagh Rural District, Golidagh District, Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Qarah Aqashli	Iran
country	Manduria Airfield is a World War II airfield in Italy, located approximately 5 km north of Manduria, and about 390 km east-southeast of Naples.	Manduria Airfield	Italy
country	Warszawa Śródmieście railway station is a railway station in Warsaw, Poland, in the district of Śródmieście.	Warszawa Śródmieście railway station	Poland
country	Qotbabad (Persian: قطب آباد‎, also Romanized as Qoţbābād; also known as Kowtbābād and Qutbābād) is a city in and the capital of Kordian District, in Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qotbabad	Iran
country	Holta is a small farming village in the municipality of Strand in Rogaland county, Norway.	Holta	Norway
country	Trollskogen (``enchanted forest'' or ``troll's forest'') is a windswept, grazed pine forest and nature reserve in the northeast corner of the Baltic island Öland, Sweden (Böda socken, Borgholm Municipality).	Trollskogen	Sweden
country	Nizhnekamsk (Russian: Нижнекамск; IPA: (nʲɪʐnʲɪˈkamsk); Tatar: Cyrillic Түбән Кама, Latin Tübän Kama) is a city in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia, located to the south of the Kama River between the cities of Naberezhnye Chelny and Chistopol.	Nizhnekamsk	Russia
country	College of Innovation, Thammasat University (Thai: วิทยาลัยนวัตกรรม) is a graduate school in Thammasat University, Thailand.	College of Innovation, Thammasat University	Thailand
country	Spencer Dock (Irish: Duga Spencer) is a location within North Wall, Dublin, Ireland.	Spencer Dock	Ireland
country	Royston Head is a headland located on the west coast of the south-west tip of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia.	Royston Head	Australia
country	Sredny Vasyugan (Russian: Средний Васюган) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kargasoksky District of Tomsk Oblast, Russia, located on the left bank of the Vasyugan River near its confluence with the Varinegan, and 220 kilometers (140 mi) from Kargasok, the administrative center of the district.	Sredny Vasyugan	Russia
country	Vigo-Guixar railway station is a railway station in Vigo, Spain.	Vigo-Guixar railway station	Spain
country	Tállya is a village in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén county, Northern Hungary, 45 kilometres from county seat Miskolc, in the famous Tokaj-Hegyalja wine district.	Tállya	Hungary
country	Íþróttafélagið Höttur is an Icelandic sports club from Egilsstaðir in the center, of the east side of Iceland.	Íþróttafélagið Höttur	Iceland
country	Molista (Greek: Μόλιστα) is a settlement in the Ioannina regional unit in Epirus, Greece.	Molista	Greece
country	Kuvehi (Persian: كووه اي‎, also Romanized as Kūveh’ī; also known as Kovā’ī, Kovāy, Kowey, Kūbeh’ī, Kūveh, and Kūve’ī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kuvehi	Iran
country	David Newbury, general manager for Newcap Radio in Atlantic Canada stated that the company felt there was a ``void'' in the Saint John market that needed to be filled, and noted that Newcap was hoping CHNI-FM would emulate the success of its sister stations in other Atlantic Canadian markets.	CHNI-FM	Canada
country	Almazán (Spanish pronunciation: (almaˈθan)) is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain.	Almazán	Spain
country	Jostedal Church (Norwegian: Jostedal kyrkje) is a parish church in Luster Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Jostedal Church	Norway
country	Balnica (balˈɲit͡sa) (Ukrainian: Бальниця, Bal’nytsia) is a former village in the administrative district of Gmina Komańcza, within Sanok County, in the Subcarpathian Voivodeship (province) of south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Balnica	Poland
country	Rahmanlu (Persian: رحمانلو‎, also Romanized as Raḩmānlū; also known as Bandar-e-Rahmānlū and Rakhmanlu) is a village in Dizajrud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Rahmanlu	Iran
country of citizenship	Sushma Singh is the fifth Chief Information Commissioner of India.	Sushma Singh	India
country of citizenship	Carl Fredrik Nils Mesterton (16 September 1888 -- 10 November 1962) was a Swedish military captain who became known as the military commander on the scene at the Ådalen shootings in Sweden on 14 May 1931.	Nils Mesterton	Sweden
country of origin	The Weimar Republic, the successor state to the German Empire, implemented a program designed to update their remaining supplies of Gewehr 98 rifles for the Reichswehr in the years following World War I. Rifles allowed into service with the early Weimar security forces were stamped with a ``1920'' marking on their receiver ring.	Gewehr 98	German Empire
country of origin	The series is set in a small Norrbotten village, ``Bondånger'', and the view of the political problems who have affected Norrland since the 1970s, with decreasing population and unemployment when people move to the southern parts of Sweden.	Bondånger	Sweden
country of origin	Pacificanada is a National Film Board of Canada (NFB) Canadian documentary television miniseries about British Columbia which aired on CBC Television in 1975.	Pacificanada	Canada
country of origin	Garage Club is a French computer-animated cel-shaded television series aired on Nickelodeon (France) since September 2009 and on France 4 since September 2011.	Garage Club	France
country of origin	Sacred Silence (Italian: Pianese Nunzio, 14 anni a maggio) is a 1996 Italian film directed by Antonio Capuano that deals with a Catholic priest, his pederastic relationship with a Napolitan street boy, and the domination of daily life in Southern Italy by the Camorra.	Sacred Silence	Italy
country of origin	The Fighting Cholitas are a group of female lucha libre wrestlers who perform in El Alto, Bolivia.	Fighting Cholitas	Bolivia
country of origin	You've Got the Job is a television show that airs on the Seven Network in Australia.	You've Got the Job	Australia
country of origin	Sekuwa is very popular in Nepal, especially in the Eastern Nepal and Kathmandu.	Sekuwa	Nepal
country of origin	Amazing Cooking Kids is a 2011 reality cooking competition show in the Philippines that features children from ages nine to twelve years old.	Amazing Cooking Kids	Philippines
country of origin	My Favourite Album was a nationwide poll conducted by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation to discover Australia's most popular album.	My Favourite Album	Australia
country of origin	Planet Cake is a reality television series that follows the daily operations of one of Australia's most renowned cake businesses under the tight reign of Paris Cutler, known to her eclectic team of designers and decorators as The Cake Queen.	Planet Cake	Australia
country of origin	Journey to the West II is a Hong Kong television series adapted from the novel of the same title.	Journey to the West II	Hong Kong
country of origin	The RPG-27 was developed by the Soviet Union from the RPG-26.	RPG-27	Soviet Union
country of origin	Assassination in Rome (Italian: Assassinio made in Italy) is a 1965 Italian thriller film of the giallo genre directed by Silvio Amadio.	Assassination in Rome	Italy
country of origin	Bobtales is an Australian animated series of aboriginal dreamtime stories produced in Perth, Western Australia in 1997.	Bobtales	Australia
country of origin	Ghetto Justice II is an Hong Kong modern drama series produced by TVB.	Ghetto Justice II	Hong Kong
country of origin	De Droomfabriek (The Dream Factory) is a 2007 Dutch documentary produced and directed by Netty van Hoorn about the students at the Havo voor Muziek en Dans (High School for Music and Dance) in Rotterdam, the Netherlands.	De Droomfabriek	Netherlands
country of origin	The Eighth Happiness (八星報喜) is a 1988 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Johnnie To and starring an ensemble cast of Chow Yun-fat, Raymond Wong, Jacky Cheung, Carol Cheng, Cherie Chung, Fung Bo Bo and Fennie Yuen.	The Eighth Happiness	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bon Cop, Bad Cop claimed to be Canada's first bilingual feature film, although that accomplishment in fact belongs to Amanita Pestilens (1963).	Bon Cop, Bad Cop	Canada
country of origin	Savage Sisters is a 1974 women-in-prison film made in the Philippines and directed by Eddie Romero.	Savage Sisters	Philippines
country of origin	APTN Mainstage is a half-hour Canadian musical television series showcasing First Nations music from across Canada and North America.	APTN Mainstage	Canada
country of origin	Puchero is a type of stew originally from Spain, prepared in Yucatán, Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, Paraguay, Uruguay, the Philippines, and Spain, specifically the autonomous communities of Andalusia and the Canary Islands.	Puchero	Spain
country of origin	The Times of India gave 2.5 stars out of 5 and wrote, ``Irumbu Kuthirai has been publicized as a bike racing film but what really works is the romance...	Irumbu Kuthirai	India
country of origin	Legal Entanglement is a 2002 Hong Kong legal drama television series produced by TVB and starring Hacken Lee, Kenix Kwok, Michael Tse and Elaine Ng.	Legal Entanglement	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Race Race was a 2008 radio show on Australia-wide radio station Triple J by Australian comedian team The Chaser.	The Race Race	Australia
country of origin	Ngapartji Ngapartji was a community development and Indigenous language maintenance/revitalisation project produced by the Australian arts and social change company Big hART conducted in various locations across the Anangu, Pitjantjatjara and Yankunytjatjara (APY) Lands in Central Australia and in Alice Springs.	Ngapartji Ngapartji	Australia
country of origin	Kangaroo Creek Gang began as a series of books, extending to 40 titles with over one million copies sold around Australia.	Kangaroo Creek Gang	Australia
country of origin	Measure of Man (大男人, 小男人) is a Singapore Chinese Language drama, telecast on Mediacorp TV Channel 8, 9 pm.	Measure of Man	Singapore
country of origin	Ushpizin was filmed on location in Jerusalem, Israel.	Ushpizin	Israel
country of origin	Blueberry pie was first eaten by early American settlers and remains a popular dessert in the United States and Canada.	Blueberry pie	Canada
country of origin	A.F.R.I.K.A. opened in South Korea on 11 January 2002 and received a total of 9,800 admissions from a 9-screen release in Seoul.	A.F.R.I.K.A.	South Korea
country of origin	Shomoyer Kotha (Bengali: সময়ের কথা), which translates to ``Talk of the Time'', is a talk show on Bangladesh Television, the state-owned television network in Bangladesh.	Shomoyer Kotha	Bangladesh
country of origin	Mindgames is a progressive rock band from Belgium.	Mindgames	Belgium
country of origin	First RPG-32 'Nashshab' grenade launchers were to be delivered to Jordan from Russia in 2008, and it was planned that the RPG-32 and its ammunition would be mass-produced in Jordan under license at the JADARA factory.	RPG-32	Russia
country of origin	Dogs in Space grossed $367,351 at the box office in Australia.	Dogs in Space	Australia
country of origin	Dolphin Integration is a French Corporation headquartered at Meylan near Grenoble, France, since 1985.	Dolphin Integration	France
country of origin	Madre Luna (Mother Moon) is a Spanish-language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo and RTI Colombia.	Madre Luna	Colombia
country of origin	Broken House Chronicles is a Canadian television series which premiered in 2001 on HGTV (Canada) and is produced by Mountain Road Productions.	Broken House Chronicles	Canada
country of origin	U Choose 40 is a New Zealand music video show that has aired on C4 since 2006.	U Choose 40	New Zealand
country of origin	The Wrexham Guardian was a weekly newspaper from Wrexham, a town in northern Wales.	Wrexham Guardian	Wales
country of origin	Kamby arro is a popular dessert in Paraguay.	Kamby arro	Paraguay
country of origin	The Pallone di Gravina is a firm, cow's milk cheese from the regions of Basilicata and Apulia in south-east Italy.	Pallone di Gravina	Italy
country of origin	An Empire biscuit (Imperial biscuit, Double biscuit, German biscuit, Belgian biscuit Double Shortbread or Empire Cookie) is a sweet biscuit popular in the United Kingdom, particularly Scotland, and other Commonwealth countries.	Empire biscuit	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Afghan Alphabet (Persian: الفبای افغان‎, Alefbay-e afghan) is a 2002 documentary by Mohsen Makhmalbaf showing the life of children in the Afghan villages bordering Iran, and how their life and culture were affected by the Taliban regime.	The Afghan Alphabet	Iran
country of origin	Poisson Volant was quite new and had left Havre de Grace, France, some 18 days earlier.	Poisson Volant	France
country of origin	The series provides an in-depth look into Australia's bogan subculture, as the Bogan Hunters traverse the nation looking for Australia's greatest bogan.	Bogan Hunters	Australia
country of origin	During the tumultuous aftermath of the French Revolution, Canard-Duchêne still managed to appeal to the citizens of France who abhorred any symbols of aristocracy.	Canard-Duchêne	France
country of origin	Maple taffy (sometimes maple toffee in English-speaking Canada, tire d'érable in French-speaking Canada; also sugar on snow in the United States) is a sugar candy made by boiling maple sap past the point where it would form maple syrup but not so long that it becomes maple butter or maple sugar.	Maple taffy	Canada
country of origin	893239 or Yakuza-Nijusan-Ku is the project name for a collection of short films based on Yakuza (Japanese Mafia) and 23-区 (Ku, or special wards) in Tokyo, Japan.	893239	Japan
country of origin	Aspects of the content that can safely be considered true are the conflicts between England and France, church and state, and the outline biography of Becket.	Becket	France
country of origin	Babaeng Hampaslupa (English: The Hapless Woman; simplified Chinese: 女游民; traditional Chinese: 女遊民; pinyin: Nǚ yóumín) is a soap opera aired in Philippines by TV5 and starred by Susan Roces along with Alice Dixson and Alex Gonzaga and is directed by Eric Quizon and Joyce Bernal.	Babaeng Hampaslupa	Philippines
country of origin	Şəhər bağında xalq gəzintisi is one of the earliest films ever produced in the Cinema of Azerbaijan directed by Azeri cinema pioneer Aleksandr Mişon.	Şəhər bağında xalq gəzintisi	Azerbaijan
country of origin	Stars of Tomorrow is an Aruban reality-drama television series that premiered on ATV (Aruba) on May 5, 2010.	Stars of Tomorrow	Aruba
country of origin	Absolute Body Control is an electronic music project from Belgium.	Absolute Body Control	Belgium
country of origin	Aadhi Haqeeqat, Aadha Fasana (English title - Children of the Silver Screen) is 1990 Hindi/English language Documentary Feature film directed by Dilip Ghosh and produced by Ravi Malik in association with National Film Development Corporation of India.	Aadhi Haqeeqat, Aadha Fasana	India
country of origin	Arroz con pollo (rice with chicken) is a traditional dish of Spain and Latin America, closely related to paella.	Arroz con pollo	Spain
country of origin	Bedevil grossed A$27,300 at the box office in Australia.	Bedevil	Australia
country of origin	Amplang or also known as kerupuk kuku macan is a traditional savoury fish cracker snack commonly found in Indonesia and Malaysia.	Amplang	Indonesia
country of origin	Melody World (Burmese: သံစဉ်များနဲ့ကမ္ဘာ) is a televised singing competition broadcast in Myanmar by Myawaddy TV.	Melody World	Myanmar
country of origin	A Gundel pancake (original Gundel palacsinta) is a crêpe-like variety of pancake from Hungary.	Gundel pancake	Hungary
country of origin	Our First Home is a New Zealand reality television series.	Our First Home	New Zealand
country of origin	Dabu-dabu is a type of hot and spicy condiment commonly found in Manado cuisine of North Sulawesi, Indonesia.	Dabu-dabu	Indonesia
country of origin	Twin of Brothers is a 2004 Hong Kong television series based on the novel of the same Chinese title by Huang Yi.	Twin of Brothers	Hong Kong
country of origin	Scialatelli is a recent innovation, compared to many other pasta shapes from Italy.	Scialatelli	Italy
country of origin	In the United Kingdom, The Third Man was the most popular film at the British box office for 1949.	The Third Man	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Millwall brick was allegedly used as a stealth weapon at football matches in England during the 1960s and 1970s.	Millwall brick	England
country of origin	Mukhtiar Chadha collected ₹6.90 crore (US$1.0 million) gross across India in its opening weekend only.	Mukhtiar Chadha	India
country of origin	Beed Cola is a Peruvian range of soft drinks trademarked on February 25, 2003 by Industria Embotelladora del Oriente S.R.L. Beed Cola is produced in Pucallpa, Peru and sold throughout the Ucayali Region.	Beed Cola	Peru
country of origin	Fast Future Generation is a rockumentary DVD featuring Good Charlotte on tour in Japan.	Fast Future Generation	Japan
country of origin	In Italy, however, a wide variety of sausages are made, many of which are quite different from the product commonly known as 'Italian sausage' in the United States.	Italian sausage	Italy
country of origin	Piers Morgan On... is a British television travelogue programme presented by journalist Piers Morgan, broadcast on ITV in the United Kingdom.	Piers Morgan On...	United Kingdom
country of origin	Der Schneemann, also known as The Snowman, Snowman in July or The Magic Snowman, is a 1944 animated short film, created in Germany under the Nazi regime.	Der Schneemann	Germany
country of origin	Come On, Cousin (Traditional Chinese: 老表,你好hea!; literally ``Cousin, You Are So Lazy'') (Chinese: 老表,你好hea!; Jyutping: Lou5 Biu2, Nei5 Hou2 hea!) is a 2014 Hong Kong modern comedy drama produced by TVB.	Come On, Cousin	Hong Kong
country of origin	NPO Soul & Jazz is a digital radio station from Netherlands Public Broadcasting (NPO).	NPO Soul & Jazz	Netherlands
country of origin	Tyrolean grey cheese (Graukäse) is a strongly flavoured, rennet-free cows-milk acid-curd cheese made in the Tyrolean Alp valleys, Austria.	Tyrolean grey cheese	Austria
country of origin	3pm is a New Zealand children's show hosted by Suzy Cato.	3pm	New Zealand
country of origin	Interster (Afrikaans, Inter-star) (author Dr Johann Beukes 1949-2007) was a two-season science-fiction puppet television show made for children and shown in South Africa from the early 1980s.	Interster	South Africa
country of origin	The word Kiltro is a stylized spelling of the word quiltro, used in Chile and Bolivia to designate a mixed-breed dog.	Kiltro	Chile
country of origin	Robotboy is an American-British-French animated television series which is produced by French production company Alphanim for France 3 and Cartoon Network Europe, as well as the studios LuxAnimation and Cofinova 1.	Robotboy	France
country of origin	Life Belongs to Us (French: La vie est à nous) is a 1936 documentary propaganda film paid for by the Communist Party of France.	Life Belongs to Us	France
country of origin	Ustedes los ricos stars Mexican actor/singer Pedro Infante as Pepe, with a cast -- including Blanca Estela Pavón and Evita Muñoz ``Chachita'' -- that is very well known in Mexico for working in several films from the Golden Age.	Ustedes los ricos	Mexico
country of origin	Road to Nhill grossed $884,949 at the box office in Australia,.	Road to Nhill	Australia
country of origin	Revelation of the Last Hero is a 1992 Hong Kong wuxia romance television series produced by TVB and starring Aaron Kwok, Noel Leung, Ada Choi, Fennie Yuen, Frankie Lam and Bryan Leung.	Revelation of the Last Hero	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Fatal Wedding is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on a popular American stage melodrama which he and Lottie Lyell had toured around Australia.	The Fatal Wedding	Australia
country of origin	Saucisson, or ``saucisson sec,'' is a variety of thick, dry cured sausage that originates in France.	Saucisson	France
country of origin	The Kingdom of Solomon was going to be released internationally on November 2010 after its screening in Iran, but due to some technicalities its global release has been delayed.	The Kingdom of Solomon	Iran
country of origin	``Let Your Spirit Fly'' is a song performed by Jan Johansen and Pernilla Wahlgren in Sweden's preselection for the Eurovision Song Contest, Melodifestivalen 2003.	Let Your Spirit Fly	Sweden
country of origin	Once Upon a Time in China and America, also known as Once Upon a Time in China VI, is a 1997 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Lau Kar-wing and Sammo Hung in his last directorial effort until 2016's The Bodyguard, who also worked on the film's fight choreography.	Once Upon a Time in China and America	Hong Kong
country of origin	Splendid Fellows is a 1934 Australian film from director Beaumont Smith about an Englishman (Frank Leighton) who comes to Australia.	Splendid Fellows	Australia
country of origin	Close, Closed, Closure (סגר) is a documentary film by Ram Loevy that aired on Israel's Channel 8 on 5 August 2002.	Close, Closed, Closure	Israel
country of origin	A Chinese Odyssey is a two-part 1995 Hong Kong fantasy-comedy film directed and written by Jeffrey Lau, starring Stephen Chow, Athena Chu, Ng Man-tat, Yammie Lam, Karen Mok and others.	A Chinese Odyssey	Hong Kong
country of origin	Mengejar Mas-Mas is an Indonesia drama comedy movie.	Mengejar Mas-Mas	Indonesia
country of origin	The First Beautiful Thing (Italian: La prima cosa bella) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Paolo Virzì, produced by Medusa Film, Motorino Amaranto and Indiana Production, released in Italy on 15 January 2010.	The First Beautiful Thing	Italy
country of origin	For the Love of Cars is a one-hour automotive show starting in 2014 on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.	For the Love of Cars	United Kingdom
country of origin	Kallang Roar the Movie is a 2008 sports film on Singapore national football team's legendary coach Choo Seng Quee (played by Lim Kay Siu).	Kallang Roar the Movie	Singapore
country of origin	Rebirth of Mothra II, released in Japan as Mothra 2:	Rebirth of Mothra II	Japan
country of origin	Kolomba Sanniya (Colombo Mania) is a 1976 Sinhalese language comedy film directed by Manik Sandrasagara that follows the lives of middle and upper-class people in rural and urban Sri Lanka.	Kolomba Sanniya	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Game of Death II (Chinese: 死亡塔, aka Tower of Death and The New Game of Death) is a 1981 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Ng See-yuen starring Bruce Lee, Tong Lung, Huong Cheng Li and Roy Horan.	Game of Death II	Hong Kong
country of origin	Sven-Ingvars is a pop/rock group from Slottsbron, Sweden.	Sven-Ingvars	Sweden
country of origin	Second Captains Live is an Irish live topical sports and entertainment show produced and presented by Second Captains that first aired on RTÉ Two television in Ireland on 10 September 2013 at 10.30pm.	Second Captains Live	Ireland
country of origin	The People's Debate with Vincent Browne is a topical debate TV3 television programme in Ireland.	The People's Debate with Vincent Browne	Ireland
country of origin	Conforama is Europe's second largest home furnishings retail chain with over 200 stores in France, Spain, Switzerland, Portugal, Luxembourg, Italy and Croatia.	Conforama	France
country of origin	So in 1988 Yves Rocher (company), No. 1 of the beauty by mail order in France bought the company Petit Bateau.	Petit Bateau	France
country of origin	Pussy versus Putin is a 2013 Russian documentary film by the film collective Gogol's Wives chronicling the history of the group Pussy Riot and their struggle with the political regime in Russia.	Pussy versus Putin	Russia
country of origin	Glumpers is a CG animated television series by Motion Pictures, S.A.(Spain) co-produced with Televisió de Catalunya.	Glumpers	Spain
country of origin	Always Afternoon is a 1988 Australian mini series about German internees in Australia.	Always Afternoon	Australia
country of origin	¿Quién mató a Patricia Soler? is a 2014 Spanish-language telenovela produced by RTI Producciones for Colombia-based television network RCN TV.	¿Quién mató a Patricia Soler?	Colombia
country of origin	Twilight of a Nation is a Hong Kong television series based on the events of the Taiping Rebellion and the rise and fall of the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom during the late Qing dynasty.	Twilight of a Nation	Hong Kong
country of origin	Churmuri is a light snack food prepared out of puffed rice mixed with some seasonings of onions, spices, pepper, etc. It is typical of southern and eastern India namely, Maharashtra, Karnataka, West Bengal (Jhalmuri), etc.	Churmuri	India
country of origin	Weapons of Death was released in Italy on February 22, 1977 through the distributor Fida Cinematografica.	Weapons of Death	Italy
country of origin	Paranormal? is a paranormal documentary television series that premiered in the United Kingdom in July 2005 on the National Geographic Channel.	Paranormal?	United Kingdom
country of origin	Pfeffernüsse are tiny spice cookies, popular as a holiday treat in Germany, Denmark, and The Netherlands, as well as among ethnic Mennonites in North America.	Pfeffernüsse	Netherlands
country of origin	Vanillekipferl originate from Vienna in Austria and is a specialty of the Bavarian town of Nördlingen.	Vanillekipferl	Austria
country of origin	The Threshold of a Persona is a 2009 TVB television drama from Hong Kong produced by Marco Law.	The Threshold of a Persona	Hong Kong
country of origin	Dead Meat was filmed in and around the village of Leitrim, County Leitrim, Ireland.	Dead Meat	Ireland
country of origin	Fight Batman Fight! is an unauthorized 1973 Filipino Batman action-fantasy film produced by Pacific Films (Philippines).	Fight Batman Fight!	Philippines
country of origin	Those Terrible Twins is a 1925 Australian silent film directed J.E. Ward, a Papuan adventurer, who had previously made Australia's Own (1919).	Those Terrible Twins	Australia
country of origin	Chaddian Di Doli is a 1966 Punjabi film made in Bombay, Calcutta, India.	Chaddian Di Doli	India
country of origin	Norway - Upgraded to NASAMS 2.	NASAMS	Norway
country of origin	Telling the story of the Siliwangi Division and its leader Captain Sudarto on a march to West Java, Darah dan Doa is often cited as the first ``Indonesian'' film, and the film's first day of shooting -- 30 March -- is celebrated in Indonesia as National Film Day.	Darah dan Doa	Indonesia
country of origin	Limelight Years (Chinese: 華麗轉身; Jyutping: Waa4 Lai6 Zyun2 San1; literally ``Elegant Transformation'') is a 2015 Hong Kong romantic television drama created and produced by TVB, starring Liza Wang, Damian Lau, Linda Chung, Alex Fong and Eliza Sam as the main cast.	Limelight Years	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Criminal Investigator (Traditional Chinese: O記實錄; lit. The O Files) is a 1995 Hong Kong police procedural television drama.	The Criminal Investigator	Hong Kong
country of origin	Pan bati is a pancake that is made in the Netherlands Antilles.	Pan bati	Netherlands Antilles
country of origin	Assault on Wall Street was shot on location in and around Vancouver, Canada, and also in New York City.	Assault on Wall Street	Canada
country of origin	Dalekmania is a 1995 direct-to-video documentary released in the United Kingdom.	Dalekmania	United Kingdom
country of origin	The Kola Román is a Colombian soft drink that was invented in the city of Cartagena, Colombia in 1865 by Don Carlos Román.	Kola Román	Colombia
country of origin	NPO Radio 4 is a public-service radio channel in the Netherlands, broadcasting chiefly classical music.	NPO Radio 4	Netherlands
country of origin	In Pursuit of Peace is a Singaporean television drama set in Japanese-occupied Singapore during World War II. The series was first run on MediaCorp Channel 8 from 9 March to 11 May 2001 on Friday nights.	In Pursuit of Peace	Singapore
country of origin	Palattu Koman is a Malayalam film made in India in 1962.	Palattu Koman	India
country of origin	True Files (Chinese: 真实档案) is an English language television docu-drama telecast on MediaCorp Channel 5, with each episode re-enacting some major cases of crime in Singapore.	True Files	Singapore
country of origin	Pick Your Face is an Australia game show created by Banksia Productions for the Nine Network in 1999 until 2003, It hosted by Angus Smallwood.	Pick Your Face	Australia
country of origin	Caldo de siete mares (in English, ``seven seas soup''), also known as caldo de mariscos (``seafood soup'') is a Mexican version of fish stew, popular in coastal regions in Mexico.	Caldo de siete mares	Mexico
country of origin	La vendetta di Lady Morgan was distributed in Italy by I.N.D.I.E.F. when it was released on December 16, 1965.	La vendetta di Lady Morgan	Italy
country of origin	MTV Fanaah is a thriller television miniseries broadcast by MTV India.	MTV Fanaah	India
country of origin	Sex and Zen (Chinese: 玉蒲團之偷情寶鑑, ``The Carnal Prayer Mat's Stash of Illicit Love'') is a 1991 Hong Kong erotic comedy film directed by Michael Mak and starring Lawrence Ng and Amy Yip.	Sex and Zen	Hong Kong
country of origin	Yedyanchi Jatra is a Marathi film released in India on 3 February 2012.	Yedyanchi Jatra	India
country of origin	Comic Relief is one of the two high profile telethon events held in the United Kingdom, the other being Children in Need, held annually in November.	Comic Relief	United Kingdom
country of origin	Rookie Vets is a New Zealand reality series that follows seven students at New Zealand's only veterinary school at Massey University in Palmerston North, at work and at play throughout their fifth and final year, when they're just a few short months away from graduating and their first vet jobs.	Rookie Vets	New Zealand
country of origin	Santo contra el cerebro del mal (marketed as Santo vs. the Evil Brain and Brain of Evil outside of Mexico) is a 1961 Cuban-Mexican horror-action film directed by Joselito Rodríguez and starring Joaquín Cordero, Norma Suárez, Enrique Zambrano and Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta (who plays the title character, Santo).	Santo contra el cerebro del mal	Mexico
country of origin	The Lost Future was filmed in and around Cape Town, South Africa.	The Lost Future	South Africa
country of origin	In April 2008, the opera, ``Ça Ira'' by Roger Waters (from the musical group, Pink Floyd) was performed in Brazil by the Amazonas Philharmonic, at the Teatro Amazonas.	Amazonas Philharmonic	Brazil
country of origin	Willett Pot Still Reserve Bourbon is brand of a bourbon whiskey produced in Bardstown, Kentucky by Kentucky Bourbon Distillers, Ltd. (KBD), which is also known as the Willett Distillery.	Willett Pot Still Reserve	Kentucky
country of origin	Tylko Rock (Only Rock) is a monthly hobbymagazine in Poland about all kinds of rock music.	Tylko Rock	Poland
country of origin	Ab-normal Beauty (死亡寫真) (also Sei mong se jun) is a 2004 Hong Kong horror film directed and co-written by Oxide Pang.	Ab-normal Beauty	Hong Kong
country of origin	Little Krishna is a 3D computer-animated series which is a co-creation between BIG Animation and India Heritage Foundation (promoted by Akshaya Patra Foundation).	Little Krishna	India
country of origin	His story begins in 1155, when Baudolino - a highly talented Italian peasant boy - is sold to and adopted by the emperor Frederick I. At court and on the battlefield, he is educated in reading and writing Latin and learns about the power struggles and battles of northern Italy at the time.	Baudolino	Italy
country of origin	The Cook and the Chef was screened on ABC1 and was filmed in the Barossa Valley, South Australia.	The Cook and the Chef	Australia
country of origin	Güirilas originated in Palcila, a small town in Matagalpa, in the north of Nicaragua.	Güirila	Nicaragua
country of origin	The Aggression (released in West Germany as Der Angriff and in France as L'agression) is a 1987 West German movie.	The Aggression	West Germany
country of origin	Marriage Blue opened in South Korea on November 21, 2013 at third place in the box office, with a gross of ₩2.26 billion.	Marriage Blue	South Korea
country of origin	The Potato Factory is a 1995 fictionalised historical novel by Bryce Courtenay, which was made into a television miniseries in Australia in 2000.	The Potato Factory	Australia
date of birth	Mathieu Ladagnous (born 12 December 1984) is a French road racing cyclist who rides for FDJ.	Mathieu Ladagnous	12 December 1984
date of birth	Shardé Thomas (born 1990, Mississippi, United States) is an American fife player in the vanishing American fife and drum blues tradition.	Shardé Thomas	1990
date of death	Marjatta Raita (17 February 1944, Pori -- 27 September 2007) was a Finnish actress, who was best known for her role as Elisabeth Turhapuro in the Uuno Turhapuro movies directed by Spede Pasanen.	Marjatta Raita	27 September 2007
date of death	Prince Raphael Eristavi (Georgian: რაფიელ ერისთავი) (1824-1901) was a Georgian poet and playwright.	Raphael Eristavi	1901
developer	Digimon Battle Spirit is a fighting video game originally published by Bandai and developed by Dimps for the Japanese-only WonderSwan Color handheld system under the name Digimon Tamers:	Digimon Battle Spirit	Dimps
developer	Sharp Shot is a video game released by Mattel for its Intellivision video game system in 1982.	Sharp Shot	Mattel
director	Cheyenne Rides Again is a 1937 western film directed by Robert F. Hill.	Cheyenne Rides Again	Robert F. Hill
director	Me & Isaac Newton is a 1999 documentary directed by Michael Apted.	Me & Isaac Newton	Michael Apted
director	Adikkurippu is a 1989 Malayalam-language legal thriller film written by S. N. Swamy and directed by K. Madhu.	Adikkurippu	K. Madhu
director	Three Jumps Ahead is a 1923 American Western film directed by John Ford.	Three Jumps Ahead	John Ford
director	Monas verden (eng. Mona's World) is a Danish film from 2001, directed by Jonas Elmer.	Monas verden	Jonas Elmer
director	Niedorajda is a 1937 Polish film directed by Mieczysław Krawicz and produced by the Rex-Film studio.	Niedorajda	Mieczysław Krawicz
director	Mera Ghar Mere Bachche (My House My Children), (Mera Ghar Mere Bachchay) is a 1960 Hindi social family drama film produced and directed by Sohrab Modi.	Mera Ghar Mere Bachche	Sohrab Modi
director	God Is Brazilian (Portuguese: Deus É Brasileiro) is a 2003 Brazilian comedy-drama film directed and co-written by Carlos Diegues, based on a story by João Ubaldo Ribeiro.	God Is Brazilian	Carlos Diegues
director	Lovin' the Ladies is a 1930 romantic comedy film directed by Melville W. Brown, and starring Richard Dix, Lois Wilson and Allen Kearns.	Lovin' the Ladies	Melville W. Brown
director	The Witch's Curse (Italian: Maciste all'inferno) is an 1962 peplum-fantasy film, directed by Riccardo Freda.	The Witch's Curse	Riccardo Freda
director	Chłopaki nie płaczą (English: Boys Don't Cry) is a Polish movie directed by Olaf Lubaszenko.	Chłopaki nie płaczą	Olaf Lubaszenko
director	Let Me Tell Ya 'bout Black Chicks is an interracial pornographic film from 1985 directed by Gregory Dark and produced by the Dark Brothers (Gregory Dark and Walter Dark).	Let Me Tell Ya 'bout Black Chicks	Gregory Dark
director	Wedding at Lake Wolfgang (German:Hochzeit am Wolfgangsee) is a 1933 German musical film directed by Hans Behrendt and starring Hugo Schrader, Gustl Gstettenbaur and Oskar Sima.	Wedding at Lake Wolfgang	Hans Behrendt
director	Barefoot in Athens is a 1966 Emmy Award-winning Hallmark Hall of Fame television movie, directed by George Schaefer.	Barefoot in Athens	George Schaefer
director	The Sowers is a surviving 1916 silent film drama produced by Jesse Lasky, released through Paramount Pictures and directed by William C. deMille.	The Sowers	William C. deMille
director	Angels' Wild Women (originally titled Screaming Angels) is a 1972 biker film written and directed by cult director Al Adamson.	Angels' Wild Women	Al Adamson
director	Jump into Hell is a 1955 war film directed by David Butler.	Jump into Hell	David Butler
director	Act Normal is a 2006 Icelandic documentary by Olaf de Fleur.	Act Normal	Olaf de Fleur
director	``The Dark Side of the Mind'' is a science fiction/drama short film by Giacomo Mantovani.	The Dark Side of the Mind	Giacomo Mantovani
director	French Fried Vacation 2 (Les Bronzés font du ski) is a classic 1979 French comedy directed by Patrice Leconte.	French Fried Vacation 2	Patrice Leconte
director	Malini 22 Palayamkottai (or Malini 22) is a 2014 Indian film, directed by Sripriya.	Malini 22 Palayamkottai	Sripriya
director	Beast of the Yellow Night is a 1971 Filipino/American horror film, directed by Eddie Romero.	Beast of the Yellow Night	Eddie Romero
director	She Had to Say Yes is a 1933 American Pre-Code film directed by George Amy and Busby Berkley.	She Had to Say Yes	George Amy
director	Collector Malathy is a 1967 Indian Malayalam film, directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by AK Subrahmaniam.	Collector Malathy	M. Krishnan Nair
director	Ardeshir Mohasses & His Caricatures is a short film written, produced and directed by Bahman Maghsoudlou in 1972.	Ardeshir Mohasses & His Caricatures	Bahman Maghsoudlou
director	Beauty and the Paparazzo (Portuguese: A Bela e o Paparazzo) is a 2010 Portuguese movie directed by António-Pedro Vasconcelos starring Soraia Chaves and Marco d'Almeida.	Beauty and the Paparazzo	António-Pedro Vasconcelos
director	The Last Image (Arabic: الصور الأخير‎, translit. Al-coura al-akhira, French: La dernière image) is a 1986 Algerian drama film directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina.	The Last Image	Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina
director	Resan bort is a 1945 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg.	Resan bort	Alf Sjöberg
director	Raqeeb (Hindi: रक़ीब, Urdu: رقیب, translation: Rival (in love)) is a 2007 Bollywood action-thriller film directed by Anurag Singh (director), and produced by Raj Kanwar.	Raqeeb	Anurag Singh
director	Pulipaarvai, also called Puli Paarvai, is a Tamil film about Balachandran Prabhakaran directed by Praveen Gandhi.	Pulipaarvai	Praveen Gandhi
director	Maagiya Kanasu (Kannada: ಮಾಗಿಯ ಕನಸು) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy and produced by K A Gopal and Lakshman.	Maagiya Kanasu	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Ghetuputra Komola (Bengali: ঘেটুপুত্র কমলা Gheṭuputro Kômola, English: Pleasure Boy Komola) is a 2012 Bangladeshi musical film written and directed by Humayun Ahmed and produced by Impress Telefilm Limited.	Ghetuputra Komola	Humayun Ahmed
director	Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day (Russian: Винни-Пух и день забот) is a 1972 animated film by Soyuzmultfilm directed by Fyodor Khitruk.	Winnie-the-Pooh and a Busy Day	Fyodor Khitruk
director	New Year's Eve Punch (German:Silvesterpunsch) is a 1960 East German musical film directed by Günter Reisch and starring Erich Franz, Friedel Nowack and Erika Dunkelmann.	New Year's Eve Punch	Günter Reisch
director	Raja Rajendra (Kannada: ರಾಜ ರಾಜೇಂದ್ರ) is a 2015 Kannada comedy film written and directed by Pon Kumaran.	Raja Rajendra	Pon Kumaran
director	A Yank in the R.A.F. is a 1941 American black-and-white war film directed by Henry King, and is considered a typical early-World War II film.	A Yank in the R.A.F.	Henry King
director	Mr. Peek-a-Boo or Garou-Garou, Le Passe-muraille (often shortened to just 'Le Passe-muraille') is a 1951 French comedy farce film, directed by Jean Boyer.	Mr. Peek-a-Boo	Jean Boyer
director	Prem Kaa Game is a 2010 Bollywood romantic comedy film produced and directed by Ashok Kheny and starring Arbaaz Khan, Tara Sharma, Malaika Arora, Madhuri Bhattacharya, Rakesh Bedi, Johnny Lever and Sameer Kochhar.	Prem Kaa Game	Ashok Kheny
director	We Were So Beloved (1985) is a documentary film by Manfred Kirchheimer about Jewish survivors of the Holocaust living in Washington Heights, Manhattan in New York City.	We Were So Beloved	Manfred Kirchheimer
director	The Vanished Murderer (Chinese: 消失的凶手; pinyin: Xiāoshī de Xiōngshōu) is a 2015 period suspense crime action thriller film directed by Law Chi-leung.	The Vanished Murderer	Law Chi-leung
director	The Anarchist's Wife (Spanish: La mujer del anarquista) is a 2008 Spanish-Franco-German film directed by Maria Noelle and Peter Sehr.	The Anarchist's Wife	Peter Sehr
director	Three Married Men is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Edward Buzzell and written by Alan Campbell and Dorothy Parker.	Three Married Men	Edward Buzzell
director	Arishina Kumkuma (Kannada: ಅರಿಶಿನ ಕುಂಕುಮ) is a 1970 Indian Kannada film, directed by K. S. L. Swamy (Ravee) and produced by H V Nagendrappa, M V Dodda Veeranna, K V Nagabhushana Shetty, K G Veeranna, Mallikarjunappa and Thippeswamy.	Arishina Kumkuma	K. S. L. Swamy
director	Le Grand Méliès is a 1952 short documentary film directed by Georges Franju about the life of the film pioneer Georges Méliès.	Le Grand Méliès	Georges Franju
director	Vandanam is a 1989 Malayalam romantic comedy thriller film directed by Priyadarshan.	Vandanam	Priyadarshan
director	The Lickerish Quartet (original UK title: Erotic Quartet) is a 1970 drama film produced and directed by Radley Metzger.	The Lickerish Quartet	Radley Metzger
director	Redux Riding Hood is a 15-minute animated short film directed by Steve Moore and produced by Disney in 1997 that received an Oscar nomination for Best Animated Short Film.	Redux Riding Hood	Steve Moore
director	O Kadın is a 1982 Turkish romantic drama film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Gülsen Bubikoglu, Cihan Ünal, and Arsen Gürzap.	O Kadın	Halit Refiğ
director	Bucking Broadway is a 1917 American western film directed by John Ford, probably his sixth feature film.	Bucking Broadway	John Ford
director	Shourya (Kannada: ಶೌರ್ಯ) is a 2010 Indian Kannada language action film written by J. Siva Kumar and directed by Sadhu Kokila.	Shourya	Sadhu Kokila
director	Bambaru Avith (Sinhala, The Wasps are Here) is a 1978 dramatic film made by Sri Lankan director Dharmasena Pathiraja.	Bambaru Avith	Dharmasena Pathiraja
director	Dirty Grandpa is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Dan Mazer and written by John Philips.	Dirty Grandpa	Dan Mazer
director	Silver Bullets is a 2011 American film written and directed and stars Joe Swanberg.	Silver Bullets	Joe Swanberg
director	Two Tickets to London is a 1943 drama film made by Universal Pictures, and directed by Edwin L. Marin.	Two Tickets to London	Edwin L. Marin
director	Autoluminescent is a 2011 documentary film about musician Rowland S. Howard directed by Lynn-Maree Milburn and Richard Lowenstein.	Autoluminescent	Lynn-Maree Milburn
director	John Heriot's Wife (Dutch: De vrouw van de minister) is a 1920 Dutch-British silent crime film directed by Maurits Binger.	John Heriot's Wife	Maurits Binger
director	The Glenrowan Affair is a 1951 movie about Ned Kelly from director Rupert Kathner.	The Glenrowan Affair	Rupert Kathner
director	Agadam (English: Wickedness or Injustice) is a 2014 Indian Tamil horror film directed by Mohamad Issack, featuring Baskar, Srini Iyer, Thamizh, Kalaisekaran, Saravana Balaji, Sri Priyanka, Anisha and master Ajay.	Agadam	Mohamad Issack
director	Lost Angeles is a 2012 independent comedy-drama film directed by Phedon Papamichael, produced by Papamichael and Chris Gibbin, and written by Chris Merrill.	Lost Angeles	Phedon Papamichael
director	L.A. Takedown was written and directed by Michael Mann and its ensemble cast includes Scott Plank, Alex McArthur, Michael Rooker, Daniel Baldwin, and Xander Berkeley.	L.A. Takedown	Michael Mann
director	The Five Frankfurters (German:Die fünf Frankfurter) is a 1922 German silent historical film directed by Erich Schönfelder.	The Five Frankfurters	Erich Schönfelder
director	The Bicycle Racer (Spanish: El escarabajo) is a 1983 Colombian drama film directed by Lisandro Duque Naranjo.	The Bicycle Racer	Lisandro Duque Naranjo
director	Birthday Girl is a 2001 British-American drama and crime film directed by Jez Butterworth.	Birthday Girl	Jez Butterworth
director	Adrift in Manhattan is a 2007 film directed by Alfredo De Villa and written by Nat Moss based on a story by De Villa.	Adrift in Manhattan	Alfredo De Villa
director	The Money Corral is a 1919 American adventure silent film directed by William S. Hart and written by William S. Hart and Lambert Hillyer.	The Money Corral	William S. Hart
director	Yesteryou, Yesterme, Yesterday (記得...香蕉成熟時) is a 1993 Hong Kong Cantonese comedy-drama film directed by Samson Chiu and starring Fung Bo Bo, Ellen Lo, Eric Tsang, John Tang and Roy Wong.	Yesteryou, Yesterme, Yesterday	Samson Chiu
director	Tanju Miah (Bengali: তানজু মিয়া) is a 2006 British short documentary film directed and written by Sadik Ahmed.	Tanju Miah	Sadik Ahmed
director	Rötmånad (American title: Dog Days, British title: What Are You Doing After the Orgy?) is a Swedish dark comedy film from 1970 directed by Jan Halldoff.	Rötmånad	Jan Halldoff
director	Kalla Kulla (Kannada: ಕಳ್ಳ ಕುಳ್ಳ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada comedy drama film directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Shastry Associates.	Kalla Kulla	K. S. R. Das
director	Forever Strong is a sports film directed by Ryan Little and written by David Pliler and released on September 26, 2008.	Forever Strong	Ryan Little
director	Counterfeit Lady is a 1936 American comedy film directed by D. Ross Lederman.	Counterfeit Lady	D. Ross Lederman
director	Granny Get Your Gun is a 1940 comedy film directed by George Amy and written by Kenneth Gamet.	Granny Get Your Gun	George Amy
director	Jim, the Conqueror is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by George B. Seitz.	Jim, the Conqueror	George B. Seitz
director	Trop de bonheur (English: Too Much Happiness) is a 1994 French comedy drama film directed by Cédric Kahn who co-wrote screenplay with Ismaël Ferroukhi.	Trop de bonheur	Cédric Kahn
director	A Sanitarium Scramble is a 1916 American short comedy film produced by the American Film Manufacturing Company, released by Mutual Film and directed by B. Reeves Eason.	A Sanitarium Scramble	B. Reeves Eason
director	Don't Let the Angels Fall (French: Seuls les enfants étaient présents) is a 1969 Canadian drama film directed by George Kaczender.	Don't Let the Angels Fall	George Kaczender
director	Quicker'n a Wink is a 1940 American short documentary film about stroboscopic photography, directed by George Sidney.	Quicker'n a Wink	George Sidney
director	See This Movie is a 2004 comedy film written by David M. Rosenthal and Joseph Matthew Smith, and directed by Rosenthal.	See This Movie	David M. Rosenthal
director	Oru Pakka Kathai is an upcoming tamil film written and directed by Balaji Tharaneetharan.	Oru Pakka Kathai	Balaji Tharaneetharan
director	Breakfast at Sunrise is a 1927 silent film comedy directed by Malcolm St. Clair and produced by and starring Constance Talmadge.	Breakfast at Sunrise	Malcolm St. Clair
director	Anuragakottaram is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Vinayan and produced by Ramakrishnan.	Anuragakottaram	Vinayan
director	Directed by Jerry Blumenthal and Gordon Quinn, Taylor Chain I was the winner of the 1980 William Friedkin Award at the Chicago International Film Festival.	Taylor Chain	Gordon Quinn
director	No Marriage Ties is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by J. Walter Ruben and written by Arthur Caesar, H.W. Hanemann, Sam Mintz.	No Marriage Ties	J. Walter Ruben
director	Janaki Ramudu is a 1988 Telugu film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao and produced by K. Murari under Yuva Chitra Arts.	Janaki Ramudu	K. Raghavendra Rao
director	Shooting Straight is a 1930 American Pre-Code crime drama film, directed by George Archainbaud and starring the early RKO staple, Richard Dix, as well as Mary Lawlor.	Shooting Straight	George Archainbaud
director	Some Kind of Life is a 1995 TV drama written by Kay Mellor and directed by Julian Jarrold, starring Jane Horrocks and Ray Stevenson.	Some Kind of Life	Julian Jarrold
director	The Red Dice is a 1926 silent film crime drama directed by William K. Howard and produced by Cecil B. DeMille.	Red Dice	William K. Howard
director	Return from Hell (Romanian: Întoarcerea din iad) is a 1983 Romanian drama film directed by Nicolae Mărgineanu.	Return from Hell	Nicolae Mărgineanu
director	Sons of Bitches (Russian: Сукины дети, translit. Sukiny deti) is a 1990 Soviet drama film directed by Leonid Filatov.	Sons of Bitches	Leonid Filatov
director	Grean Fictions (Thai: เกรียนฟิคชั่น, rtgs: krian~) is a Thai comedy-drama film directed by Chookiat Sakveerakul and produced and distributed by Sahamongkol Film International.	Grean Fictions	Chookiat Sakveerakul
director	Fashions for Women is a 1927 American drama silent film directed by Dorothy Arzner and written by Paul Armond, Jules Furthman, Percy Heath, Herman J. Mankiewicz, Léopold Marchand and George Marion, Jr..	Fashions for Women	Dorothy Arzner
director	Faja Lobbi is a 1960 Dutch-Surinamese award-winning documentary film, directed by Herman van der Horst.	Faja Lobbi	Herman van der Horst
director	My Michael (Hebrew: מיכאל שלי‎, translit. Michael Sheli) is a 1976 Israeli drama film directed by Dan Wolman, based on the novel by Amos Oz. It was selected as the Israeli entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 48th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.	My Michael	Dan Wolman
director	The Genius Club is a 2006 film from the United States written and directed by Tim Chey.	The Genius Club	Tim Chey
director	Maanikya (English: The Ruby; Kannada: ಮಾಣಿಕ್ಯ) is a 2014 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Sudeep featuring Sudeep, V. Ravichandran, Varalaxmi Sharathkumar and Ranya Rao in the lead roles.	Maanikya	Sudeep
director	Thanthram (English: Artifice) is a 1988 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Joshiy and produced by Mathew George.	Thanthram	Joshiy
director	Serengeti Shall Not Die (German: Serengeti darf nicht sterben) is a 1959 German documentary film written and directed by Bernhard Grzimek.	Serengeti Shall Not Die	Bernhard Grzimek
director	Tenderly (internationally released as The Girl Who Couldn't Say No, also known as Il suo modo di fare) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Franco Brusati.	The Girl Who Couldn't Say No	Franco Brusati
director	Isle of Destiny is a 1940 American South Seas comedy adventure film directed by Elmer Clifton.	Isle of Destiny	Elmer Clifton
director	Chelsea on the Rocks is a documentary film directed by Abel Ferrara about the Hotel Chelsea.	Chelsea on the Rocks	Abel Ferrara
director	Kærlighed og Mobilisering (English: Put Me Amongst the Girls) is a 1915 Danish silent film directed by Lau Lauritzen Sr..	Kærlighed og Mobilisering	Lau Lauritzen
director	De Bereboot (The Bear Boat) is a Dutch children's programme from the 1970s written by Lo Hartog van Banda.	De Bereboot	Lo Hartog van Banda
director	Historia de un beso (English: Story of a Kiss) is a 2002 Spanish drama film directed by José Luis Garci and written by Garci and Horacio Valcárcel.	Story of a Kiss	José Luis Garci
director	Samurai Cop is a 1991 direct-to-video action-comedy film, produced by Orlando Corradi, written and directed by Amir Shervan and starring Robert Z'Dar, Matt Hannon, and Mark Frazer.	Samurai Cop	Amir Shervan
director	Three Outlaw Samurai (三匹の侍/Sanbiki no Samurai) is a 1964 Japanese chambara film by director Hideo Gosha.	Three Outlaw Samurai	Hideo Gosha
director	Language of Love (Swedish: Ur kärlekens språk) is a 1969 Swedish sex educational film directed by Torgny Wickman.	Language of Love	Torgny Wickman
director	Ek Paheli is a 1971 Bollywood thriller drama film directed by Naresh Kumar.	Ek Paheli	Naresh Kumar
director	Rich, Young and Pretty is a 1951 musical film produced by Joe Pasternak for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and directed by Norman Taurog.	Rich, Young and Pretty	Norman Taurog
director	Takin' It All Off is a 1987 straight-to-video release from Ed Hansen and Robert T.Gervasoni's Hansen / Gervasoni productions company, and provided a quick sequel to Hansen and Gervasoni's popular 1985 feature Takin' It Off.	Takin' It All Off	Ed Hansen
director	Passion According to Matthew (Muke po Mati) is a 1975 Croatian film directed by Lordan Zafranović, the third Egyptian Pharaoh and Meninist activist.	Passion According to Matthew	Lordan Zafranović
director	Bhoomi Thayiya Chochchala Maga (Kannada: ಭೂಮಿತಾಯಿಯ ಚೊಚ್ಚಲಮಗ) is a 1998 Kannada action- drama film directed and written by Rajendra Singh Babu.	Bhoomi Thayiya Chochchala Maga	Rajendra Singh Babu
director	A Lady in Love is a 1920 American silent drama film directed by Walter Edwards and written by Harriet Ford, Caroline Duer and Alice Eyton.	A Lady in Love	Walter Edwards
director	Finding Bliss is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by filmmaker Julie Davis (Amy's Orgasm).	Finding Bliss	Julie Davis
director	Mandela and de Klerk is a 1997 television film directed by Joseph Sargent.	Mandela and de Klerk	Joseph Sargent
director	Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo is a 1937 American movie directed by Eugene Forde.	Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo	Eugene Forde
director	Rendezvous in Space is a 1964 documentary film about the future of space exploration, directed by Frank Capra.	Rendezvous in Space	Frank Capra
director	A Balinese Trance Seance is a 1979 documentary film by ethnographic filmmaker Tim Asch and anthropologist Linda Connor that profiles Jero Tapakan, a Balinese spirit medium.	A Balinese Trance Seance	Tim Asch
director	Hallucinations of a Deranged Mind (Portuguese: Delírios de um Anormal) is a 1978 Brazilian horror film directed by José Mojica Marins.	Hallucinations of a Deranged Mind	José Mojica Marins
director	A Bottle in the Gaza Sea (French: Une bouteille à la mer, Quebec French: Une bouteille dans la mer de Gaza) is a 2011 drama directed by Thierry Binisti.	A Bottle in the Gaza Sea	Thierry Binisti
director	Poor Schmaltz is a 1915 American comedy silent film directed by Hugh Ford and written by Mark Swan.	Poor Schmaltz	Hugh Ford
director	Jim the World's Greatest is a 1976 drama film written and directed by Don Coscarelli and Craig Mitchell.	Jim the World's Greatest	Don Coscarelli
director	Freedom Comes High is a 1944 dramatic short film commissioned by the United States Government during World War II and directed by Lewis Allen.	Freedom Comes High	Lewis Allen
director	A Yank at Oxford (1938) is a British film directed by Jack Conway from a screenplay by John Monk Saunders and Leon Gordon.	A Yank at Oxford	Jack Conway
director	A Reason to Believe is a 1995 American drama independent film directed by Douglas Tirola.	A Reason to Believe	Douglas Tirola
director	The Old Scoundrel (Hungarian:A vén gazember) is a 1932 German-Hungarian drama film directed by Heinz Hille and starring Rosy Barsony, Tibor Halmay and Károly Sugar.	The Old Scoundrel	Heinz Hille
director	Ladies vs Ricky Bahl is a 2011 Indian romantic comedy film directed by Maneesh Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra.	Ladies vs Ricky Bahl	Maneesh Sharma
director	Once You Meet a Stranger is a 1996 Warner Bros. Television thriller directed by Tommy Lee Wallace.	Once You Meet a Stranger	Tommy Lee Wallace
director	``Symphony in Slang'' is a 1951 cartoon short directed by Tex Avery, written by Rich Hogan and released with the movie No Questions Asked by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.	Symphony in Slang	Tex Avery
director	Charlie Kay Chakkar Mein (English: Entangle with Charlie) is a 2015 Bollywood neo-noir crime thriller film written and directed by Manish Srivastav.	Charlie Kay Chakkar Mein	Manish Srivastav
director	The Midnight Wedding is a 1912 Australian silent film directed by Raymond Longford based on a popular Ruritanian stage play in which Longford had appeared.	The Midnight Wedding	Raymond Longford
director	The Nitwits is a 1935 American comedy film directed by George Stevens from a screenplay written by Fred Guiol and Al Boasberg, based on a story by Stuart Palmer.	The Nitwits	George Stevens
director	From Justin to Kelly is a 2003 American musical romantic comedy film written by Kim Fuller and directed by Robert Iscove.	From Justin to Kelly	Robert Iscove
director	A Coy Decoy is a 1941 Warner Bros. cartoon, directed by Bob Clampett and featuring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck.	A Coy Decoy	Bob Clampett
director	Porn of the Dead is a 2006 pornographic horror film written and directed by Rob Rotten.	Porn of the Dead	Rob Rotten
director	Always Together is a 1947 American comedy film directed by Frederick de Cordova and written by I. A. L. Diamond, Henry Ephron and Phoebe Ephron.	Always Together	Frederick de Cordova
director	Family Honeymoon is a 1949 domestic comedy film made by Universal International, directed by Claude Binyon, and written by Dane Lussier, based on novel by Homer Croy.	Family Honeymoon	Claude Binyon
director	La ragazza del lago, internationally released as The Girl by the Lake, is a 2007 Italian thriller-drama film directed by Andrea Molaioli, at his directorial debut.	The Girl by the Lake	Andrea Molaioli
director	Fathers and Daughters is a 2015 American-Italian drama film directed by Gabriele Muccino and starring Russell Crowe, Amanda Seyfried and Kylie Rogers.	Fathers and Daughters	Gabriele Muccino
director	Pick a Card, also known as Afula Express, is a 1997 Israeli romantic comedy drama film directed by Julie Shles.	Pick a Card	Julie Shles
director	His Lordship Regrets is a 1938 British comedy film durected by Maclean Rogers and starring Claude Hulbert, Winifred Shotter, Gina Malo and Aubrey Mallalieu.	His Lordship Regrets	Maclean Rogers
director	What's Up Superdoc! is a 1978 British sex comedy film, directed by sexploitation director Derek Ford and produced by Michael L. Green.	What's Up Superdoc!	Derek Ford
director	Two Wise Maids is a 1937 American drama film directed by Phil Rosen and written by Samuel Ornitz.	Two Wise Maids	Phil Rosen
director	Daniel & Ana is a 2009 Mexican drama-thriller film directed by Michel Franco.	Daniel & Ana	Michel Franco
director	Supersonic Man is a Spanish/Italian superhero movie directed by Juan Piquer Simón and released in 1979.	Supersonic Man	Juan Piquer Simón
director	Attack of the Giant Leeches is a low-budget 1959 science fiction film from American International Pictures, directed by Bernard L. Kowalski and produced by Gene Corman.	Attack of the Giant Leeches	Bernard L. Kowalski
director	Tragic Story with Happy Ending (French:Histoire tragique avec fin heureuse) is a 2005 animated short by Regina Pessoa.	Tragic Story with Happy Ending	Regina Pessoa
director	Sådan er Jeg Osse or That's Me, Too is a 1980 Danish drama film directed and written by Lise Roos.	That's Me, Too	Lise Roos
director	A Star Is Bored is a Warner Bros. animated cartoon of the Looney Tunes series, directed by Friz Freleng.	A Star Is Bored	Friz Freleng
director	Hideaways is a thriller fantasy with directed by Agnès Merlet and written by Nick Murphy.	Hideaways	Agnès Merlet
director	Kadha Thudarunnu (Malayalam: കഥ തുടരുന്നു; English: The Story Continues) is a 2010 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Sathyan Anthikad.	Kadha Thudarunnu	Sathyan Anthikad
director	African Cats is a 2011 nature documentary film directed by Keith Scholey and Alastair Fothergill about a pride of lions and a family of cheetahs trying to survive on the African savannah.	African Cats	Keith Scholey	Alastair Fothergill
director	Cinderella or the Glass Slipper (French: Cendrillon ou la Pantoufle merveilleuse) is a 1912 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès, based on the fairy tale by Charles Perrault.	Cinderella or the Glass Slipper	Georges Méliès
director	Picket 43 is a 2015 Malayalam-language Indian drama film written and directed by Major Ravi.	Picket 43	Major Ravi
director	Northwest Trail is a 1945 American contemporary Northwestern film directed by Derwin Abrahams shot in Cinecolor at Lake Hemet, California.	Northwest Trail	Derwin Abrahams
director	Tres de la Cruz Roja is a 1961 Spanish comedy film directed by Fernando Palacios and written by Vicente Coello and Pedro Masó	Tres de la Cruz Roja	Fernando Palacios
director	The Tic Code (also known as Lessons in the Tic Code) is a drama film directed by Gary Winick and written by Polly Draper.	The Tic Code	Gary Winick
director	Makaramanju (English: The Mist of capricorn) is a 2011 Malayalam language romantic drama film written and directed by Lenin Rajendran.	Makaramanju	Lenin Rajendran
director	Ganesha Subramanya, a Kannada comedy film directed by popular director Phani Ramachandra, is a story of two brothers who've been indoctrinated by their father into remaining bachelors.	Ganesha Subramanya	Phani Ramachandra
director	Amar Bhoopali (English : The Immortal Song, France : Le Chant Immortel) is a 1951 Indian film, produced and directed by V. Shantaram, written by Vishram Bedekar.	Amar Bhoopali	V. Shantaram
director	Life Returns is a 1935 American film directed by Eugene Frenke and James P. Hogan and released by Universal Pictures.	Life Returns	Eugene Frenke	James P. Hogan
director	13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film by director Alexandre Rockwell.	13 Moons	Alexandre Rockwell
director	I'll Sell My Skin Dearly (Italian: Vendo cara la pelle) is a 1968 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti.	I'll Sell My Skin Dearly	Ettore Maria Fizzarotti
director	Roll Bounce is a 2005 American comedy-drama film written by Norman Vance Jr. and directed by Malcolm D. Lee.	Roll Bounce	Malcolm D. Lee
director	Naan Aval Adhu (English: Me, Her, It) is an unreleased Indian Tamil horror film directed by Kona Venkat.	Naan Aval Adhu	Kona Venkat
director	Betty Boop's Bamboo Isle is a 1932 Fleischer Studios Betty Boop animated short, directed by Dave Fleischer.	Betty Boop's Bamboo Isle	Dave Fleischer
director	The World Without US is a documentary film created by Mitch Anderson and Jason J. Tomaric.	The World Without US	Mitch Anderson
director	If a Thousand Clarinets (Czech: Kdyby tisíc klarinetů) is a 1965 Czechoslovak film directed by Ján Roháč and Vladimír Svitáček.	If a Thousand Clarinets	Ján Roháč
director	Heebee Jeebees is a 1927 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan.	Heebee Jeebees	Robert F. McGowan	Robert A. McGowan
director	The Etruscan Mask is a supernatural horror movie written and directed by Ted Nicolaou.	The Etruscan Mask	Ted Nicolaou
director	Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer (English: Therefore, Go Ahead and Love, Tamil: ஆதலால் காதல் செய்வீர்) is a 2013 Indian Tamil romantic drama film directed by Suseenthiran.	Aadhalal Kadhal Seiveer	Suseenthiran
director	A Successful Failure (1934) is an American film directed by Arthur Lubin.	A Successful Failure	Arthur Lubin
director	The Other Person (Dutch: Onder spiritistischen dwang) is a 1921 Dutch silent mystery film directed by Maurits Binger.	The Other Person	Maurits Binger
director	Helle for Helene is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Birgitte Bruun.	Helle for Helene	Gabriel Axel
director	Sjätte skottet (English: Sixth Shot) is a 1943 Swedish drama film directed by Hasse Ekman.	Sjätte skottet	Hasse Ekman
director	The Greek Tycoon is a 1978 American drama film, of the roman à clef type, directed by J. Lee Thompson.	The Greek Tycoon	J. Lee Thompson
director	National Red Cross Pageant (1917) is an all-star revue silent film, now considered a lost film, directed by Christy Cabanne.	National Red Cross Pageant	Christy Cabanne
director	Das Tagebuch der Anne Frank (Anne Frank's diary) is a 2016 film directed by German Hans Steinbichler.	Das Tagebuch der Anne Frank	Hans Steinbichler
director	The Street Song or The Streetsweeper (German:Gassenhauer) is a 1931 German musical crime film directed by Lupu Pick and starring Ina Albrecht, Ernst Busch and Albert Hoermann.	The Street Song	Lupu Pick
director	Little Terrorist is a 2004 Indian short film directed, written and produced by Ashvin Kumar.	Little Terrorist	Ashvin Kumar
director	Criminals of the Air (aka Guardians of the Air and Honeymoon Pilot) is a 1937 American action film, directed by Charles C. Coleman.	Criminals of the Air	Charles C. Coleman
director	Companys, procés a Catalunya (Spanish: Companys, proceso a Cataluña) is a 1979 Spanish drama film directed by Josep Maria Forn.	Companys, procés a Catalunya	Josep Maria Forn
director	The Virgin Spring (Swedish: Jungfrukällan) is a 1960 Swedish film directed by Ingmar Bergman.	The Virgin Spring	Ingmar Bergman
director	Dentist on the Job is a 1961 British comedy film directed by C.M. Pennington-Richards, the sequel to Dentist in the Chair (1960).	Dentist on the Job	C.M. Pennington-Richards
director	Vikramadithyan is a 2014 Malayalam coming of age film co-produced and directed by Lal Jose.	Vikramadithyan	Lal Jose
director	A Chaos of Flowers (華の乱, Hana no ran) is a 1988 Japanese film directed by Kinji Fukasaku.	A Chaos of Flowers	Kinji Fukasaku
director	The Riot is a 1913 American short comedy film directed by Mack Sennett and starring Fatty Arbuckle.	The Riot	Mack Sennett
director	The Strange Love of Molly Louvain is a 1932 American Pre-Code crime drama film directed by Michael Curtiz.	The Strange Love of Molly Louvain	Michael Curtiz
director	Malamukalile Daivam (The God Atop the Hill) is a 1983 Malayalam film directed by P. N. Menon.	Malamukalile Daivam	P. N. Menon
director	They Met in Argentina is a 1941 American film, directed by Leslie Goodwins and Jack Hively for RKO Pictures, Hively had to come in and finish the picture after Goodwins was hospitalized for pneumonia.	They Met in Argentina	Leslie Goodwins
director	Sailaab is a Hindi movie directed by Indian film director Guru Dutt in 1956.	Sailaab	Guru Dutt
director	Eloïse's Lover (original Catalan title: Eloïse) is a 2009 Catalan-language Spanish film directed by Jesús Garay.	Eloïse's Lover	Jesús Garay
director	Daana Veera Soora Karna is a 1977 Telugu mythological film produced and directed by N. T. Rama Rao.	Daana Veera Soora Karna	N. T. Rama Rao
director	Promise Her Anything is a 1965 British romantic comedy film directed by Arthur Hiller.	Promise Her Anything	Arthur Hiller
director	Woman on the Beach is the seventh feature film by South Korean director Hong Sang-soo, and was released in 2006.	Woman on the Beach	Hong Sang-soo
director	Desert Sands is a 1955 American adventure film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Danny Arnold, George W. George and George F. Slavin.	Desert Sands	Lesley Selander
director	Razor Blade Smile is an 1998 British vampire film written and directed by Jake West.	Razor Blade Smile	Jake West
director	A Very Curious Girl (French: La Fiancée du pirate) is a 1969 French comedy-drama film directed, edited and co-written by Nelly Kaplan.	A Very Curious Girl	Nelly Kaplan
director	Happiness for Two (Stestí pro dva) is a 1940 Czechoslovak musical film, directed by Miroslav Cikán.	Happiness for Two	Miroslav Cikán
director	Sitaron Se Aage (Hindi: दुनिया; English: Ahead of the Stars) is a 1958 Hindi Black-and-white Family film written and directed by Satyen Bose.	Sitaron Se Aage	Satyen Bose
director	Duel Personalities is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney.	Duel Personalities	George Sidney
director	The Ten Gladiators (I dieci gladiatori, UK title: Ten Desperate Men) is a 1963 Italian film directed by Gianfranco Parolini.	The Ten Gladiators	Gianfranco Parolini
director	A Feather in His Hare is a Warner Brothers Looney Tunes animated short, directed by Chuck Jones.	A Feather in His Hare	Chuck Jones
director	Paadhai Theriyudhu Paar (English: Look, the path is visible) is a 1960 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Nemai Ghosh.	Paadhai Theriyudhu Paar	Nemai Ghosh
director	Cavegirl is a British TV series directed by Daniel Peacock.	Cavegirl	Daniel Peacock
director	Chandramukhi (English: Moon-faced beauty) is a 2005 Indian Tamil comedy horror film written and directed by P. Vasu, and was produced and distributed by Ramkumar Ganesan of Sivaji Productions.	Chandramukhi	P. Vasu
director	No Thanks, Coffee Makes Me Nervous (Italian: No grazie, il caffè mi rende nervoso) is a 1982 Italian giallo-comedy film directed by Lodovico Gasparini.	No Thanks, Coffee Makes Me Nervous	Lodovico Gasparini
director	Rani Aur Lalpari is a 1975 Bollywood children's musical film produced by Hari Prasad Nagaich & Rani Nagaich on Guru Enterprising Movies, directed by Ravikant Nagaich.	Rani Aur Lalpari	Ravikant Nagaich
director	Welcome to Me is a 2014 American dark comedy-drama film directed by Shira Piven and written by Eliot Laurence.	Welcome to Me	Shira Piven
director	Roger Touhy, Gangster is a 1944 American gangster film based on the life of Chicago mob figure Roger Touhy, directed by film noir specialist Robert Florey.	Roger Touhy, Gangster	Robert Florey
director	The Girl of the Night is a 1915 American silent crime film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney.	The Girl of the Night	Joe De Grasse
director	Follie di notte is an Italian erotic-documentary film directed by Joe D'Amato and released in 1978.	Follie di notte	Joe D'Amato
director	Strange Voices is a 1987 television film about schizophrenia directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman and written by Wayne and Donna Powers.	Strange Voices	Arthur Allan Seidelman
director	My Autograph is a 2006 released Kannada film which was directed, produced and enacted by Sudeep.	My Autograph	Sudeep
director	Kshana Kshanam (English: Every Second) is a 1991 Telugu Neo-noir, road movie written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma.	Kshana Kshanam	Ram Gopal Varma
director	Do Sholay is a 1977 Bollywood film directed by Sukhdev Ahluwalia.	Do Sholay	Sukhdev Ahluwalia
director	The Other Side of Heaven is a 2001 American adventure drama film written and directed by Mitch Davis based on John H. Groberg's non-fiction book In the Eye of the Storm.	The Other Side of Heaven	Mitch Davis
director	Chura Liyaa Hai Tumne (Captured by You) is an Indian Bollywood film which is directed by Sangeeth Sivan and released on 21 March 2003.	Chura Liyaa Hai Tumne	Sangeeth Sivan
director	The Man in the Photograph (Čovjek sa fotografije) is a Croatian film directed by Vladimir Pogačić.	The Man in the Photograph	Vladimir Pogačić
director	Catch My Soul is a 1974 film produced by Jack Good and Richard M. Rosenbloom, and directed by Patrick McGoohan.	Catch My Soul	Patrick McGoohan
director	The Palace of Angels (Portuguese: O Palácio dos Anjos; French: Le palais des anges) is a 1970 Brazilian-French drama film directed by Walter Hugo Khouri.	The Palace of Angels	Walter Hugo Khouri
director	Life or Something Like It is a 2002 romantic comedy/drama film directed by Stephen Herek.	Life or Something Like It	Stephen Herek
director	Marjoe is a 1972 American documentary film produced and directed by Howard Smith and Sarah Kernochan about the life of evangelist Marjoe Gortner.	Marjoe	Howard Smith	Sarah Kernochan
director	033 or Zero Three Three is a 2010 Bengali film directed by Birsa Dasgupta in a directorial debut and produced by Moxie Entertainments.	033	Birsa Dasgupta
director	Genghis Blues (1999) is a documentary film directed by Roko Belic.	Genghis Blues	Roko Belic
director	Three Dollars is a 2005 Australian film, directed by Robert Connolly and based on a novel of the same name by Elliot Perlman.	Three Dollars	Robert Connolly
director	Deep Dark Canyon is a 2012 American independent dramatic thriller film by husband and wife writer/director team Abe Levy and Silver Tree.	Deep Dark Canyon	Abe Levy
director	The Ragamuffin is a 1916 American silent drama film directed and written by William C. deMille.	The Ragamuffin	William C. deMille
director	Scat Cats is a 1957 Spike and Tyke cartoon produced and directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera.	Scat Cats	Joseph Barbera
director	La bête lumineuse (English: The Shimmering Beast) is a 1982 Canadian documentary film directed by Pierre Perrault, about a group of hunters who gather annually to hunt moose near Maniwaki, Quebec.	La bête lumineuse	Pierre Perrault
director	Gospel Hill is a 2008 film directed and produced by Giancarlo Esposito, who also stars in the film.	Gospel Hill	Giancarlo Esposito
director	Dracula Untold is a 2014 American dark fantasy action horror film directed by Gary Shore in his feature film debut and written by Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless.	Dracula Untold	Gary Shore
director	Engal Thangam (In English: Our Gold) is a Tamil thriller film directed by the famous team Krishnan-Panju released in 1970.	Engal Thangam	Krishnan-Panju
director	You Walk So Softly (German:Gustav Mond, Du gehst so stille) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Schünzel, Yvette Darnys and Jakob Tiedtke.	You Walk So Softly	Reinhold Schünzel
director	Gaudi Afternoon is a 2001 comedy film based on Barbara Wilson's detective novel and directed by Susan Seidelman.	Gaudi Afternoon	Susan Seidelman
director	Punjabiye Zubane (Punjabi: ਪੰਜਾਬੀਏ ਜ਼ੁਬਾਨੇ), also spelled as Punjabiye Zubaney, is an upcoming Punjabi film, directed by Manjeet Maan, expected to be released in 2013.	Punjabiye Zubane	Manjeet Maan
director	Margarita, Armando y su padre is a 1939 Argentine romantic comedy film directed by Francisco Múgica.	Margarita, Armando y su padre	Francisco Múgica
director	La tragedia del silencio (literally ``The Tragedy of Silence'') is a Colombian silent melodrama film directed by Arturo Acevedo Vallarino and first screened on 18 July 1924 at the Faenza theatre in Bogotá.	La tragedia del silencio	Arturo Acevedo Vallarino
director	Splatter Beach is a 2007 low-budget horror comedy film made by the prolific Polonia brothers.	Splatter Beach	Polonia brothers
director	Morgan's Last Raid is a 1929 American Western silent film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Harry Braxton and Bradley King.	Morgan's Last Raid	Nick Grinde
director	A partial remake of the 1976 Kannada Portmanteau film Katha Sangama and was an extended version of short story Munithayi which was appeared in that film, Kai Kodukkum Kai was written and directed by J. Mahendran.	Kai Kodukkum Kai	J. Mahendran
director	The Assassination of Richard Nixon is a 2004 American film, directed by Niels Mueller.	The Assassination of Richard Nixon	Niels Mueller
director	Battles of Chief Pontiac is a 1952 American quasi historical film directed by Felix E. Feist.	Battles of Chief Pontiac	Felix E. Feist
director	Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddham is a classical Telugu film directed by Bapu.	Sri Ramanjaneya Yuddham	Bapu
director	Mr. Rajkumar (Kannada: ಮಿಸ್ಟರ್ ರಾಜ್‌ಕುಮಾರ್) is a 1970 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by B. S. Ranga.	Mr. Rajkumar	B. S. Ranga
director	Mugavaree (English: Address) is a 2000 Tamil drama film directed by V. Z. Durai and produced by S. S. Chakravarthy.	Mugavaree	V. Z. Durai
director	Pleasures (1986) is a two-hour American television film written by Jill Gordon and directed by Sharron Miller.	Pleasures	Sharron Miller
director	Three Sons o' Guns is a 1941 American comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff and written by Fred Niblo, Jr..	Three Sons o' Guns	Benjamin Stoloff
director	Burnt Out (French: Sauf le respect que je vous dois) is a 2005 French drama film directed by Fabienne Godet.	Burnt Out	Fabienne Godet
director	Dhruva Thare (Kannada: ಧ್ರುವತಾರೆ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film directed by M. S. Rajashekar.	Dhruva Thare	M. S. Rajashekar
director	Underground Rustlers is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby, one of the films in the Range Busters series.	Underground Rustlers	S. Roy Luby
director	Revivre (Hangul: 화장; RR: Hwajang; lit. ``Cremation'' or ``Make-up/Cosmetics'') is a 2014 South Korean drama film directed by Im Kwon-taek and starring Ahn Sung-ki.	Revivre	Im Kwon-taek
director	Mohabbat Ki Kasam (Hindi: मोहब्बत की कसम) is a 1986 Bollywood action melodrama film directed by K. Pappu.	Mohabbat Ki Kasam	K. Pappu
director	Flintesønnerne is a 1956 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Flintesønnerne	Alice O'Fredericks
director	Peaceful Warrior is a 2006 drama film directed by Victor Salva and written by Kevin Bernhardt based on the novel Way of the Peaceful Warrior by Dan Millman.	Peaceful Warrior	Victor Salva
director	Andaaz is a 2003 Indian romantic musical film directed by Raj Kanwar and produced by Suneel Darshan.	Andaaz	Raj Kanwar
director	Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key (Italian: Il tuo vizio è una stanza chiusa e solo io ne ho la chiave) is a 1972 giallo film directed by Sergio Martino.	Your Vice Is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key	Sergio Martino
director	Joy de V. is a 2013 New York noir dramatic thriller film directed and written by Nadia Szold.	Joy de V.	Nadia Szold
director	A Problem with Fear, or Laurie's Anxiety Confronting the Escalator is a 2003 absurdist comedy film by Canadian film-maker Gary Burns.	A Problem with Fear	Gary Burns
director	Paris Frills (French: Falbalas), is a 1945 French drama film directed by Jacques Becker.	Paris Frills	Jacques Becker
director	Purushan Pondatti (English: Husband Wife) is a 1996 Tamil comedy drama film directed by N. K. Vishwanathan.	Purushan Pondatti	N. K. Vishwanathan
director	Calling All Husbands is a 1940 American comedy film directed by Noel M. Smith and written by Robert E. Kent.	Calling All Husbands	Noel M. Smith
director	Captain Mikula, the Kid (Kapetan Mikula Mali) is a Croatian film directed by Obrad Gluščević.	Captain Mikula, the Kid	Obrad Gluščević
director	Romance in Rhythm is a 1934 British mystery film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Phyllis Clare and David Hutcheson, David Burns.	Romance in Rhythm	Lawrence Huntington
director	Rahasya (English:Mystery) is a 2015 Indian murder mystery film which is directed by Manish Gupta.	Rahasya	Manish Gupta
director	Kathanayaka (Kannada: ಕಥಾನಾಯಕ) is a 1986 Indian Kannada film, directed by P. Vasu and produced by P Vimal Kumar and R Vijayalakshmi.	Kathanayaka	P. Vasu
director	Lawyer Man is a 1932 American Pre-Code drama film directed by William Dieterle, based on the novel by Max Trell.	Lawyer Man	William Dieterle
director	Aranjaanam is a 1982 Indian Malayalam film, directed by P. Venu and produced by PK Gopi.	Aranjaanam	P. Venu
director	Green Fire is a 1954 Eastmancolor MGM movie directed by Andrew Marton and produced by Armand Deutsch, with original music by Miklós Rózsa.	Green Fire	Andrew Marton
director	The Red Man's View is a 1909 American Western film directed by D. W. Griffith and shot in New York state.	The Red Man's View	D. W. Griffith
director	A Hunting Accident (Russian: Мой ласковый и нежный зверь, translit. Moy laskovyy i nezhnyy zver, My Affectionate and Tender Beast) is a 1978 Soviet drama film directed by Emil Loteanu.	A Hunting Accident	Emil Loteanu
director	Oklahoma Cyclone is a 1930 American Western film directed by John P. McCarthy that is a forerunner of the singing cowboy genre.	Oklahoma Cyclone	John P. McCarthy
director	An Affair of the Follies is a lost 1927 silent film romantic drama directed by John G. Blystone and distributed by First National Pictures.	An Affair of the Follies	John G. Blystone
director	I Always Loved You (Italian: Ti ho sempre amato!) is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by Mario Costa.	I Always Loved You	Mario Costa
director	Another South (Italian: Una storia sbagliata) is a 2014 Italian romance-drama film written and directed by Gianluca Maria Tavarelli and starring Isabella Ragonese.	Another South	Gianluca Maria Tavarelli
director	Mado, demand deposits (French: Mado, poste restante; Russian: Мадо, до востребования) is a French film 1990, directorial debut Aleksandr Adabashyan.	Mado, demand deposits	Aleksandr Adabashyan
director	Le sourd dans la ville (also known as Deaf to the City) is a 1987 Canadian drama film written and directed by Mireille Dansereau and based on the novel with the same name by Marie-Claire Blais.	Le sourd dans la ville	Mireille Dansereau
director	The War Lover is a 1962 British black-and-white war film directed by Philip Leacock and written by Howard Koch loosely based on the 1959 novel, The War Lover by John Hersey, altering the names of characters and events but retaining its basic framework.	The War Lover	Philip Leacock
director	And the Same to You is a 1960 British comedy film directed by George Pollock, and based on a stage farce by A.P. Dearsley.	And the Same to You	George Pollock
director	For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth (Swedish: För min heta ungdoms skull) is a 1952 Swedish drama film directed by Arne Mattsson.	For the Sake of My Intemperate Youth	Arne Mattsson
director	Transatlantis is a 1995 German drama film directed by Christian Wagner.	Transatlantis	Christian Wagner
director	Role Models is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Wain about two energy drink salesmen who are ordered to perform 150 hours of community service as punishment for various offenses.	Role Models	David Wain
director	¿Dónde estás amor de mi vida que no te puedo encontrar? (English language: Where Are You My Love, That I Cannot Find You?) is a 1992 Argentine drama film directed by Juan José Jusid and co-written with Ana María Shua.	¿Dónde estás amor de mi vida que no te puedo encontrar?	Juan José Jusid
director	Tojin Okichi (Japanese: 唐人お吉) is a 1930 film by Kenji Mizoguchi based on the novel by Gisaburo Juichiya.	Tojin Okichi	Kenji Mizoguchi
director	Such Great Foolishness (German:Die ganz großen Torheiten) is a 1937 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Paula Wessely, Rudolf Forster and Hilde Wagener.	Such Great Foolishness	Carl Froelich
director	Monkey Drummer is a 2.5-minute-long music video created by British music video director Chris Cunningham in 2001.	Monkey Drummer	Chris Cunningham
director	Bharya Bhartalu (Telugu: భార్యాభర్తలు) is a 1961 Telugu Drama film directed by Kotayya Pratyagatma and produced by Prasad Art Pictures.	Bharya Bhartalu	Kotayya Pratyagatma
director	An Affair of the Skin is a 1963 film written and directed by Ben Maddow.	An Affair of the Skin	Ben Maddow
director	Beauty in a Bottle is a 2014 Filipino comedy-satire film by Antoinette Jadaone.	Beauty in a Bottle	Antoinette Jadaone
director	1993, Shrabani Deodhar won National Film Award's Silver Lotus for 'Best Marathi Feature Film' for Lapandav.	Lapandav	Shrabani Deodhar
director	Punk's Dead (also known as Punk's Dead: SLC Punk 2) is an American comedy-drama film written and directed by James Merendino.	Punk's Dead	James Merendino
director	Djantoeng Hati was written and directed by Njoo Cheong Seng.	Djantoeng Hati	Njoo Cheong Seng
director	Let's Make It Legal is a 1951 American comedy film made by Twentieth Century-Fox, directed by Richard Sale and produced by Robert Bassler from a screenplay by I.A.L. Diamond and F. Hugh Herbert, based on a story by Mortimer Braus entitled ``My Mother-in-Law, Miriam''.	Let's Make It Legal	Richard Sale
director	The Kings of Appletown is a 2009 dramedy/adventure film starring brothers Dylan Sprouse and Cole Sprouse, written by Amanda Moresco, directed by Robert Moresco, and produced by Moresco Productions in association with Oak Films.	The Kings of Appletown	Robert Moresco
director	Gremlins is a 1984 American comedy horror film directed by Joe Dante and released by Warner Bros. The film is about a young man who receives a strange creature called a mogwai as a pet, which then spawns other creatures who transform into small, destructive, evil monsters.	Gremlins	Joe Dante
director	Utamaro and His Five Women or Five Women Around Utamaro (Japanese: 歌麿をめぐる五人の女 Hepburn: Utamaro o meguru gonin no onna) is a 1946 Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi.	Utamaro and His Five Women	Kenji Mizoguchi
director	Impossible on Saturday (French: Pas question le samedi, lit. ``No question Saturday'') is a 1965 Italian-French-Israeli comedy film co-production directed by Alex Joffé.	Impossible on Saturday	Alex Joffé
director	Mullum Malarum (English: Thorn and Flower or Thorns also Blossom) is a 1978 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by J. Mahendran and produced by Venu Chettiar and V. Mohan, with a soundtrack by Ilaiyaraaja.	Mullum Malarum	J. Mahendran
director	ABC miłości (ABC of Love) is a 1935 Polish film directed by Michał Waszyński.	ABC miłości	Michał Waszyński
director	Happy Mother's Day, Love George (also called Run Stranger Run) is a 1973 American mystery film, directed by Darren McGavin.	Happy Mother's Day, Love George	Darren McGavin
director	Dr. Madhurika (Modern Wife) is a 1935 social film directed by Sarvottam Badami based on a story by K. M. Munshi.	Dr. Madhurika	Sarvottam Badami
director	The Man in the Background (German: Der Mann im Hintergrund, Dutch:De man op den achtergrond) is a 1922 Dutch-German silent film directed by Ernst Winar.	The Man in the Background	Ernst Winar
director	Night Raiders is a 1952 American film directed by Howard Bretherton using a screenplay by Maurice Tombragel.	Night Raiders	Howard Bretherton
director	Rendavathu Padam (Tamil: ரெண்டாவது படம்; English: Second Film) is a Tamil film written and directed by C. S. Amudhan.	Rendavathu Padam	C. S. Amudhan
director	Hasee Toh Phasee (English: She Smiles, She's Snared!) is a 2014 Indian romantic comedy-drama film directed by Vinil Mathew and produced by Karan Johar and Anurag Kashyap.	Hasee Toh Phasee	Vinil Mathew
director	Thomas, Thomas is a 2010 German short mockumentary film, directed by German film director Corinna Liedtke.	Thomas, Thomas	Corinna Liedtke
director	Lost Junction is a 2003 thriller film directed by Peter Masterson and written by Jeff Cole.	Lost Junction	Peter Masterson
director	An Ambiguous Report About the End of the World (Czech: Nejasná zpráva o konci světa) is a 1997 Czech film directed by Juraj Jakubisko.	An Ambiguous Report About the End of the World	Juraj Jakubisko
director	Harpya is a 1979 short Belgian animated film written and directed by Raoul Servais.	Harpya	Raoul Servais
director	Nieznany (Unknown) is a 1964 Polish film, directed by Witold Lesiewicz.	Nieznany	Witold Lesiewicz
director	Marriage Is a Crazy Thing is a 2002 South Korean film, and the second film directed by South Korean poet-turned-director Yoo Ha.	Marriage Is a Crazy Thing	Yoo Ha
director	California Scheming is a 2014 American psychological thriller written and directed by Marco Weber.	California Scheming	Marco Weber
director	Rajaputhran is a 1996 Malayalam action-drama film directed by Shajoon Kariyal.	Rajaputhran	Shajoon Kariyal
director	Those Who Pay With Their Lives (Romanian: Cei care plătesc cu viaţa) is a 1989 Romanian drama film directed by Șerban Marinescu.	Those Who Pay With Their Lives	Șerban Marinescu
director	Yangsan Province (양산도 - Yangsando) aka The Sunlit Path is a 1955 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki-young.	Yangsan Province	Kim Ki-young
director	American Cousins was the debut feature for director Don Coutts, screenwriter Sergio Casci, Director of Photography Jerry Kelly and Editor Lindy Cameron The team had previously made three shorts:	American Cousins	Don Coutts
director	A Daughter of the Congo is a 1930 race film directed, written and produced by Oscar Micheaux.	A Daughter of the Congo	Oscar Micheaux
director	Without Consent (a.k.a. Trapped and Deceived) is a 1994 television film directed by Robert Iscove.	Without Consent	Robert Iscove
director	Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania (English: The bride of Humpty Sharma, abbreviated as HSKD) is a 2014 Hindi romantic-comedy film directed by Shashank Khaitan and produced by Karan Johar.	Humpty Sharma Ki Dulhania	Shashank Khaitan
director	Il 7 e l'8 (``7 and 8'') is a 2007 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giambattista Avellino and by Ficarra e Picone.	Il 7 e l'8	Giambattista Avellino
director	``Two Minutes Silence, I think, was the hardest job we've ever tackled'', said Paulette McDonagh at the time.	Two Minutes Silence	Paulette McDonagh
director	A Baltic Tragedy (Swedish: Baltutlämningen) is a 1970 Swedish drama film directed by Johan Bergenstråhle.	A Baltic Tragedy	Johan Bergenstråhle
director	Sidewalk Stories is a 1989 American low-budget, nearly silent movie directed by and starring Charles Lane.	Sidewalk Stories	Charles Lane
director	Warn That Man is a 1943 British comedy thriller film directed by Lawrence Huntington and starring Gordon Harker, Raymond Lovell and Finlay Currie.	Warn That Man	Lawrence Huntington
director	Om Allah is an upcoming film directed by Sameer Khan who was once associate director to Faisal Saif.	Om Allah	Sameer Khan
director	Barcelone, Parc au crépuscule is a 1904 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed by Segundo de Chomón.	Barcelone, Parc au crépuscule	Segundo de Chomón
director	Terminal Voyage (AKA: Star Quest or Starquest) is a 1994 science fiction film directed by Rick Jacobson.	Terminal Voyage	Rick Jacobson
director	True Bromance is a 2012 film by British filmmaker Sebastian Doggart which explores the absurd advice that friends and family give when someone falls in love.	True Bromance	Sebastian Doggart
director	Les Accords de Bella is a 2007 anthropological documentary film directed by David Constantin.	Les Accords de Bella	David Constantin
director	Summa Nachunu Irukku (English: It is Just Amazing) is a 2013 Tamil comedy film directed by A. Venkatesh.	Summa Nachunu Irukku	A. Venkatesh
director	Lady General Hua Mu-lan is a 1964 Hong Kong Huangmei opera musical film, directed by Yueh Feng, depicting the story of Hua Mulan.	Lady General Hua Mu-lan	Yueh Feng
director	Quel gran pezzo dell'Ubalda tutta nuda e tutta calda, internationally released as Ubalda, All Naked and Warm (though translated to Spanish as ``Ubalda la hermosa, ardiente y fogosa'') is a 1972 Italian comedy film directed by Mariano Laurenti.	Ubalda, All Naked and Warm	Mariano Laurenti
director	Rhythm and Blues Revue is a 1955 American concert film directed by Joseph Kohn and Leonard Reed.	Rhythm and Blues Revue	Leonard Reed
director	Two in the Wave (French: Deux de la Vague) is a 2010 French documentary film directed by Emmanuel Laurent.	Two in the Wave	Emmanuel Laurent
director	Tiny Times (Chinese: 小时代), also known as Tiny Times 1.0 is a 2013 Chinese romance drama film written and directed by Guo Jingming and based on the best-selling novel of the same name also by Guo.	Tiny Times	Guo Jingming
director	Osaka Wrestling Restaurant (traditional Chinese: 大阪達一餐; simplified Chinese: 香港厨神) is a 2004 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Tommy Law.	Osaka Wrestling Restaurant	Tommy Law
director	Poor Boy's Game is a Canadian feature film directed by Clement Virgo.	Poor Boy's Game	Clement Virgo
director	Andaru Dongale (Telugu: అందరూ దొంగలే) is a 1974 Telugu film directed by V. B. Rajendra Prasad.	Andaru Dongale	V. B. Rajendra Prasad
director	Aku Ingin Menciummu Sekali Saja (English: I Want To Kiss You Once) is a 2002 Indonesian comedy-crime film directed by Garin Nugroho.	Aku Ingin Menciummu Sekali Saja	Garin Nugroho
director	Pancho Tequila (Spanish: El Bronco de Caborca) is a 1970 Mexican comedy western film directed by Miguel M. Delgado and written by Luis Alcoriza.	Pancho Tequila	Miguel M. Delgado
director	Kutti Pisasu is a 2010 Indian Tamil-language fantasy film written and directed by Rama Narayanan, in his 121st venture.	Kutti Pisasu	Rama Narayanan
director	Scared Straight! is a 1978 documentary directed by Arnold Shapiro.	Scared Straight!	Arnold Shapiro
director	The Moralist (Italian: Il moralista) is a 1959 Italian comedy film directed by Giorgio Bianchi.	The Moralist	Giorgio Bianchi
director	Everything Will Be OK is a 2006 animated short film by Don Hertzfeldt.	Everything Will Be OK	Don Hertzfeldt
director	Left Handed Johnny West (Italian: Johnny West il mancino, also known just as Johnny West) is a 1965 Italian spaghetti western film directed by Gianfranco Parolini.	Left Handed Johnny West	Gianfranco Parolini
director	Some Guy Who Kills People is a 2012 American satirical-comedy film directed by Jack Perez and written by Ryan Levin.	Some Guy Who Kills People	Jack Perez
director	Six Bullets is an independent short western film written and directed by Graham Killeen.	Six Bullets	Graham Killeen
director	ABCD 2 (also known as Any Body Can Dance 2) is a 2015 Indian 3D dance film directed by Remo D'Souza and produced by Siddharth Roy Kapur under Walt Disney Pictures.	ABCD 2	Remo D'Souza
dissolved or abolished	Kaiser Motors (formerly Kaiser-Frazer) Corporation made automobiles at Willow Run, Michigan, United States, from 1945 to 1953.	Kaiser Motors	1953
dissolved or abolished	On 2 May 1945 Army Group C surrendered.	Army Group C	1945
dissolved or abolished	Hatra defeated the Iranians at the battle of Shahrazoor in 238, but fell to the Iranian Sassanid Empire of Shapur I in 241 and was destroyed.	Hatra	241
dissolved or abolished	The People's Unity Assembly (Catalan: Assemblea d'Unitat Popular, AUP) was an independentist organization and movement active between 1993 and 1996.	People's Unity Assembly	1996
dissolved or abolished	UC Riverside Highlanders football represented the University of California, Riverside from the 1955 through the 1975 college football seasons.	UC Riverside Highlanders football	1975
dissolved or abolished	Lotta Svärd was one of the groups which was disbanded, on 23 November 1944.	Lotta Svärd	23 November 1944
dissolved or abolished	Upper Canada existed from 26 December 1791 to 10 February 1841 and generally comprised present-day Southern Ontario.	Upper Canada	10 February 1841
dissolved or abolished	Stevens-Duryea was an American manufacturer of automobiles in Chicopee Falls, Massachusetts between 1901 and 1915 and from 1919 to 1927.	Stevens-Duryea	1927
dissolved or abolished	Although ownership of DigiCube was passed to the newly created Square Enix following the merger of Square with its former rival Enix in early 2003, it was already approximately 9.5 billion yen in debt.	DigiCube	2003
dissolved or abolished	Herut (Hebrew: חרות‎, Freedom) was the major right-wing nationalist political party in Israel from 1948 until its formal merger into Likud in 1988.	Herut	1988
dissolved or abolished	The Second Spanish Republic (Spanish: Segunda República Española) was the republican regime that existed in Spain from 1931 to 1939, preceded by the Restoration and followed by Francoist Spain after the Spanish Civil War.	Second Spanish Republic	1939
dissolved or abolished	Carpatho-Ukraine (Ukrainian: Карпа́тська Украї́на, Karpats’ka Ukrayina, pronounced (kɐrˈpɑtsʲkɐ ukrɐˈjinɐ)) was an autonomous region within Czechoslovakia from late 1938 to March 15, 1939.	Carpatho-Ukraine	1939
dissolved or abolished	Taiwan under Qing rule refers to the rule of the Qing dynasty over Taiwan from 1683 to 1895.	Taiwan under Qing rule	1895
dissolved or abolished	Seljuq Armenia refers to the period of Medieval Armenia under the Seljuq Empire, which began after its brief conquest by the Byzantine Empire with the fall of Bagratid Armenia in 1045 until the beginning of the Armenian-Georgian union in 1201 out of the turmoil of the fall of the Seljuq Empire in the same year.	Seljuq Armenia	1201
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Tortosa was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed for two separate periods: from 1010 to 1060 and from 1081 to 1099.	Taifa of Tortosa	1099
dissolved or abolished	The De Sanzy was a French automobile manufactured only in 1924.	De Sanzy	1924
dissolved or abolished	The Province of Brandenburg (German: Provinz Brandenburg) was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia and the Free State of Prussia from 1815 to 1946, from 1871 within the German Reich.	Province of Brandenburg	1946
dissolved or abolished	On January 22, 1946, Qazi Muhammad announced the formation of the Republic of Mahabad.	Republic of Mahabad	1946
dissolved or abolished	The Taifa of Jerez was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed in what is now southern Spain in 1145, until it was conquered by the Almohads.	Taifa of Jerez	1145
dissolved or abolished	Azad University Giant Team (UCI Team Code: IUA) was an Iranian UCI Continental cycling team based in Islamic Azad University, Tehran, Iran; the team was founded in 2007 and disbanded in 2013.	Azad University Giant Team	2013
dissolved or abolished	The Kingdom of Cayor (1549-1879) was the largest and most powerful kingdom that split off from the Empire of Jolof (Diolof), in what is now Senegal.	Cayor	1879
dissolved or abolished	On September 1st, 2014, SimBin Studios officially changed their name to Sector3 Studios, as part of a company restructuring.	Sector3 Studios	2014
dissolved or abolished	Some time between the years 102 and 107, between the first and second Dacian war, Trajan divided the province into Pannonia Superior (western part with the capital Carnuntum), and Pannonia Inferior (eastern part with the capitals in Aquincum and Sirmium).	Pannonia	107
dissolved or abolished	Aurum Hotels was an Italian professional cycling team founded in 1996 and disbanded in 2007.	Aurum Hotels	2007
dissolved or abolished	August 2011 Robin Hood Aviation filed for insolvency and ceased operations the following day.	Robin Hood Aviation	2011
dissolved or abolished	The Bishopric of Verdun formed together with Tull (Toul) and Metz the Three Bishoprics, which were annexed by France in 1552 (recognized in 1648 by the Peace of Westphalia).	Verdun	1552
dissolved or abolished	The Wassoulou Empire, sometimes referred to as the Mandinka Empire, was a short-lived (1878--1898) empire of West Africa built from the conquests of Dyula ruler Samori Touré and destroyed by the French colonial army.	Wassoulou Empire	1878
dissolved or abolished	After a period in bankruptcy administration, Lola Cars International ceased trading on 5 October 2012.	Lola Cars	2012
dissolved or abolished	Trpimirović dynasty (Croatian: Trpimirovići) was a native Croat dynasty that ruled, with interruptions, from 845 until 1091 in Croatia and was named after Trpimir I, the first member and the founder.	Trpimirović dynasty	1091
dissolved or abolished	The first Commander-in-Chief for the Mediterranean Fleet may have been named as early as 1665 and the Fleet was in existence until 1967.	Mediterranean Fleet	1967
dissolved or abolished	Young Finns (Finnish: Nuorsuomalaiset) was a liberal political party in Finland founded in 1994 and abolished in 1999.	Young Finns	1999
dissolved or abolished	The Reichsgau Sudetenland was an administrative division of Nazi Germany from 1939 to 1945.	Reichsgau Sudetenland	1945
dissolved or abolished	Bristol Siddeley was purchased by Rolls-Royce Limited in 1968.	Bristol Siddeley	1968
dissolved or abolished	The Five Days of Milan (Italian: Cinque giornate di Milano) were a major event in the Revolutionary Year of 1848 and the start of the First Italian War of Independence.	Five Days of Milan	1848
dissolved or abolished	The Democratic Republic of Yemen (Arabic: جمهورية اليمن الديمقراطية‎ Jumhūrīyat al-Yaman ad-Dīmuqrāṭīyah) was declared in May 1994.	Democratic Republic of Yemen	1994
dissolved or abolished	Established in 1699, the Saxe-Coburg-Saalfield line lasted until the reshuffle of the Ernestine territories that occurred following the extinction of the Saxe-Gotha line in 1825, in which the Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld line received Gotha, but lost Saalfeld to Saxe-Meiningen.	Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld	1825
dissolved or abolished	The Principality of Calenberg was a dynastic division of the Welf duchy of Brunswick-Lüneburg in the Holy Roman Empire from 1494 until 1705, when Elector George I Louis, Prince of Calenberg, inherited the Principality of Lüneburg to form the state of Hanover.	Principality of Calenberg	1705
dissolved or abolished	On 5 December 1936, it was elevated in status and named Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.	Kabardino-Balkar Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic	1936
dissolved or abolished	Mucky Foot Productions was a UK computer game development company, which existed from 1997 to 2003.	Mucky Foot Productions	2003
dissolved or abolished	The Tahirid dynasty (Persian: طاهریان‎‎) was a dynasty, of Persian dihqan origin, that governed the Abbasid province of Khorasan from 821 to 873, and the city of Baghdad from 820 until 891.	Tahirid dynasty	873
dissolved or abolished	Railtrack was a group of companies that owned the track, signalling, tunnels, bridges, level crossings and all but a handful of the stations of the British railway system from 1994 until 2002.	Railtrack	2002
employer	Stanley Reiter (April 26, 1925 -- August 9, 2014) was an American economist and Emeritus Professor at Northwestern University.	Stanley Reiter	Northwestern University
employer	Herbert S. Lewis (born May 8, 1934) is Professor Emeritus of Anthropology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, where he taught from 1963 to 1998.	Herbert S. Lewis	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Jakob Yngvason (born 23 November 1945) is an Icelandic/Austrian physicist and emeritus professor of mathematical physics at the University of Vienna.	Jakob Yngvason	University of Vienna
employer	Arnaldo Cohen served as a professor of piano at the Royal Academy of Music in London and currently is a professor at the Jacobs School of Music in Indiana (USA).	Arnaldo Cohen	Royal Academy of Music
employer	Michael Slinger is the Associate Dean for Information Services and Technology, Director of the Legal Information Center, and Professor of Law at the Widener University School of Law.	Michael Slinger	Widener University
employer	Gennaro Chierchia (born 10 September 1953 in Rome) is an Italian linguist and Haas Foundation professor of linguistics at Harvard University.	Gennaro Chierchia	Harvard University
employer	Heinz-Dieter Zeh (usually referred to as H. Dieter Zeh) (born 8 May 1932 in Braunschweig, Germany) is a professor emeritus of the University of Heidelberg and theoretical physicist.	H. Dieter Zeh	University of Heidelberg
employer	Gilbert Harman (born 1938) is an American philosopher, teaching at Princeton University since 1963, who has published widely in philosophy of language, cognitive science, philosophy of mind, ethics, moral psychology, epistemology, statistical learning theory, and metaphysics.	Gilbert Harman	Princeton University
employer	Eugene Nalimov (born Евгений Викторович Нали́мов (Yevgeny Viktorovich Nalimov) in 1965 in Novosibirsk, U.S.S.R.) is a chess programmer and former Microsoft employee, currently working for Context Relevant.	Eugene Nalimov	Microsoft
employer	Tricia Rose (born 1962) is a professor of Africana Studies at Brown University, cultural critic and public intellectual.	Tricia Rose	Brown University
employer	Hiram Wesley Evans (September 26, 1881 -- September 14, 1966) was Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, an American white supremacist group, from 1922 to 1939.	Hiram Wesley Evans	Ku Klux Klan
employer	Alice M. Isen was an American psychologist and Professor of Psychology and of Marketing at Cornell University.	Alice M. Isen	Cornell University
employer	Robert Stam is a University Professor at New York University, where he teaches about the French New Wave filmmakers.	Robert Stam	New York University
employer	Ryszard Horodecki (born 30 September 1943) is a Polish physicist and a professor of University of Gdańsk.	Ryszard Horodecki	University of Gdańsk
employer	Sabina Murray (born in 1968) is an award-winning Filipina American screenwriter, and a novelist currently a Professor in the MFA Program for Poets & Writers at The University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Sabina Murray	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Endre Boros (born 21 September 1953) is a Hungarian-American mathematician, a Distinguished Professor at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, New Jersey, and the Director of the Center for Operations Research (RUTCOR).	Endre Boros	Rutgers University
employer	Florentino García Martínez (born in Mochales, Spain in 1942) is a former Catholic priest, now married and for many years professor of religion and theology at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands.	Florentino García Martínez	University of Groningen
employer	Cynthia Dwork (born 1958) is an American computer scientist and a Distinguished Scientist at Microsoft Research.	Cynthia Dwork	Microsoft
employer	Russell D. Niles (June 7, 1902 -- September 16, 1992) was a lawyer and expert in trust and estates law, president of the New York City Bar Association, and a dean of New York University School of Law.	Russell D. Niles	New York University
employer	Tomoko Masuzawa is Professor of History and Comparative Literature at the University of Michigan.	Tomoko Masuzawa	University of Michigan
employer	Bertold Eisner (1875 - 1956) was a Croatian Jewish law professor at the University of Zagreb, pioneer of the Croatian Jurisprudence and writer.	Bertold Eisner	University of Zagreb
employer	Will Wyatt (born 7 January 1942) was formerly Managing Director, BBC Television (1991-6) and Chief Executive BBC Broadcast (1996-9).	Will Wyatt	BBC
employer	Abdirahman Hussein (born in Hargeisa, Somaliland) is a scholar and teacher who taught at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville.	Abdirahman Hussein	University of Tennessee
employer	Naguib Kanawati (born 1941) is an Egyptian Australian Egyptologist and Professor of Egyptology at Macquarie University in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Naguib Kanawati	Macquarie University
employer	Frederick Cornwallis Conybeare (14 September 1856 -- 9 January 1924) was a British orientalist, Fellow of University College, Oxford, and Professor of Theology at the University of Oxford.	Frederick Cornwallis Conybeare	University of Oxford
employer	Duncan Dowson CBE, FREng, FRS (born 31 August 1928) is a British engineer, and professor emeritus at the University of Leeds.	Duncan Dowson	University of Leeds
employer	Robin Richmond (1912--1998) was an English cinema organist and BBC Radio presenter and performer.	Robin Richmond	BBC
employer	Arnold Heertje (born 19 February 1934) is a Dutch economist, Emeritus Professor at the University of Amsterdam, writer and columnist.	Arnold Heertje	University of Amsterdam
employer	Until joining the Harvard University faculty in 2011, Jeffrey Schnapp was the director of the Stanford Humanities Lab from its foundation in 1999 through 2009.	Jeffrey Schnapp	Harvard University
employer	Charles Tilly taught at the University of Delaware, Harvard University, the University of Toronto, the University of Michigan, The New School, and Columbia University.	Charles Tilly	University of Delaware	University of Toronto	The New School
employer	Kevin Keasey, FRSA is Professor of Financial Services, Director of the International Institute of Banking and Financial Services (IIBFS) and Director of the Centre for Advanced Studies in Finance at Leeds University Business School, University of Leeds.	Kevin Keasey	University of Leeds
employer	Simon Bainbridge (born 30 August 1952) is a British composer, and a professor and former head of composition at the Royal Academy of Music, London, and visiting professor at the University of Louisville, Kentucky in the United States.	Simon Bainbridge	Royal Academy of Music
employer	Fritz Schachermeyr (1895-1987, also Schachermeyer) was an Austrian historian, professor at the University of Vienna from 1952 until retirement.	Fritz Schachermeyr	University of Vienna
employer	Grahame Thompson is a Professor of Political Economy in the Department of Politics & International Studies (POLIS) at the Open University, serving also as a visiting professor at Copenhagen Business School.	Grahame Thompson	Open University
employer	David E. Wellbery (born 1947) is an American professor of German Studies at the University of Chicago.	David E. Wellbery	University of Chicago
employer	Erik Fosse (born December 2, 1950) is a Norwegian physician, professor of medicine at the University of Oslo, and musician.	Erik Fosse	University of Oslo
employer	Jay R. Berkovitz is Professor of Judaic and Near Eastern Studies and director of the Center for Jewish Studies at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Jay R. Berkovitz	University of Massachusetts Amherst
employer	Kantano Habimana, commonly referred to as Kantano, was a presenter (animateur) on the Rwandan radio station Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines, which played a significant role in promoting the Rwandan Genocide.	Kantano Habimana	Radio Télévision Libre des Mille Collines
employer	Albrecht Dold studied mathematics and physics at the University of Heidelberg, then worked for some years at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, at Columbia University, New York and at the University of Zürich.	Albrecht Dold	University of Heidelberg
employer	Jeffrey H. Meyer is a scientist working with mood and anxiety disorders with neuroimaging at the Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto.	Jeffrey H. Meyer	University of Toronto
employer	Su-Chun Zhang (born 1963 in Wenzhou, Zhejiang), is an American stem cell researcher at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	Su-Chun Zhang	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Du Gangjian (Chinese: 杜钢建; Pinyin: Dù Gāngjiàn; born August 1956) is a law professor and Dean of Shantou University Law School.	Du Gangjian	Shantou University
employer	Herminio Dagohoy, O.P., is the 96th Rector Magnificus of the University of Santo Tomas (UST), the oldest and the largest Catholic university in Manila, Philippines.	Herminio Dagohoy	University of Santo Tomas
employer	Ronald Davis Bitton (February 22, 1930 -- April 13, 2007) was a charter member and president of the Mormon History Association, professor of history at the University of Utah, and official Assistant Church Historian in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Davis Bitton	University of Utah
employer	David Kershaw is a Professor of Law at the London School of Economics, specialising in company law.	David Kershaw	London School of Economics
employer	Nancy Nichols Barker (1925 -- 1994) was a professor of history at the University of Texas at Austin.	Nancy Nichols Barker	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Eliz Sanasarian is a professor of political science at the University of Southern California.	Eliz Sanasarian	University of Southern California
employer	Robert H. Williams is a Senior Research Scientist at the Princeton Environmental Institute (PEI), Princeton University.	Robert H. Williams	Princeton University
employer	In 1969 Charles Goldfarb, leading a small team at IBM, developed the first markup language, called Generalized Markup Language, or GML.	Charles Goldfarb	IBM
employer	Jeremy Pruitt (born May 28, 1974) is the defensive coordinator for the Alabama Crimson Tide football team.	Jeremy Pruitt	Alabama Crimson Tide football
employer	Karl Koester (born 2 April 1843 in Bad Dürkheim, died 1904) was a German pathologist and rector of the University of Bonn from 1898 to 1899.	Karl Koester	University of Bonn
employer	Harry Scott Smith (November 29, 1883 -- November 28, 1957), an entomologist and professor at University of California, Riverside (UCR), was a pioneer in the field of biological pest control.	Harry Scott Smith	University of California, Riverside
employer	Wilbur Crane Eveland was an intelligence agent known for his work with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in the Middle East.	Wilbur Crane Eveland	Central Intelligence Agency
employer	John Riccitiello is an American businessman who served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Electronic Arts (EA) from 1997 to 2004, then later CEO of Electronic Arts (EA) from 2007 to 2013.	John Riccitiello	Electronic Arts
employer	Roman Frydman (born February 29, 1948) is an American, Polish born economist at New York University and the author of more than ten books treating macroeconomic theory and privatization.	Roman Frydman	New York University
employer	Tadeusz Lehr-Spławiński (September 20, 1891 -- February 17, 1965) was a Polish linguist, scholar, professor of Slavonic studies and twice elected rector of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków before and after the Nazi German occupation of Poland.	Tadeusz Lehr-Spławiński	Jagiellonian University
employer	Jonathan Hopkin is Senior Lecturer at the Department of Government of the London School of Economics and Political Science.	Jonathan Hopkin	London School of Economics
employer	Robert E. Wyatt is a professor of chemistry at University of Texas at Austin, Department Chemistry and Biochemistry.	Robert E. Wyatt	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Janice Dean Willis, or Jan Willis (born 1948) is Professor of Religion at Wesleyan University, where she has taught since 1977; and the author of books on Tibetan Buddhism.	Jan Willis	Wesleyan University
employer	In 1939 Peter Lunn entered government service, and in 1941 he joined the Secret Intelligence Service (SIS).	Peter Lunn	Secret Intelligence Service
employer	David S. Wall FRSA FAcSS is Professor of Criminology at the Centre for Criminal Justice Studies, School of Law, University of Leeds, Leeds, England where he researches and teaches cybercrime, policing, organised and transnational crime and intellectual property crime.	David S. Wall	University of Leeds
employer	Peter Vallentyne (born March 25, 1952, in New Haven, Connecticut) is Florence G. Kline Professor of Philosophy at the University of Missouri in Columbia, Missouri.	Peter Vallentyne	University of Missouri
employer	Martin Fredrik Böök (May 12, 1883 in Kristianstad -- December 2, 1961 in Copenhagen) was a Swedish professor of literary history at Lund University 1920-24, a literary critic and writer.	Fredrik Böök	Lund University
employer	Kieran Healy is an Irish sociologist, an associate professor of sociology at Duke University, a member of the Kenan Institute for Ethics at Duke, and a regular visitor to the Research School in Social Science (RSSS) at the Australian National University.	Kieran Healy	Duke University
employer	Dennis Richmond (born May 26, 1943) is an American former news anchor who spent 40 years with Oakland, CA-based KTVU.	Dennis Richmond	KTVU
employer	Mohammed Ghanbari (Persian: محمد قنبری‎) is an emeritus professor in the Department of Electronic Systems Engineeringfocused in the areas of Video Networking at the University of Essex.	Mohammed Ghanbari	University of Essex
employer	Gérard Diffloth (born in Châteauroux, 1939) is a retired linguistics professor, formerly of the University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, and Cornell University, Ithaca, New York.	Gérard Diffloth	University of Chicago	Cornell University
employer	Lorne Spicer (born 16 September 1965 in Upminster, Essex) is an English television presenter best known for presenting reality shows on the BBC's current daytime output.	Lorne Spicer	BBC
employer	Pradeep Sindhu is Indian American entrepreneur who is the co-founder and Chief Technical Officer/Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of Juniper Networks Inc. He was also the CEO of the company until 1996.	Pradeep Sindhu	Juniper Networks
employer	Peter Limbourg (born July 7, 1960) is a German broadcast journalist and the Director-General of Deutsche Welle.	Peter Limbourg	Deutsche Welle
employer	Kristen Rudisill (born September 17, 1975) is a tenured Associate Professor of Popular Culture at Bowling Green State University, Research Associate in the South Asia Institute at the School of Oriental and African Studies.	Kristen Rudisill	Bowling Green State University
employer	Yang Lien-sheng (Chinese: 楊聯陞; July 26, 1914 -- November 16, 1990) who often wrote under the name L.S. Yang, was a Chinese-American sinologist and professor at Harvard University.	Yang Lien-sheng	Harvard University
employer	Michael Schlessinger is a mathematician at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill working in algebraic geometry.	Michael Schlessinger	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Eugene Polley (November 29, 1915 -- May 20, 2012) was an engineer and engineering manager for Zenith Electronics and most widely known for inventing the first wireless remote control for television.	Eugene Polley	Zenith Electronics
employer	Subhash Khot (born June 10, 1978) is an Indian born mathematician and theoretical computer scientist who is a Professor of Computer Science at the Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences at New York University.	Subhash Khot	New York University
employer	Dietrich Brandis was born in Bonn, the son of Dr. Christian Brandis, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Bonn.	Dietrich Brandis	University of Bonn
employer	Wolfgang Weisbrod-Weber was appointed as United Nations Secretary-General's Special Representative and Head of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (MINURSO) on 15 June 2012.	Wolfgang Weisbrod-Weber	United Nations
employer	Jonah Fisher is a correspondent for BBC News and its first resident correspondent for Myanmar.	Jonah Fisher	BBC
employer	Austin Wakeman Scott (1886--1981) was a professor of law at Harvard University who wrote a ten-volume treatise covering many topics of personal trusts such as the formation and termination of express trusts, resulting and constructive trusts, and the conflicts of interest encountered in the administration of trusts.	Austin Wakeman Scott	Harvard University
employer	Raphael Finkel (born 1951) is an American computer scientist and a professor at the University of Kentucky.	Raphael Finkel	University of Kentucky
employer	William H. Lash III (January 21, 1961 -- July 13, 2006) was the Assistant Secretary for Market Access and Compliance at the U.S. Department of Commerce from 2001 to 2005, and a professor at George Mason University School of Law.	William H. Lash	George Mason University
employer	Caspar Bartholin the Elder (/bɑːrˈtoʊlɪn, ˈbɑːrtəlɪn/; 12 February 1585 -- 13 July 1629) was born at Malmø, Denmark (modern Sweden) and was a polymath, finally accepting a professorship in medicine at the University of Copenhagen, Denmark, in 1613.	Caspar Bartholin the Elder	University of Copenhagen
employer	George Randolph Hearst III (born 1955) is the Publisher and CEO of the Times Union newspaper in Albany, New York, and a director of the Hearst Corporation.	George Randolph Hearst III	Hearst Corporation
employer	Philip Beales is a professor at the University College London Institute of Child Health.	Philip Beales	University College London
employer	In 1936, Émile Coornaert replaced François Simiand as Chair of Labour History at the Collège de France.	Émile Coornaert	Collège de France
employer	Ann Banfield, is a professor Emeritus of English at the University of California, Berkeley.	Ann Banfield	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Jeanine Basinger (born 3 February 1936), a film historian, was for many years the Corwin-Fuller Professor of Film Studies and Founder and Curator of The Cinema Archives at Wesleyan University, Middletown, Connecticut.	Jeanine Basinger	Wesleyan University
employer	Luciano Varela Castro was a judge of the Audiencia Provincial of Pontevedra for 23 years, and has been a judge Spanish Judge of the Supreme Court of Spain since 2007.	Luciano Varela	Supreme Court of Spain
employer	Hans Stille served as professor of geology at the University of Göttingen.	Hans Stille	University of Göttingen
employer	Zdzisław Jachimecki (Lwów, 7 July 1882 -- 27 October 1953, Kraków) was a Polish historian of music, composer, professor at the Jagiellonian University and the Kraków Music Academy, and member of the Polish Academy of Learning.	Zdzisław Jachimecki	Jagiellonian University
employer	M. Şükrü Hanioğlu is a Turkish professor of late Ottoman history in the Department of Near Eastern Studies at Princeton University.	M. Şükrü Hanioğlu	Princeton University
employer	Carl C. Taylor in as American softball coach who was the first coach in Rutgers University history to win a National Championship when he led the 2006 Rutgers-Camden Softball team to national championship victory in Raleigh, North Carolina, defeating the reigning National Champions, University of St. Thomas.	Carl C. Taylor	Rutgers University
employer	Bernhard Rumpe (born 1967) is a German computer scientist, professor of computer science and head of the Software Engineering Department at the RWTH Aachen University.	Bernhard Rumpe	RWTH Aachen University
employer	Max Wien (German pronunciation: (ˈviːn); 1866 -- 1938) was a German physicist and the director of the Institute of Physics at the University of Jena.	Max Wien	University of Jena
employer	William Frederic Pendleton (born March 25, 1845 in Savannah, Georgia -- November 5, 1927) was the first Executive Bishop of the General Church of the New Jerusalem, in Bryn Athyn, PA.	William Frederic Pendleton	General Church of the New Jerusalem
employer	Mari Simonen (born September 23, 1951) currently serves as Deputy Executive Director, External Relations, United Nations Affairs and Management of UNFPA, the United Nations Population Fund and focuses on United Nations reforms in particular.	Mari Simonen	United Nations
employer	Venkat Chandrasekaran is an Assistant Professor in the Computing and Mathematical Sciences Department at the California Institute of Technology.	Venkat Chandrasekaran	California Institute of Technology
employer	Ulrike Ottinger (born 6 June 1942) is a German filmmaker, documentarian photographer and professor at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee, Switzerland.	Ulrike Ottinger	European Graduate School
employer	Eva Harris (born August 6, 1965) is a professor in the School of Public Health at the University of California, Berkeley, and the founder and president of the Sustainable Sciences Institute.	Eva Harris	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Kirsteen O'Sullivan (born 24 November 1979) is a Scottish presenter on TV3 in Ireland.	Kirsteen O'Sullivan	TV3
employer	Henry Ashby Turner, Jr. (April 4, 1932 -- December 17, 2008) was an American historian of Germany who was a professor at Yale University for over forty years.	Henry Ashby Turner	Yale University
employer	Renato Janine Ribeiro is a Brazilian political philosopher and full professor of ethics and political philosophy at the University of São Paulo.	Renato Janine Ribeiro	University of São Paulo
employer	Dumitru Matcovschi (20 October 1939 -- 26 June 2013) was a writer from Moldova who was a member of the Academy of Sciences of Moldova.	Dumitru Matcovschi	Academy of Sciences of Moldova
employer	Lasse Simonsen (born 1953), is a professor at the University of Oslo.	Lasse Simonsen	University of Oslo
employer	César Alierta Izuel (born May 5, 1945) is a Spanish businessman, who has been the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Telefónica S.A. since July 26, 2000 where he guided the company through a significant Latin American expansion.	César Alierta	Telefónica
employer	David Dimbleby (born 28 October 1938) is a British journalist and a presenter of current affairs and political programmes, now best known for the BBC's long running Question Time television series.	David Dimbleby	BBC
employer	Elizabeth Cowper (born 1952) is Professor Emeritus of linguistics at the University of Toronto.	Elizabeth Cowper	University of Toronto
employer	Ashok K. Chandra was a computer scientist at Microsoft Research in Mountain View, California, USA, where he was a general manager at the Internet Services Research Center.	Ashok K. Chandra	Microsoft
employer	Barbara Myerhoff (February 16, 1935 -- January 7, 1985) was an American anthropologist and filmmaker, and founder of the Center for Visual Anthropology at the University of Southern California.	Barbara Myerhoff	University of Southern California
employer	George Boas (/ˈboʊæz/; 28 August 1891 -- 17 March 1980) was a Professor of Philosophy at Johns Hopkins University.	George Boas	Johns Hopkins University
employer	Vic Allen (12 January 1923 -- 26 October 2014) was a British sociologist, historian, economist and Emeritus Professor at the University of Leeds who worked closely with British trade unions, the peace movement and anti-apartheid activists.	Vic Allen	University of Leeds
employer	David A. Moss (born October 23, 1964), is a writer and professor at the Harvard Business School of the Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.	David A. Moss	Harvard University
employer	Robert Sonkowsky (also Robert Paul Sonkowsky or Robert P. Sonkowsky; c. 1931 -- November 16, 2014) was a professor emeritus of Classical and Near Eastern Studies at the University of Minnesota.	Robert Sonkowsky	University of Minnesota
employer	Charles E. Sheedy, C.S.C. (July 1, 1912 -- April 17, 1990) was an American priest and theologian of the Congregation of Holy Cross and an administrator at the University of Notre Dame.	Charles E. Sheedy	University of Notre Dame
employer	Thomas Christian Wyller (16 September 1922 -- 24 April 2012) was a professor of political science at the University of Oslo.	Thomas Christian Wyller	University of Oslo
employer	Kate Silverton (born 4 August 1970) is an English journalist, currently employed by the BBC.	Kate Silverton	BBC
employer	Richard E. Rubenstein (born February 24, 1938) is an author and University Professor of Conflict Resolution and Public Affairs at George Mason University, holding degrees from Harvard College, Oxford University (as a Rhodes Scholar), and Harvard Law School.	Richard E. Rubenstein	George Mason University
employer	Jacques Rancière (born 1940) is a French philosopher Professor of Philosophy at European Graduate School in Saas-Fee and Emeritus Professor of Philosophy at the University of Paris (St. Denis) who came to prominence when he co-authored Reading Capital (1968), with the structuralist Marxist philosopher Louis Althusser.	Jacques Rancière	European Graduate School
employer	Michele Weldon is an author, journalist, keynote speaker, and assistant professor at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism.	Michele Weldon	Northwestern University
employer	Malke Bina is the founder and first teacher of Matan Women's Institute for Torah Studies.	Malke Bina	Matan Women's Institute for Torah Studies
employer	Rigsy has presented Across The Line on BBC Radio Ulster since 2002 and over 30 episodes of ATL TV on BBC Two Northern Ireland.	Rigsy	BBC
employer	Hereward Thimbleby Price (1880--1964) was an English author and Professor of English at the University of Michigan.	Hereward Thimbleby Price	University of Michigan
employer	Sivakant Tiwari, P.P.A.(E.), P.B.S., P.P.A.(E.)(L.), P.J.G. (20 December 1945 -- 26 July 2010), known professionally as S. Tiwari, was a senior legal officer of the Singapore Legal Service.	Sivakant Tiwari	Singapore Legal Service
employer	Wilhelm Krüger (died May 2, 1943), sometimes referred to as ``The Heydrich of Poland'' was the Chief of Gestapo operations in Nazi-occupied Poland during World War II. Like Reinhard Heydrich, Krüger was assassinated by resistance fighters.	Wilhelm Krüger	Gestapo
employer	Fellow history professor at Madison, Maurice Meisner, befriended Goldberg and helped to found the Harvey Goldberg Center for the Study of Contemporary History at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison after his passing.	Harvey Goldberg	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Arthur J. Collingsworth (February 28, 1944 -- July 23, 2013) was a retired American United Nations official, international student exchange executive, consultant on international fund raising and real estate investor.	Arthur J. Collingsworth	United Nations
employer	Robert F. Beck (born 1943) is Richard B. Couch Professor of Naval Architecture and Marine Engineering at the University of Michigan.	Robert F. Beck	University of Michigan
employer	Randy L. Bott (born 1945 in Northern Utah) was an American professor of religion at Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah, United States.	Randy L. Bott	Brigham Young University
employer	Karl Theodor Paschke is a former Under Secretary General for the United Nations.	Karl Theodor Paschke	United Nations
employer	Steven H. Low is a Professor of the Computing and Mathematical Sciences Department and the Electrical Engineering Department at the California Institute of Technology.	Steven H. Low	California Institute of Technology
employer	Francisco Javier Carrillo Gamboa is a Mexican professor and researcher in knowledge systems and knowledge administration with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education (Tec de Monterrey).	Francisco Javier Carrillo Gamboa	Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education
employer	Annette Kolodny (born 1941) is a feminist literary critic and activist, and currently holds the position of College of Humanities Professor Emerita of American Literature and Culture at the University of Arizona in Tucson.	Annette Kolodny	University of Arizona
father	Little is known about Zhang Zuo's personal background, other than that he was Zhang Jun's oldest son, but was not designated heir apparent.	Zhang Zuo	Zhang Jun
father	Baldwin of Avesnes (September 1219 in Oizy -- 10 April 1295 in Avesnes) was a son of Bouchard IV of Avesnes and his wife, Margaret II of Flanders.	Baldwin of Avesnes	Bouchard IV of Avesnes
father	William Montagu, 2nd Duke of Manchester, KB (April 1700 -- 21 October 1739) was the son of Charles Montagu, 1st Duke of Manchester.	William Montagu, 2nd Duke of Manchester	Charles Montagu, 1st Duke of Manchester
father	Christine Alix de Massy (Noghès) (Monaco, 8 July 1951 -- Nice, 15 February 1989) was born to Princess Antoinette of Monaco and her then lover Alexandre-Athenase Noghès.	Christine Alix de Massy	Alexandre-Athenase Noghès
father	Geoffrey Hoyle (born 1942) is an English science fiction writer, best known for the works which he co-authored with his father, the astronomer Sir Fred Hoyle.	Geoffrey Hoyle	Fred Hoyle
father	Jacques Auguste de Thou was the grandson of Augustin de Thou, president of the parlement of Paris (d. 1544), and the third son of Christophe de Thou (d. 1582), premier président of the same parlement, who had had ambitions to produce a history of France.	Jacques Auguste de Thou	Christophe de Thou
father	Sir Martin was sired by the imported British stallion, Ogden, who had been imported as a foal with his dam Oriole to Marcus Daly's Bitteroot Farm in Montana.	Sir Martin	Ogden
father	Nasiruddin Mahmud (reigned: 1227--1229) was the son of Sultan Shamsuddin Iltutmish.	Nasiruddin Mahmud	Iltutmish
father	Karl Joseph Alois of Limburg Stirum, count of Limburg Stirum from the branch Limburg-Styrum-Iller-Aichheim, was the son of Maximilian Wilhelm of Limburg Stirum.	Alois of Limburg Stirum	Maximilian Wilhelm of Limburg Stirum
father	Helena Sverkersdotter of Sweden (c. 1190 -- 1247) was a Swedish princess and abbess, daughter of King Sverker II of Sweden and the mother of Queen Catherine of Sweden.	Helena Sverkersdotter of Sweden	Sverker II of Sweden
father	Danzhu (丹朱) was the son of the legendary Chinese Emperor Yao (Tang Yao).	Danzhu	Emperor Yao
father	One of the last by the great foundation stallion, blind Lexington, still standing at what by then was A. J. Alexander's Woodburn Stud in Kentucky, Tom Ochiltree was an enormous colt, eventually reaching 16 hands 2½ inches high with a girth of 76 inches.	Tom Ochiltree	Lexington
father	Dorieus (Greek: Δωριεύς) was a Spartan prince of the Agiad dynasty who lived in the 6th century BC. Dorieus was the son of King Anaxandridas II and his first wife.	Dorieus	Anaxandridas II
father	Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray suo jure (Late 1565 -- 18 November 1591), was the daughter of James Stewart, 1st Earl of Moray and Agnes Keith.	Elizabeth Stuart, 2nd Countess of Moray	James Stewart, 1st Earl of Moray
father	Alcinous (/ælˈsɪnoʊəs/; Greek: Ἀλκίνους or Ἀλκίνοος, Alkínoös) was, in Greek mythology, a son of Nausithous, or of Phaeax (the son of Poseidon and Corcyra), and father of Nausicaa, Halius, Clytoneus and Laodamas with Arete.	Alcinous	Phaeax
father	Leonardus Lessius (Dutch: Lenaert Leys; 1 October 1554, Brecht -- 15 January 1623, Leuven) was a Flemish moral theologian from the Jesuit order.	Leonardus Lessius	Lenaert Leys
father	Nicolas De Santis is the son of Spanish actress Maria Cuadra and film producer Eduardo De Santis.	Nicolas De Santis	Eduardo De Santis
father	Mahendravarman II (Tamil: இரண்டாம் மகேந்திரவர்மன்) was a Tamil king of the Pallava dynasty who ruled South India from 668--672 CE. He was the son of Narasimhavarman I, a Tamil king of the Pallava dynasty who ruled South India from 630--668 CE. He was succeeded by his son Paramesvaravarman I.	Mahendravarman II	Narasimhavarman I
father	Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark and Iceland (Alexandrine-Louise Caroline-Mathilde Dagmar) (12 December 1914 -- 26 April 1962) was a Danish princess as a daughter of Prince Harald of Denmark and granddaughter of Frederick VIII of Denmark.	Princess Alexandrine-Louise of Denmark	Prince Harald of Denmark
father	Cambyses II (Persian: کمبوجيه دوم‎‎; Old Persian: 𐎣𐎲𐎢𐎪𐎡𐎹, Kɑmboujie; Aramaic כנבוזי, Kanbūzī; Greek Καμβύσης, Kambúsēs; Latin Cambyses; Medieval Hebrew כמבישה, Kambisha) (d. 522 BC) son of Cyrus the Great (r. 559--530 BC), was King of Kings of Persia.	Cambyses II	Cyrus the Great
father	Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens (28 October 1845 -- 2 January 1912) was the sixth child and fourth son of English novelist Charles Dickens and his wife Catherine.	Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens	Charles Dickens
father	Born in London, Michael Korda is the son of English actress Gertrude Musgrove, and artist and film production designer Vincent Korda.	Michael Korda	Vincent Korda
father	Dwynwen is believed to have been a daughter of King Brychan Brycheiniog, who lived in the 5th century.	Dwynwen	Brychan
father	Reginald Grey, 2nd Baron Grey de Ruthyn (c. 1322 -- c. 4 August 1388) was the son of Roger Grey, 1st Baron Grey de Ruthyn and Elizabeth de Hastings.	Reginald Grey, 2nd Baron Grey de Ruthyn	Roger Grey, 1st Baron Grey de Ruthyn
father	Jamie Rix is the son of actor and Mencap President Brian Rix and actress Elspet Gray.	Jamie Rix	Brian Rix
father	François-Joseph Bissot (19 May 1673 -- 11 December 1737) was a son of François Byssot de la Rivière and was a member of the Quebec bourgeois.	François-Joseph Bissot	François Byssot de la Rivière
father	Áed mac Diarmato (died 604), called Áed Sláine (Áed of Slane), was the son of Diarmait mac Cerbaill.	Áed Sláine	Diarmait mac Cerbaill
father	Christian Gottlieb Vilhelm Bissen (5 August 1836 -- 20 April 1913) was a Danish sculptor, son of Herman Wilhelm Bissen.	Vilhelm Bissen	Herman Wilhelm Bissen
father	Prince Varananda Dhavaj (Thai: วรานนท์ธวัช; rtgs: Waranonthawat), born Mom Chao Varananda Dhavaj Chudadhuj (Thai: วรานนท์ธวัช จุฑาธุช; rtgs: Waranonthawat Chuthathut; August 19, 1922 -- September 14, 1990) was the son of Prince Chudadhuj Dharadilok and Mom Ravi Kayananda.	Varananda Dhavaj	Chudadhuj Dharadilok
father	Owain ap Dafydd (c. 1275 -- c. 1325), de jure Prince of Gwynedd (1287 -- c. 1325), was the younger son of Dafydd ap Gruffydd the last free ruler of Gwynedd and self-proclaimed Prince of Wales.	Owain ap Dafydd	Dafydd ap Gruffydd
father	Ariq Böke (after 1219--1266), the components of his name also spelled Arigh, Arik and Bukha, Buka (Mongolian: Аригбөх; Chinese: 阿里不哥), was the seventh and youngest son of Tolui (1192--1232), a son of Genghis Khan.	Ariq Böke	Tolui
father	E Jun Qi 鄂君啟, lord of the state of E (Warring States period), son of the King Huai of Chu, years of life unclear.	E Jun Qi	King Huai of Chu
father	Philip I Philadelphus (Greek: Φίλιππος Α' ὁ Φιλάδελφος, ``Philip the brother-loving''), a ruler of the Hellenistic Seleucid kingdom, was the fourth son of Antiochus VIII Grypus and his wife Tryphaena.	Philip I Philadelphus	Antiochus VIII Grypus
father	Sally Aw Sian (Chinese: 胡仙; pinyin: Hú Xiān; Jyutping: Wu4 Sin1), OBE, DStJ, JP, is a Hong Kong businesswoman and adopted daughter of the Burmese Chinese entrepreneur Aw Boon-Haw.	Sally Aw	Aw Boon-Haw
father	From a calendar entry, Djer is known to have died on a 7 Peret III while Djet began his reign on 22 Peret IV. The reason for the 45 days of interregnum is unknown.	Djet	Djer
father	Jenny Erpenbeck is the daughter of the physicist, philosopher and writer John Erpenbeck and the Arabic translator Doris Kilias.	Jenny Erpenbeck	John Erpenbeck
father	Shepenupet II (alt. Shepenwepet II, prenomen: Henutneferumut Irietre) was an Ancient Egyptian princess of the 25th Dynasty and the Divine Adoratrice of Amun from around 700 BC to 650 BC. She was the daughter of the first Kushite pharaoh Piye, and sister of Piye's successors Taharqa and Shabaka.	Shepenupet II	Piye
father	Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild was the son of Baron Carl Mayer von Rothschild of Naples and Adelheid Hertz.	Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild	Carl Mayer von Rothschild
father	Anonymus states that Ügyek was his name, but the 14th-century Illuminated Chronicle says that Előd -- himself the son of Ügyek -- was Álmos's father.	Álmos	Ügyek
father	Shakapour was a grey horse with a broad white blaze and four white socks bred in Ireland by his owner Aga Khan IV. He was sired by Kalamoun who won the Poule d'Essai des Poulains, Prix Lupin and the Prix Jacques le Marois in 1973 before becoming a successful breeding stallion.	Shakapour	Kalamoun
father	Prince Nguyễn Phúc Bảo Thắng (born September 30, 1943, in Đà Lạt, Vietnam) is the youngest son of Emperor Bảo Đại and Empress Nam Phương.	Bảo Thắng	Bảo Đại
father	Isabella of Villehardouin (1260/1263 -- 23 January 1312) was the elder daughter of William II of Villehardouin, Prince of Achaea, and of his third wife Anna, the second daughter of Michael II Komnenos Doukas, the despot of Epiros.	Isabella of Villehardouin	William II of Villehardouin
father	Abba Jifar II was the son of Abba Gomol and Queen Gumiti.	Abba Jifar II	Abba Gomol
father	Rock Sand was sired by Sainfoin, the winner of the 1890 Derby, who was bred by Queen Victoria.	Rock Sand	Sainfoin
father	Amir Banoo Karimi is the eldest child of the legendary Iranian poet, Seyed Karim Amiri Firuzkuhi.	Amir Banoo Karimi	Seyed Karim Amiri Firuzkuhi
father	Satan Xerxes Carnacki LaVey (sometimes known simply as Xerxes LaVey) is a LaVeyan Satanist and the son of Anton LaVey.	Satan Xerxes Carnacki LaVey	Anton LaVey
father	Summer Squall was sired by Storm Bird, a son of 1964 Northern Dancer, ``one of the most influential sires in Thoroughbred history.''	Summer Squall	Storm Bird
father	Sir Henry Crewe, 7th Baronet (1763 -- 6 February 1819), born Henry Harpur, was the only son of Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet, and Frances Greville, the second daughter of Francis Greville, 1st Earl of Warwick.	Sir Henry Crewe, 7th Baronet	Sir Henry Harpur, 6th Baronet
father	Aristobulus of Chalcis (Greek: Ἀριστόβουλος) was a son of Herod of Chalcis and his first wife Mariamne.	Aristobulus of Chalcis	Herod of Chalcis
father	She is also known for her work against nazism during World War II. Amelie Posse was the daughter of Count Fredrik Arvidsson Posse and Auda Gunhild Wennerberg.	Amelie Posse	Fredrik Arvidsson Posse
father	The daughter of Patrick Brontë, a poor Irish clergyman in the Church of England, Anne Brontë lived most of her life with her family at the parish of Haworth on the Yorkshire moors.	Anne Brontë	Patrick Brontë
father	Cherry Lass was one of the best horses sired by Isinglass the 1893 Triple Crown winner.	Cherry Lass	Isinglass
father	Sea Moon is the best horse to date sired by Beat Hollow whose wins included the Grand Prix de Paris and the Arlington Million.	Sea Moon	Beat Hollow
father	Hasegawa Kyūzō (長谷川久蔵, 1568 -- July 13, 1593) was the son of Hasegawa Tōhaku, and a painter of the Hasegawa school in the Azuchi--	Hasegawa Kyūzō	Hasegawa Tōhaku
father	Peace Chance was bred and raced by Joseph E. Widener and trained by Pete Coyne, who had won the 1927 Belmont Stakes with his sire, Chance Shot.	Peace Chance	Chance Shot
father	Camilla Martin is the daughter of the former Danish footballer Bent Martin.	Camilla Martin	Bent Martin
father	Toma Barbu Socolescu a Romanian architect, son of Toma T. Socolescu and grandson of Toma N. Socolescu, functionalist in spite of himself, he had to espouse the directives of the Socialist Republic of Romania.	Toma Barbu Socolescu	Toma T. Socolescu
father	Frédéric Bonin-Pissarro is the son of Sylvie and Claude Bonin-Pissarro, also a painter.	Frédéric Bonin-Pissarro	Claude Bonin-Pissarro
father	He was the youngest son of Phelan Beale, Sr. and his wife Edith Ewing Bouvier Beale (known as ``Big Edie'').	Bouvier Beale	Phelan Beale
father	Dodanim (דֹּדָנִים Ḏōḏānîm) or Rodanim, (רודנים, Greek: Ρόδιοι, Ródioi) was, in the Book of Genesis, a son of Javan (thus, a great-grandson of Noah).	Dodanim	Javan
father	Prince Charles, Count of Flanders, Prince of Belgium (10 October 1903 -- 1 June 1983) was the second son of Albert I, King of the Belgians and Duchess Elisabeth in Bavaria.	Prince Charles, Count of Flanders	Albert I
father	Branwell Brontë was the fourth of six children and the only son of Patrick Brontë (1777--1861) and his wife, Maria Branwell Brontë (1783--1821).	Branwell Brontë	Patrick Brontë
father	Donna Sancha of Aragon (1478 in Gaeta -- 1506 in Naples), or Sancia of Aragon, was an illegitimate daughter of King Alfonso II of Naples and his mistress Trogia Gazzela.	Sancha of Aragon	Alfonso II of Naples
father	Born in Stockholm, Alfred Nobel was the fourth son of Immanuel Nobel (1801--1872), an inventor and engineer, and Carolina Andriette (Ahlsell) Nobel (1805--1889).	Alfred Nobel	Immanuel Nobel
father	Akbar succeeded his father, Humayun, under a regent, Bairam Khan, who helped the young emperor expand and consolidate Mughal domains in India.	Akbar	Humayun
father	Born in Milk Street in London, on 7 February 1478, Thomas More was the son of Sir John More, a successful lawyer and later judge, and his wife Agnes (née Graunger).	Thomas More	John More
father	John III, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg (died either in 1429/1430 or 1433) was Count of Nassau-Dillenburg in Siegen and Dillenburg and son of Count John I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg and Margareta of the Marck.	John III, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg	John I, Count of Nassau-Dillenburg
father	Gui Guerrejat (``the warrior'') was the fifth son of William VI of Montpellier.	Gui Guerrejat	William VI of Montpellier
father	Mary Tighe was born in Dublin to Theodosia Tighe, a Methodist leader, and William Blachford (d.1773?), a Church of Ireland clergyman and librarian.	Mary Tighe	William Blachford
father	Piet Hein Donner's father, André Donner, was a judge at the European Court of Justice in 1958-1979 and was part of the government commission that looked into Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands's dealing with the Lockheed Corporation.	Piet Hein Donner	André Donner
father	Gytha Thorkelsdóttir (Old English: Gȳða Þorkelsdōttir, c. 997 -- c. 1069), also called Githa, was the daughter of Thorgil Sprakling (also called Thorkel).	Gytha Thorkelsdóttir	Thorgil Sprakling
father	Gore Vidal was born Eugene Louis Vidal in the cadet hospital of the U.S. Military Academy, at West Point, New York, and was the only child of Eugene Luther Vidal (1895--1969) and Nina Gore (1903--78).	Gore Vidal	Eugene Luther Vidal
founder	MPL Communications (which stands for McCartney Productions Ltd.) is the holding company for the business interests of Sir Paul McCartney.	MPL Communications	Sir Paul McCartney
founder	Les films du losange is a film production company founded by Barbet Schroeder and Éric Rohmer in 1962.	Les films du losange	Éric Rohmer
founder	The Kushner-Locke Company is an American independent motion picture/television founded in 1983 by Donald Kushner and Peter Locke.	The Kushner-Locke Company	Donald Kushner	Peter Locke
founder	Ny Våg is an independent record label founded by Dennis Lyxzén and Inge Johansson in 2005.	Ny Våg	Dennis Lyxzén	Inge Johansson
founder	Ong Shunmugam is a Singapore-based contemporary womenswear label founded by designer Priscilla Shunmugam.	Ong Shunmugam	Priscilla Shunmugam
founder	Little Chef is a chain of roadside restaurants in the United Kingdom, founded in 1958 by entrepreneur Sam Alper, and modelled on American diners.	Little Chef	Sam Alper
founder	The Interfaith Center of New York (ICNY) is a secular educational non-profit organization founded in 1997 by the Very Reverend James Parks Morton.	Interfaith Center of New York	James Parks Morton
founder	Chen Hsong Holdings Limited was established by Dr. Chiang Chen in Hong Kong in 1958.	Chen Hsong	Chiang Chen
founder	Founded in 1983 by Wolfgang Marguerre, Octapharma employs more than 5,500 people globally.	Octapharma	Wolfgang Marguerre
founder	Osnabrück initially developed as a marketplace next to the bishop's see founded by Charlemagne, King of the Franks, in 780.	Osnabrück	Charlemagne
founder	The Mirisch Company was an American film production company owned by Walter Mirisch and his brothers, Marvin and Harold Mirisch.	Mirisch Company	Walter Mirisch
founder	Isuma (Inuktitut syllabics, ᐃᓱᒪ; Inuktituk for ``to think'') is Canada's first Inuit (75%) production company co-founded by Zacharias Kunuk, Paul Apak Angilirq and Norman Cohn in Igloolik, Nunavut in 1990.	Isuma	Zacharias Kunuk	Norman Cohn
founder	The Matheson Trust was established in London in 1974 by Donald Macleod Matheson CBE (1896-1979), who in addition to his work as a civil servant was active as a translator of Perennialist works, most notably Understanding Islam by Frithjof Schuon and An Introduction to Sufi Doctrine by Titus Burckhardt.	The Matheson Trust	Donald Macleod Matheson
founder	VEBA was founded in 1929 as a holding company owned by the state of Prussia, and was privatized in 1965.	VEBA	Prussia
founder	Summit Partners was founded in 1984 by Stephen Woodsum and E. Roe Stamps, who had worked together at TA Associates and before that at First Chicago Investment Corporation (the predecessor of Madison Dearborn Partners).	Summit Partners	E. Roe Stamps
founder	Troublemaker Studios is a film production company founded and owned by filmmaker Robert Rodriguez and producer Elizabeth Avellan.	Troublemaker Studios	Robert Rodriguez
founder	Oddworld Inhabitants Inc. is an American video game developer founded in 1994 by special-effects and computer-animation veterans Sherry McKenna and Lorne Lanning.	Oddworld Inhabitants	Lorne Lanning
founder	Flying Dutchman Records was an American jazz record label, which was owned by veteran music industry executive, producer and songwriter Bob Thiele.	Flying Dutchman Records	Bob Thiele
founder	Noventi Ventures is a venture capital firm founded in 2002 by Giacomo Marini and it was previously known as CIR Ventures.	Noventi	Giacomo Marini
founder	Razer Inc. (stylized as RΛZΞR) is an American company founded by Min-Liang Tan, Matthew Thompson and Robert Krakoff, which specializes in products marketed specifically to gamers.	Razer Inc.	Min-Liang Tan
founder	Studio JMS is a studio started by J. Michael Straczynski in June 2012, announced at the 2012 San Diego Comic-Con International, to deal with the large volume of his written work.	Studio JMS	J. Michael Straczynski
founder	International Youth Day (IYD) is an awareness day designated by the United Nations.	International Youth Day	United Nations
founder	The Everett Piano Company or simply Everett Piano was a piano manufacturing company founded by the John Church Company.	Everett Piano Company	John Church Company
founder	The scope of the Administration follows the detailed rules made by Swami Vivekananda when he was the General President of Ramakrishna Mission.	Ramakrishna Mission	Swami Vivekananda
founder	In September 1989, Leader Price was created after the opening of the first store in Paris by Jean Baud and Albert Baussan.	Leader Price	Jean Baud
founder	The Vienna Secession was founded on 3 April 1897 by artists Gustav Klimt, Koloman Moser, Josef Hoffmann, Joseph Maria Olbrich, Max Kurzweil, Wilhelm Bernatzik and others.	Vienna Secession	Koloman Moser	Josef Hoffmann	Joseph Maria Olbrich	Max Kurzweil	Wilhelm Bernatzik
founder	Dr. Hari Om Srivastava is the president of the World Development Foundation.	World Development Foundation	Hari Om Srivastava
founder	Global Pastors Network, Inc. (GPN) is an incorporated educational, networking and strategic resource for evangelical leadership, founded in 2002 by Bill Bright, the late founder and chairman of Campus Crusade for Christ, and James O. Davis, founder of Cutting Edge International.	Global Pastors Network	Bill Bright
founder	Coop Breizh (``Cooperative from Brittany'' in Breton language) is a Breton cultural company founded in 1957 by Kendalc'h confederation.	Coop Breizh	Kendalc'h
founder	One minor faction under Fawzi Kiyali accepted the constitution, and retained both the ASU name and the NPF membership, while most members followed party leader Jamal al-Atassi into opposition, by renaming themselves the Democratic Arab Socialist Union.	Democratic Arab Socialist Union	Jamal al-Atassi
founder	The Biltmore Company traces its origins back to 1895 when George Washington Vanderbilt II first opened the Vanderbilt Estate.	The Biltmore Company	George Washington Vanderbilt II
founder	Horace Smith and Daniel B. Wesson founded the Smith & Wesson Company in Norwich, Connecticut in 1852 to develop the Volcanic rifle.	Smith & Wesson	Horace Smith	Daniel B. Wesson
founder	Maragheh observatory (Persian: رصدخانهٔ مراغه‎‎), was an institutionalized astronomical observatory which was established in 1259 CE under the patronage of the Ilkhanid Hulagu and the directorship of Nasir al-Din al-Tusi, a Persian scientist and astronomer.	Maragheh observatory	Nasir al-Din al-Tusi
founder	Tom's Hardware is an online publication focused on technology that was founded in 1996 by Thomas Pabst.	Tom's Hardware	Thomas Pabst
founder	Grunt Records is a vanity label founded in 1971 by Jefferson Airplane and distributed by RCA Records.	Grunt Records	Jefferson Airplane
founder	The British Movement (BM), later called the British National Socialist Movement (BNSM), is a British national socialist organisation founded by Colin Jordan in 1968.	British Movement	Colin Jordan
founder	Real Aikido (Serbian: Реални аикидо) is a martial art developed by Ljubomir Vračarević, a self-defence instructor from Serbia.	Real Aikido	Ljubomir Vračarević
founder	Siam Sinfonietta is a youth orchestra founded in 2010 by Thai/American composer Somtow Sucharitkul, Thai conductor Trisdee na Patalung, and the Bangkok Opera Foundation.	Siam Sinfonietta	Trisdee na Patalung	Bangkok Opera
founder	E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, commonly referred to as DuPont, is an American chemical company that was founded in July 1802 as a gunpowder mill by Éleuthère Irénée du Pont.	DuPont	Éleuthère Irénée du Pont
founder	The Campaign for Liberty (C4L) is a political organization founded by twelve-term United States Congressman Ron Paul.	Campaign for Liberty	Ron Paul
headquarters location	PALPA, based in Pennsylvania, The Pennsylvania LIFE Provider Alliance (PALPA) is a non-profit 501(c)(6) organization, which represents the 17 LIFE Plans that operate 32 LIFE Centers statewide.	PALPA	Pennsylvania
headquarters location	Advance Digital's headquarters are located at the Jersey Journal building in Journal Square, Jersey City.	Advance Digital	Jersey City
headquarters location	Heron Foods Ltd. (formerly Heron Frozen Foods Ltd and Grindells Butchers Ltd) is an English retail chain founded in 1979 and based in Melton with 243 stores.	Heron Foods	Melton
headquarters location	Jerry's Subs & Pizza is an American fast casual sandwich and pizza restaurant chain based in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, it currently has 40+ open locations with new stores opening soon.	Jerry's Subs & Pizza	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Strand Releasing is a theatrical distribution company founded in 1989 and is based in Culver City, California.	Strand Releasing	Culver City
headquarters location	Firefly Learning is a learning platform based in London, England with offices in Sydney, Australia that provides virtual learning platforms to hundreds of schools around the world.	Firefly Learning	London
headquarters location	1980 Sea Sonic enters PC power supply market to support Apple II and IBM PCs. 1984 Headquarters relocates to Shih-Lin, Taipei, Taiwan.	Sea Sonic	Taipei
headquarters location	Black Forest Games is a German developer of computer games based in Offenburg, Germany.	Black Forest Games	Offenburg
headquarters location	Tovio is a Burkinabé sportswear and equipment supplier was founded on 1994 in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.	Tovio	Ouagadougou
headquarters location	Warriors (brand) is a Malaysian corporation that is engaged in the design and manufacturer of football (soccer) equipment and apparel and accessories based in Kota Bharu, Kelantan, Malaysia.	Warriors (brand)	Kota Bharu
headquarters location	SNP Schneider-Neureither & Partner AG is listed in the General Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, and was established in Heidelberg in 1994, yet has more than 350 employees in different branches in Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Spain and North America.	SNP Schneider-Neureither & Partner AG	Heidelberg
headquarters location	SuperSeaCat was a shipping company operating fast ferries between Helsinki, Finland and Tallinn, Estonia during the years 2006--2008.	SuperSeaCat	Helsinki
headquarters location	Sun-Maid Growers of California is a privately owned American cooperative of raisin growers headquartered in Kingsburg, California.	Sun-Maid	Kingsburg
headquarters location	Soprano Design Pty Ltd, founded in 1994, is a privately held international mobile software development company headquartered in Sydney, Australia, with offices in Europe, North and South America, Asia and Australia.	Soprano Design	Sydney
headquarters location	Ayotte Drums is a custom drum company based in Bedford, Quebec, Canada.	Ayotte Drums	Bedford
headquarters location	Diamond Parking is a company based in Seattle, Washington that owns and operates parking lots in the US states of Alaska, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Utah, Florida and Washington and the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia.	Diamond Parking	Seattle
headquarters location	Powerhouse Animation Studios, Inc. is an Austin, Texas based animation studio founded in April 2001 with a subsidiary called Powerhaus Animation LLC, established in summer of 2014.	Powerhouse Animation Studios	Austin
headquarters location	New Seasons Market is a chain of privately owned grocery stores operating in the Portland Metro area of Oregon.	New Seasons Market	Portland
headquarters location	VT MÄK, also known as MÄK Technologies, Inc. is a software company based in Cambridge MA that provides commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) modeling and simulation software.	VT MÄK	Cambridge
headquarters location	The Cowley Club is a libertarian social centre in Brighton, England, United Kingdom opened in 2003.	Cowley Club	Brighton
headquarters location	Tea Forté Inc. is an American tea company based in Concord, Massachusetts.	Tea Forté	Concord
headquarters location	Wilkin & Sons Limited established in Tiptree, Essex, England in 1885, makes preserves, marmalades and associated products.	Wilkin & Sons	Tiptree
headquarters location	TreeHouse Foods, located in Oak Brook, Illinois, is a multinational food processing company specializing in producing private label packaged foods.	TreeHouse Foods	Oak Brook
headquarters location	The Engelberg Huller Company was established in 1888 in Syracuse, New York, by John R. Montague, to manufacture and distribute the Engelberg Huller machine which was invented by Brazilian mechanical engineer and inventor, Evaristo Conrado Engelberg, and Willard Halstead to remove the husks and shells from rice and coffee during the milling process.	Engelberg Huller Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	In March 2013 Fujian Benz opened a new product development center in Fuzhou, constructed at a cost of around RMB 500 million (approximately €60 million).	Fujian Benz	Fuzhou
headquarters location	In addition to the production sites in Berlin, Cologne and Potsdam-Babelsberg UFA Serial Drama maintains a subsidiary, Magyar Grundy UFA, in Budapest, Hungary.	UFA Serial Drama	Potsdam
headquarters location	Equity Media Holdings Corporation was a broadcasting company based in Little Rock, Arkansas that owned and operated television stations across the United States.	Equity Media Holdings	Little Rock
headquarters location	3XN is a Danish architectural practice with head office in Copenhagen.	3XN	Copenhagen
headquarters location	The Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF) is located at Avadi in Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Heavy Vehicles Factory	Chennai
headquarters location	Concord Bicycle Music is a wholly owned independent music company based in Beverly Hills, California, with world-wide distribution through Universal Music Group.	Concord Bicycle Music	Beverly Hills
headquarters location	Tatra banka, a.s., Hodžovo námestie 3, 811 06 Bratislava, Slovakia	Tatra banka	Bratislava
headquarters location	On September 16, 1946, Brauner founded CCC Film with Joseph Einstein, his brother-in-law, a black marketeer in Berlin, with a capital investment of 21,000 Reichsmarks in the American sector of postwar Germany.	CCC Film	Berlin
headquarters location	By October 2004, the SIVI has been integrated completely into the production site of abstraction in Piacenza.	SIVI	Piacenza
headquarters location	Dulcería Castañeda, is a traditional company and brand of candy in the Peruvian city of Trujillo.	Dulcería Castañeda	Trujillo
headquarters location	The Historical Diving Society (HDS) was formed in 1990 in the United Kingdom by a group of enthusiasts whose aim is to preserve and protect diving heritage.	Historical Diving Society	United Kingdom
headquarters location	Marriage Records is a small, independent record label based in Portland, Oregon.	Marriage Records	Portland
headquarters location	Sharp HealthCare is a not-for-profit integrated regional health care delivery system located in San Diego.	Sharp HealthCare	San Diego
headquarters location	Bolliger & Mabillard, abbreviated B&M and formally known as Bolliger & Mabillard Consulting Engineers Inc., is a roller coaster design consultancy based in Monthey, Switzerland.	Bolliger & Mabillard	Monthey
headquarters location	Varity was a former farm equipment company, created in 1986 from the remains of Massey-Ferguson Limited of Toronto, Ontario.	Varity	Toronto
headquarters location	General Fusion is a Canadian company based in Burnaby, British Columbia, which was created for the development of fusion power based on magnetized target fusion (MTF).	General Fusion	Burnaby
headquarters location	Thai President Foods PCL (TF) (Thai: บริษัท ไทย เพรซิเดนท์ ฟูดส์ จำกัด) is a Bangkok-based Thai company established 18 April 1972.	Thai President Foods	Bangkok
headquarters location	DFINE, Inc. is an American medical device company with headquarters in San Jose, California.	DFINE, Inc.	San Jose
headquarters location	Wandera has offices in London, England and San Francisco, California.	Wandera	San Francisco
headquarters location	Agglo Corporation Limited is a private Hong Kong based toy supplier that was founded in 1969.	Agglo	Hong Kong
headquarters location	It is headquartered in the GMA Network Center in Quezon City and its transmitter is located at Tandang Sora Avenue, Barangay Culiat also in Quezon City.	GMA Network	Quezon City
headquarters location	Bellwether Technology Corporation is a New Orleans-based managed IT services provider.	Bellwether Technology Corporation	New Orleans
headquarters location	Latvian Shipping Company (Latvian: Latvijas kuģniecība, OMX: LSC1R) is a Latvian shipping company founded 29 October 1940 and listed on the NASDAQ OMX Riga.	Latvian Shipping Company	Riga
headquarters location	In 1998, the founders launched Charlesbank Capital Partners, an independent firm also based in Boston, MA.	Charlesbank Capital Partners	Boston
headquarters location	Deutsche Vermögensberatung (DVAG), which in English loosely translates as ``German financial advisors'', is a German Multi-level marketing investment company based in Frankfurt, Germany.	Deutsche Vermögensberatung	Frankfurt
headquarters location	Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, based in Novato, California, provides personal and commercial property and casualty insurance products in the United States.	Fireman's Fund Insurance Company	Novato
headquarters location	Ford of Europe AG is a subsidiary company of Ford Motor Company founded in 1967, with headquarters in Cologne, Germany.	Ford of Europe	Cologne
headquarters location	KLA-Tencor Corporation is a global, capital equipment company based in Milpitas, California.	KLA-Tencor	Milpitas
headquarters location	Born Free Entertainment is an Indian motion picture production company, based in Mumbai.	Born Free Entertainment	Mumbai
headquarters location	Sahana Software Foundation is a Los Angeles, CA-based non-profit organization founded to promote the use of Free and Open-Source Software (FOSS) for disaster and emergency management.	Sahana Software Foundation	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Penske Motor Group is an El Monte, California, U.S.--based, subsidiary of Penske Corporation, managed by Gregory Penske.	Penske Motor Group	El Monte, California
headquarters location	Ebuyer is an electronic commerce retailer based in Howden, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Ebuyer	Howden
headquarters location	The Interprint Group is wholly owned by Wrede Industrieholding based in Arnsberg, Germany.	Interprint	Arnsberg
headquarters location	It started its operations, under the brand name of Ufone, in Islamabad on January 29, 2001.	Ufone	Islamabad
headquarters location	Icelandic USA is a Newport News, Virginia, based company, and is one of the largest seafood companies in the United States.	Icelandic USA	Newport News
headquarters location	Giotto Bizzarrini was born in Livorno, Italy in 1926.	Bizzarrini	Livorno
headquarters location	Kingate Management is a Hamilton, Bermuda hedge fund.	Kingate Management	Hamilton
headquarters location	Alan Class Comics was a British comics publishing company between 1959 and 1989, owned by Alan Class (born in London, England, 21 July 1937).	Alan Class Comics	London
headquarters location	Founded in 2002 and headquartered in New York City, GridApp Systems was the brainchild of five former employees of Register.com, Rob Gardos, Shamoun Murtza, Matthew Zito, Dan Cohen, and Eric Gross.	GridApp Systems	New York City
headquarters location	The Société de transport de Montréal (STM) (English: Montreal Transit Corporation) is a public transport agency that operates transit bus, and rapid transit services in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Société de transport de Montréal	Montreal
headquarters location	Team Soho was a British video game developer based in Soho, London and a subsidiary of Sony Computer Entertainment.	Team Soho	London
headquarters location	Standard Chartered Korea (officially Standard Chartered Bank Korea Limited, formerly SC First Bank) is a banking and financial services company headquartered in Seoul, South Korea and a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered.	Standard Chartered Korea	Seoul
headquarters location	NV Energy is a public utility which generates, transmits and distributes electric service in northern and southern Nevada, including the Las Vegas Valley, and provides natural gas service in the Reno--	NV Energy	Las Vegas
headquarters location	LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE, better known as LVMH, is a European multinational luxury goods conglomerate, headquartered in Paris, France.	LVMH	Paris
headquarters location	The Islamic Party of Azerbaijan was founded in 1991 in the town of Nardaran, which lies northeast of the capital Baku on the Absheron Peninsula, and is a lone stronghold of conservative Shi'a Islam in staunchly secular and religiously progressive Azerbaijan, and was officially registered in 1992.	Islamic Party of Azerbaijan	Nardaran
headquarters location	Longnecker and Associates (also branded as L&A) is a privately held management consulting firm based out of Houston, Texas.	Longnecker and Associates	Houston
headquarters location	The Boston Book Festival is an independent nonprofit group based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and the name of its main event.	Boston Book Festival	Cambridge
headquarters location	Mid-West Family Broadcasting is an independently owned broadcasting company based in Madison, Wisconsin.	Mid-West Family Broadcasting	Madison
headquarters location	Yu Kee Food Company Limited (Chinese: 裕記食品批發有限公司), or Yu Kee (Chinese: 裕記), is one of the food chain supermarkets in Hong Kong.	Yu Kee Food	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Slightly Mad Studios is an independent British video game company headquartered in London, England.	Slightly Mad Studios	London
headquarters location	The Dart Harbour & Navigation Authority (DHNA) is a Trust Port responsible under United Kingdom law for the stewardship of Dartmouth Harbour.	Dart Harbour & Navigation Authority	Dartmouth
headquarters location	Tanner Krolle is a manufacturer of leather goods based in London, United Kingdom.	Tanner Krolle	London
headquarters location	Blue Mountain, Ontario Snowshoe Mountain, West Virginia Steamboat Ski Resort, Colorado Stratton Mountain Resort, Vermont Mont Tremblant Resort, Quebec Canadian Mountain Holidays, Alberta Winter Park, Colorado (Intrawest is contracted to operate this city park which is owned by the city of Denver.)	Intrawest	Denver
headquarters location	Ultimate Ears is an American custom in-ear monitor (IEM), wireless bluetooth speaker, and earphone manufacturer based in Irvine and Newark, California, United States.	Ultimate Ears	Irvine
headquarters location	Edge of Reality is an American video game developer founded in 1998 and based in Austin, Texas that has developed video games for the Nintendo 64, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox games consoles.	Edge of Reality	Austin
headquarters location	SAKO, Limited (Suojeluskuntain Ase- ja Konepaja Oy, Civil Guard Gun- and Machiningworks Ltd) is a Finnish firearm manufacturer located in Riihimäki.	SAKO	Riihimäki
headquarters location	Headquartered in Chicago, Grant Thornton LLP has three service lines: audit, tax, and advisory services.	Grant Thornton LLP	Chicago
headquarters location	The Tuwairqi Steel Mills Limited (TSML), is a vertically integrated multinational Steel mill, based in Karachi, Sindh, Pakistan.	Tuwairqi Steel Mills	Karachi
headquarters location	Bytemark is a UK-based server hosting and datacentre provider, headquartered in York, United Kingdom.	Bytemark	York
headquarters location	Atlas Media Corp. is a New York-based independent production company of non-fiction entertainment.	Atlas Media Corp.	New York
headquarters location	Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke or Halberstadt was a German aircraft manufacturer.	Halberstädter Flugzeugwerke	Halberstadt
headquarters location	International Traders had become the leading money exchange house of Beirut and most of the successful and wealthy expatriates, Najib Salha (wealthiest man in Lebanon in the 1950s and 1960s who later became a major shareholder in Intra Bank) included, were International Traders forex clients.	Intra Bank	Beirut
headquarters location	SYSTRA is in charge of engineering and has led design since 2009 Grand Paris Express:	SYSTRA	Paris
headquarters location	Macao Dragon Company Limited (Chinese: 巨龍船務有限公司; Portuguese: Dragão Gigante Transportes Marítimos, S.A.) was a start-up ferry company that offered services between the Hong Kong--	Macao Dragon Company	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Vaux Breweries was a major brewer based in Sunderland.	Vaux Breweries	Sunderland
headquarters location	Littleton Coin Company is a privately held major American mail order and retail company focused on numismatic (currency) collectibles and based in Littleton, New Hampshire.	Littleton Coin Company	Littleton, New Hampshire
headquarters location	As the first premium character-design company in Thailand, 2Spot Communications has been featured on numerous television programs including Bangkok Post's PostScript and Thailand's Morning Talk TV.	2Spot Communications	Bangkok
headquarters location	Sunbeam Television Corporation is a privately held broadcasting company based in Miami, Florida that owns three television stations in the United States.	Sunbeam Television	Miami
headquarters location	Duncan Lawrie Limited, known simply as Duncan Lawrie, is a small private bank with its head office in Belgravia, London.	Duncan Lawrie	Belgravia
headquarters location	Red Ventures'' corporate headquarters are located in Fort Mill, South Carolina, with offices also in Charlotte, North Carolina's University City.	Red Ventures	Fort Mill, South Carolina
headquarters location	National Commercial Bank Limited, commonly known as NCB, was a financial institution based in Mauritius with its head office is situated at Port Louis.	National Commercial Bank Limited	Port Louis
headquarters location	Eneco headquarters are located in Rotterdam.	Eneco	Rotterdam
headquarters location	The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration under the President of the Russian Federation or RANEPA (Russian: Российская академия народного хозяйства и государственной службы при Президенте Российской Федерации, РАНХиГС), is the biggest federal state-funded institution of higher professional education located in Moscow, Russia.	Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration	Moscow
headquarters location	Oberweis Dairy, headquartered in North Aurora, Illinois, is the parent company of several dairy-related operations in the midwest region of the United States.	Oberweis Dairy	North Aurora
headquarters location	Yumi Kim is a women's clothing line based in New York City, USA, designed by American fashion designer Kim Phan.	Yumi Kim	New York City
headquarters location	İstanbul Plak is a music publishing company of Turkey, established in 1963 and based in Unkapanı, Istanbul.	İstanbul Plak	Istanbul
headquarters location	Once based in Chelsea, then Newton, Gulf Oil LP now shares its headquarters with Cumberland Farms in Framingham, Massachusetts.	Gulf Oil LP	Framingham
headquarters location	The International Union of Students was founded in Prague on August 27, 1946.	International Union of Students	Prague
headquarters location	Naked Music is a dance music record label, centered in San Francisco and New York City.	Naked Music	San Francisco
headquarters location	Dustpan Recordings is a Singapore based record label, established in 2007, which releases electronic music and dance music.	Dustpan Recordings	Singapore
headquarters location	Founded in 2012 and officially launched in April 2014, Bluescape™ is located in San Carlos, California and is a fully owned subsidiary of Haworth.	Bluescape	San Carlos
headquarters location	Marquee Cinemas is a chain of movie theaters operated out of Beckley, West Virginia since its 1979 inception.	Marquee Cinemas	Beckley
headquarters location	The United Investment and Trading Company (UNITIC), formerly UNIS Holding BiH, is a joint venture company between UNIS Holding and Kuwait Consulting & Investment Co. The company owns and operates the UNITIC Twin Skyscrapers in Sarajevo Bosnia and Herzegovina.	United Investment and Trading Company	Sarajevo
headquarters location	Hanne & Co is a law firm based in Clapham Junction, London.	Hanne & Co	London
headquarters location	Kuvempu University, comprising the Shivamogga and Chikkamagalur districts, has been the epicenter of a majority of religious, cultural and social movements of Karnataka.	Kuvempu University	Shivamogga
headquarters location	Amax Engineering was an Australian aircraft manufacturer based in Donvale, Victoria, a suburb of Melbourne.	Amax Engineering	Donvale, Victoria
headquarters location	Nordyke Marmon & Company was an American manufacturer of flour mills and located in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States.	Nordyke Marmon & Company	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Marcus Cable Company was an American cable television provider headquartered in Dallas, Texas, and founded by Jeffrey A. Marcus and the Milwaukee-based Marcus Corporation.	Marcus Cable	Dallas
headquarters location	Southern Media Corporation (SMC) (simplified Chinese: 南方广播影视传媒集团; traditional Chinese: 南方廣播影視傳媒集團; pinyin: Nánfāng Guǎngbò Yǐngshì Chuánméi Jítuán) is a television network based in Guangzhou, Guangdong.	Southern Media Corporation	Guangzhou
headquarters location	Based in Atlanta, Ga., Crawford & Company is the world's largest independent provider of claims management solutions to the risk management and insurance industry as well as self-insured entities, with an expansive global network serving clients in more than 70 countries.	Crawford & Company	Atlanta
headquarters location	Wilsons of Sharrow, now named Wilsons & Company (Sharrow) Ltd, based in the Sharrow district of Sheffield, United Kingdom, is a manufacturer of snuff tobacco since 1737.	Wilsons of Sharrow	Sheffield
headquarters location	Sally Corporation is a dark ride and animatronic manufacturing company based in Jacksonville, Florida, USA.	Sally Corporation	Jacksonville
headquarters location	Maschinenfabrik Oerlikon was a engineering company based in the Zürich disctrict of Oerlikon known for the early development of electric locomotives.	Maschinenfabrik Oerlikon	Zürich
headquarters location	Established in 1999, J. Buck's operates 2 restaurants in Greater St. Louis, Missouri.	J. Buck's	St. Louis
headquarters location	MPS Finance (MPSF) was founded in 2001 and is the finance sub-division of the Monte dei Paschi di Siena.	MPS Finance	Siena
headquarters location	Vismayas Max Studio complex is Kerala's first DTS studio which is situated in Kinfra Film and Video Park, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala, India.	Vismayas Max	Kinfra Film and Video Park
headquarters location	Exxon Mobil Corp. (ExxonMobil) is an American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas.	ExxonMobil	Irving, Texas
headquarters location	Capital One Investing (formerly Capital One ShareBuilder) is an online brokerage firm with its headquarters in Seattle, Washington.	Capital One Investing	Seattle
headquarters location	Usinor (Union Sidérurgique du Nord) was created in 1948 from the merger of Denain-Anzin (Les Hauts Fourneaux, Forges et Aciéries de Denain-Anzin) founded 1849 and Nord-Est (Les Forges et Aciéries du Nord et de l'Est) founded 1882.	Usinor	Denain
headquarters location	Orion New Zealand Limited (Orion) is an electricity distribution company, based in Christchurch, New Zealand.	Orion New Zealand Limited	Christchurch
headquarters location	Banco Pan, formerly known as PanAmericano, is a Brazilian midsize commercial bank with headquartered in São Paulo.	Banco Pan	São Paulo
headquarters location	Veloce Publishing is primarily an automotive book publisher based in Poundbury, Dorset.	Veloce Publishing	Poundbury
headquarters location	Hot House Entertainment is a San Francisco-based gay pornography studio founded in 1993 by director Steven Scarborough.	Hot House Entertainment	San Francisco
headquarters location	Stiebel Eltron is a company based in Holzminden, Germany that manufactures central heating products such as heat pumps.	Stiebel Eltron	Holzminden
headquarters location	LifeWise Health Plan of Oregon is an insurance company that provides health, life, vision, dental, stop-loss, and disability products in Oregon, with corporate headquarters in Portland.	LifeWise Health Plan of Oregon	Portland
headquarters location	The University of Wales (Welsh: Prifysgol Cymru) was a confederal university based in Cardiff, Wales, UK.	University of Wales	Cardiff
headquarters location	Mayo Clinic is a nonprofit medical practice and medical research group based in Rochester, Minnesota.	Mayo Clinic	Rochester
headquarters location	Cognis was a worldwide supplier of specialty chemicals and nutritional ingredients, headquartered in Monheim am Rhein, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Cognis	Monheim am Rhein
headquarters location	Béïque Legault Thuot is a Canadian architecture firm based in Montreal, Quebec.	Béïque Legault Thuot	Montreal
headquarters location	Interlink Computer Sciences, of Fremont, California, was a developer of hardware and software that allowed IBM mainframe computers running the MVS operating system to be connected to non-IBM networks.	Interlink Computer Sciences	Fremont
headquarters location	Palmetto Electric Cooperative Inc. is a non-profit electric utility cooperative headquartered in Ridgeland, South Carolina.	Palmetto Electric	Ridgeland, South Carolina
headquarters location	Klasky Csupo, Inc. (/ˈklæski ˈtʃuːpoʊ/ KLASS-kee CHOO-poh) is a multimedia entertainment production company who specializes in animation and graphic design and located in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California.	Klasky Csupo	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Pixelmatic has their main development center in Shanghai and a support office in Vancouver.	Pixelmatic	Shanghai
headquarters location	The Bosideng menswear business developed rapidly and has already set up 979 retail outlets throughout China, while the franchise project of ``ROCAWEAR'' in the Greater China Region has opened 7 consignment counters in major cities including Beijing, Shanghai and Hangzhou.	Bosideng	Shanghai
headquarters location	In 1900, The Tourneau family established a watch selling business in Western Europe and after immigrating to New York City in 1925 Peter Tourneau opened a small dressmaking shop, with a watch counter, in the Berkshire Place Hotel.	Tourneau	New York City
headquarters location	Aurelia Finance SA is a Geneva, Switzerland, private bank and fund-management company that was a feeder fund to Bernie Madoff.	Aurelia Finance	Geneva
headquarters location	Act3animation (Act3) is an Australian CGI company, specializing in character animation, based in Melbourne, Australia.	Act3animation	Melbourne
headquarters location	Ferretti S.p.A. (trading as Ferretti Group) is an Italian multinational shipbuilding company headquartered in Forlì which specialises in the design, construction and sale of luxury motor yachts.	Ferretti Group	Forlì
headquarters location	L.A. Joe Department Store was a chain of Charleston, West Virginia based discount department stores that existed until June, 1992.	L.A. Joe Department Store	Charleston
headquarters location	Capital Economics is an economic research consultancy based in London.	Capital Economics	London
headquarters location	Pasquinelli Homes is a Chicago, Illinois based home building company, founded in 1956 by brothers Bruno and Tony Pasquinelli.	Pasquinelli Homes	Chicago
headquarters location	Ancestry.com LLC is a privately held Internet company based in Provo, Utah, United States.	Ancestry.com	Provo
headquarters location	The South Side Elevated Railroad (originally Chicago and South Side Rapid Transit Railroad) was the first elevated rapid transit line in Chicago, Illinois.	South Side Elevated Railroad	Chicago
headquarters location	Wien-Film GmbH (``Vienna Film Limited'') was a large Austrian film company, which in 1938 succeeded the Tobis-Sascha-Filmindustrie AG (Sascha Film Company) and lasted until 1985.	Wien-Film	Vienna
headquarters location	At its peak, Wetson's had approximately 70 locations in the greater New York metropolitan area.	Wetson's	New York
headquarters location	Studio Grafiksismik, Inc. was a creative services studio (or ``art collective'') based in Quebec, Canada.	Grafiksismik	Quebec
headquarters location	Carbon Sciences is a public corporation based in Santa Barbara.	Carbon Sciences	Santa Barbara
headquarters location	Goshen Coach is a small bus builder located in Elkhart, Indiana.	Goshen Coach	Elkhart
headquarters location	China Shipping Development (SEHK: 1138, SSE: 600026) is a Chinese shipping company with its headquarters in Shanghai.	China Shipping Development	Shanghai
headquarters location	Continental Motors, Inc. is an aircraft engine manufacturer located at the Brookley Aeroplex in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Continental Motors, Inc.	Mobile
headquarters location	Black Star Co-op is a community-owned brewpub co-op in Austin, Texas.	Black Star Co-op	Austin
headquarters location	ASR Nederland is a major Dutch insurance group based in Utrecht.	ASR Nederland	Utrecht
headquarters location	Intenium is headquartered in Hamburg, Germany, the game development branch - ``Intenium Studio'' - is based in Kaliningrad, Russia.	Intenium	Hamburg
headquarters location	Unlike TV5MONDE which is based in Paris, France, and supervises the distribution of signals to all continents, TV5 Québec Canada is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, and is owned by the non-profit group Le Consortium de télévision Québec Canada inc. (CTQC) which distributes and manages the channel in Canada.	TV5 Québec Canada	Montreal
headquarters location	Pixelmetrix is headquartered in Singapore, and also has offices in the United States and Europe.	Pixelmetrix	Singapore
headquarters location	IQ Analytics are a specialist analytics focused recruitment organisation with offices in London and Manchester.	IQ Analytics	London
headquarters location	IGG Software is a Putney, Vermont-based software company that specializes in Mac OS X and iOS applications for personal finance management.	IGG Software	Putney, Vermont
headquarters location	OrganoClick AB, based in Stockholm, Sweden, is a company that sells chemical formulations and licenses for modifying all cellulose-based materials in the green way.	OrganoClick	Stockholm
headquarters location	Demandware is a software technology company headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts, providing a cloud-based e-commerce platform and related services for retailers and brand manufacturers around the world.	Demandware	Burlington
headquarters location	Energy Watch Group, Berlin (english executive summary) 2014 Zittel, W. (2014) The EU's dependency on Russia for natural gas can only be reversed with a rapid expansion of renewable energy sources.	Energy Watch Group	Berlin
headquarters location	Perdue Farms is the parent company of Perdue Foods and Perdue AgriBusiness, based in Salisbury, Maryland.	Perdue Farms	Salisbury
headquarters location	Mycogen Seeds, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, provides seeds for agriculture.	Mycogen Seeds	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Red Thread Games is an independent video game developer based in Oslo, Norway.	Red Thread Games	Oslo
headquarters location	Garfinckel's was a prominent department store chain based in Washington, D.C. that catered to a clientele of wealthy consumers.	Garfinckel's	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Divan Group is a hotel group based in Turkey; its flagship is the Divan Istanbul next to Taksim Gezi Park.	Divan Group	Istanbul
headquarters location	New Hope Coal is 61.11% owned by Washington H. Soul Pattinson and is headquartered in Brisbane, Queensland.	New Hope Coal	Brisbane
headquarters location	Cobham plc is a British manufacturing company based in Wimborne Minster, Dorset, England.	Cobham plc	Wimborne Minster
headquarters location	Wagon Automotive is an automotive parts company based in Birmingham.	Wagon Automotive	Birmingham
headquarters location	Green House Data is a data center services provider headquartered in Cheyenne, Wyoming.	Green House Data	Cheyenne
headquarters location	Ynetnews was established in 2005 in Tel Aviv to provide reporting and news from Israel and the Middle East to the Israeli community and its readers.	Ynetnews	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	The credit union moves to the Lafayette Building in Washington, D.C., and changes its name to Lafayette Federal Credit Union.	Lafayette Federal Credit Union	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ARABCCI) or (ArabCham) in Hong Kong was established in 2006 to promote commercial ties between Hong Kong and Greater China with the Arab world.	Arab Chamber of Commerce and Industry	Hong Kong
headquarters location	The Crouch Vale Brewery is an independent brewery based in South Woodham Ferrers, Essex, England.	Crouch Vale Brewery	South Woodham Ferrers
headquarters location	Bank Australia, formerly bankmecu and prior to that, the Members and Education Credit Union (mecu), is an Australian financial co-operative based in Kew, Victoria.	Bank Australia	Kew
headquarters location	Gravity4 is an online advertising technology company based in San Francisco.	Gravity4	San Francisco
headquarters location	Tasteful Licks Records is an independent, artist run record label based out of Raleigh, North Carolina.	Tasteful Licks Records	Raleigh
headquarters location	Marlabs Inc. is a provider of information technology services headquartered in Piscataway, New Jersey, US.	Marlabs	Piscataway
headquarters location	MicroImages, Inc. is a software development company in Lincoln, Nebraska founded in 1986.	MicroImages, Inc.	Lincoln
headquarters location	Pornhub was launched in Montreal, providing professional and amateur photography since 2007.	Pornhub	Montreal
headquarters location	Berthillon is a French manufacturer and retailer of luxury ice cream and sorbet, with its primary store on the Île Saint-Louis in Paris, France.	Berthillon	Paris
headquarters location	Lattitude Global Volunteering (formally GAP Activity Projects) is an international charity established in Reading, Berkshire, in 1972 to provide opportunities for young people to make a positive difference to the lives of others.	Lattitude Global Volunteering	Reading
headquarters location	The RealDoll is a life-size sex doll (also considered a mannequin) manufactured by Abyss Creations, LLC in San Marcos, California, and sold worldwide.	RealDoll	San Marcos
headquarters location	The Botswana Stock Exchange is a small but thriving stock exchange located in Gaborone, Botswana.	Botswana Stock Exchange	Gaborone
headquarters location	Ground Kontrol is a video game arcade and bar in Portland, Oregon, United States.	Ground Kontrol	Portland
headquarters location	Award Software International Inc. was a BIOS manufacturer founded in 1983, and headquartered in Mountain View, California, United States.	Award Software	Mountain View
headquarters location	Irvine, California-based Standard Pacific Homes is the America's 11th largest homebuilder as of 2015.	Standard Pacific Homes	Irvine
headquarters location	American National Carbide is a privately held company that manufactures tungsten carbide products and is headquartered in Tomball, Texas, which is just northwest of Houston.	American National Carbide	Tomball
headquarters location	Hermes Abrasives (also known as Hermes Schleifmittel GmbH & Co. KG) is an abrasive manufacturer based in Hamburg, Germany founded in 1927.	Hermes Abrasives	Hamburg
headquarters location	Géant Casino (French pronunciation: ​(ʒeɑ̃ kɑzino)) is a hypermarket chain based in Saint-Étienne, France, part of the French retailing giant Groupe Casino.	Géant Casino	Saint-Étienne
headquarters location	With the renewal of the offer, Josef von Glatter-Götz father and son, together with some workers and their families from the firm, established a new workshop at Schwarzach, Vorarlberg under the name 'Rieger Orgelbau' in 1946.	Rieger Orgelbau	Schwarzach
headquarters location	Collabera Inc is a company headquartered in Morristown, New Jersey that provides professional information technology recruiting, staffing, consulting, and business services to companies worldwide.	Collabera	Morristown
headquarters location	The Heavyweights is an Indianapolis-based full-service marketing communications agency experienced in a wide array of industries including healthcare, social media and product launches.	The Heavyweights	Indianapolis
headquarters location	Jack & Jason's Pancakes & Waffles is an independently owned and operated artisan foods company based out of San Francisco.	Jack & Jason's Pancakes & Waffles	San Francisco
headquarters location	Just5 is an international mobile phone designer and developer headquartered in Riga, Latvia.	Just5	Riga
headquarters location	WLS Stamping & Fabricating is an industrial stamping, fabricating, and engineering company located in Cleveland, Ohio with estimated annual sales of $20 million.	WLS Stamping	Cleveland
headquarters location	Aerohive Networks is an American multinational computer networking equipment company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California with additional offices in the United Kingdom and China.	Aerohive Networks	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	AIESEC's international headquarters are in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	AIESEC	Rotterdam
headquarters location	ITA Software is a travel industry software division of Google, formerly an independent company, in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	ITA Software	Cambridge
headquarters location	Eurostar International Limited (EIL) is the railway company operating the international Eurostar train services between London, Paris and Brussels via the Channel Tunnel.	Eurostar International Limited	London
headquarters location	Ergon, Inc. is a privately owned company based in Jackson, Mississippi.	Ergon, Inc.	Jackson
headquarters location	Vitesse Semiconductor was a fabless American semiconductor company based in Camarillo, California, which developed high-performance Ethernet integrated circuits solutions for Carrier, Enterprise networks.	Vitesse Semiconductor	Camarillo
headquarters location	Success University, founded in January 2005 by Matt Morris, is a privately held company based in Dallas, Texas.	Success University	Dallas
headquarters location	The Indigenous Peoples Council on Biocolonialism (IPCB) is a non-profit organization based in Nixon, Nevada for the purpose of political activism against the emergent field of population genetics for human migration research.	Indigenous Peoples Council on Biocolonialism	Nixon
headquarters location	Triodent Ltd. is a New Zealand dental manufacturing company based in Katikati, New Zealand.	Triodent	Katikati
headquarters location	RedZone Entertainment is an Atlanta-based, music-production entity.	RedZone Entertainment	Atlanta
headquarters location	F-star Biotechnology Ltd. is a biotechnology company originally founded in Vienna, with a current main research site in Cambridge, UK.	F-star	Cambridge
headquarters location	Herrenknecht AG is a German manufacturer of tunnel boring machines, headquartered in Allmannsweier, Schwanau, Baden-Württemberg.	Herrenknecht	Schwanau
headquarters location	Lotte Department Store (hangul:롯데백화점, kana:ロッテ百貨店) is a Korean retail company established in 1979, and headquartered in Sogong-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Lotte Department Store	Seoul
headquarters location	HANOWA and SWISS MILITARY - HANOWA are brands of Hanowa Aktiengesellschaft (AG)/Ltd. Solothurn/Switzerland which designs and makes timepieces, particularly wristwatches.	Hanowa	Solothurn
headquarters location	Novus Biologicals is a biotech company based in Littleton, Colorado, USA with offices in San Diego, California, Oakville, ON, Canada and the Cambridge Science Park in Cambridge, UK.	Novus Biologicals	Littleton
headquarters location	Global Maritime is an independent offshore and engineering consultancy headquartered in Stavanger, Norway.	Global Maritime	Stavanger
headquarters location	Naughty Dog, Inc. (known as Jam Software before renaming in 1989) is an American video game developer based in Santa Monica, California.	Naughty Dog	Santa Monica
headquarters location	General Electric (GE) is an American multinational conglomerate corporation incorporated in New York, and headquartered in Fairfield, Connecticut.	General Electric	Fairfield
headquarters location	Engineered Glass Products, LLC, (or EGP) in Chicago, Illinois, is the parent company of Marsco Glass Products, LLC, and Thermique Technologies, LLC.	Engineered Glass Products	Chicago
headquarters location	The Birchwood Automotive Group, headquartered in the Pointe West AutoPark in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, is Manitoba's largest automotive dealership group.	Birchwood Automotive Group	Winnipeg
headquarters location	Dot2Dot was a demand responsive airport bus service and company operating in London, United Kingdom.	Dot2Dot	London
headquarters location	Pirelli & C. SpA is a multinational company based in Milan, Italy, formerly listed on the Milan Stock Exchange since 1922.	Pirelli	Milan
headquarters location	In 1941, the Hilti company was founded by Martin and Eugen Hilti, with the opening of a mechanical workshop in Schaan, Liechtenstein.	Hilti	Schaan
headquarters location	Podravka is a food company based in Koprivnica, Croatia.	Podravka	Koprivnica
headquarters location	Hoover's is headquartered in Austin, Texas and also has employees in North America, Europe, and Asia.	Hoover's	Austin
headquarters location	Loblaws is a supermarket chain with over 2000 stores in Canada, headquartered in Brampton, with stores in British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec.	Loblaws	Brampton
headquarters location	North Peak Brewing Company is a brewpub and microbrewery located in Traverse City, Michigan, United States.	North Peak Brewing Company	Traverse City
headquarters location	Utility Warehouse is a multi-utility provider based in London, England.	Utility Warehouse	London
headquarters location	12 Peers Theater is a professional theatre company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.	12 Peers Theater	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	SiteJabber was founded in 2008 in San Francisco, California and has been described as ``the Yelp for websites and online businesses''.	SiteJabber	San Francisco
headquarters location	Mirantis Inc. is a Sunnyvale, California, based B2B cloud computing services company.	Mirantis	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	The Vanguard Group is an American investment management company based in Malvern, Pennsylvania, that manages approximately $3.0 trillion in assets.	The Vanguard Group	Malvern
headquarters location	Krönleins Brewery (Appeltofftska Bryggeri AB) is a Swedish brewery founded in 1836 by Anders Julius Appeltofft in Halmstad, Sweden.	Krönleins	Halmstad
headquarters location	The Saunders Aircraft Company is a Canadian aircraft manufacturer, originally based in Montréal before moving to Gimli, Manitoba.	Saunders Aircraft Company	Gimli
headquarters location	New World First Ferry Services (Chinese: 新世界第一渡輪服務有限公司) (in short New World First Ferry, First Ferry or NWFF) is a ferry service company in Hong Kong.	New World First Ferry	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Filament Productions is a production design and touring video company based in Charlottesville, Virginia, USA, since 2005.	Filament Productions	Charlottesville
headquarters location	The Bahamas Crisis Centre is a private, non-profit organization located in Nassau, New Providence, Bahamas that is dedicated to treating victims of physical, sexual, and emotional abuse.	Bahamas Crisis Centre	Nassau
headquarters location	Toronto's first Hacking Health event was in 2012.	Hacking Health	Toronto
headquarters location	Micromy is a hard surface coating company based in Täby, Sweden.	Micromy	Täby
headquarters location	Transmode, headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden, was a publicly listed provider of networking solutions, which enable fixed line and mobile network operators to cost effectively address the increasing capacity needs created by the rapid growth in video and data traffic.	Transmode	Stockholm
headquarters location	Evergreen International Aviation, Inc. was a global aviation services company based in McMinnville, Oregon, United States.	Evergreen International Aviation	McMinnville
headquarters location	Content & Company, also known as Content & Co., is a Los Angeles-based brand studio.	Content & Company	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Enerpac business is a division of Actuant (NYSE: ATU), a $1.5 billion diversified global manufacturing company, and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.	Enerpac	Menomonee Falls
headquarters location	The National Urban League (NUL), formerly known as the National League on Urban Conditions Among Negroes, is a nonpartisan civil rights organization based in New York City that advocates on behalf of African Americans and against racial discrimination in the United States.	National Urban League	New York City
headquarters location	Qorvis Communications is an international Washington, D.C.-based public relations, advertising, media relations and crisis communications firm.	Qorvis	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Rumpler Flugzeugwerke, usually known simply as Rumpler was a German aircraft manufacturer founded in Berlin by Austrian engineer Edmund Rumpler in 1909 as Rumpler Luftfahrtzeugbau.	Rumpler	Berlin
headquarters location	BillGuard launched at TechCrunch Disrupt New York in May 2011, where it won the 2nd place prize.	BillGuard	New York
headquarters location	Armand Nicolet is a Swiss luxury watch manufacturer located in Tramelan, a mountain village in the Bernese Jura.	Armand Nicolet	Tramelan
headquarters location	The Krenholm Manufacturing Company (alternate spelling, Kreenholm; German, Krähnholm, meaning ``crow island'') is located on the island of Kreenholm in what is now Narva, Estonia, on the border with Russia.	Krenholm Manufacturing Company	Narva
headquarters location	Purity Dairies is a Nashville, Tennessee, USA, based dairy company operated by the Ezell family.	Purity Dairies	Nashville
headquarters location	Mecom Group plc is a newspaper publishing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Mecom Group	London
headquarters location	Jerónimo Martins is listed on Euronext Lisbon, under the code JMT, and is part of the PSI-20 index.	Jerónimo Martins	Lisbon
headquarters location	Avocent, a business of Emerson Network Power, is an information-technology products manufacturer headquartered in Huntsville, Alabama.	Avocent	Huntsville
headquarters location	Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL) is a Government of India Enterprise under the Department of Atomic Energy (India), established in 1967 by Dr A. S. Rao at Hyderabad, to create a strong indigenous base in electronics.	Electronics Corporation of India Limited	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Ruck.us' Board of Advisors includes presidential strategist Mark McKinnon, former Bloomberg for Mayor campaign manager Bradley Tusk, well-known pundit and strategist Joe Trippi, former Mayor of Washington, D.C. Adrian Fenty, and several others.	Ruck.us	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	The Borsa Italiana S.p.A., based in Milan, is Italy's main stock exchange.	Borsa Italiana	Milan
headquarters location	LeadPoint, Inc. is a software and information technology services company for the lead generation industry located in Los Angeles, California.	LeadPoint	Los Angeles
headquarters location	MYC4 is currently headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark with a regional office in Nairobi, Kenya.	MYC4	Copenhagen
headquarters location	The Fédération des Entreprises Romandes Genève (FER Genève) is a Swiss (Romand designate Swiss Cantons where people speak French) employer's organization based in Geneva, Switzerland.	Fédération des Entreprises Romandes Genève	Geneva
headquarters location	The Collectors Club, often referred to as the Collectors Club of New York, is a private club and philatelic society in New York City.	Collectors Club of New York	New York City
headquarters location	Bruni Glass is a glass manufacturing company based in Milan, Italy and was founded in 1974.	Bruni Glass	Milan
headquarters location	Qatalyst Partners is a technology-focused boutique investment bank that specialises in mergers and acquisitions and is based in San Francisco with an additional office in London.	Qatalyst Partners	San Francisco
headquarters location	PizzaRev is a small fast casual chain of franchise pizza restaurants based in Los Angeles, California.	PizzaRev	Los Angeles
headquarters location	TOWER Software was a software development company, founded in 1985 in Canberra, Australia.	TOWER Software	Canberra
headquarters location	Ikarbus a.d. (Ikarbus - Fabrika autobusa i specijanih vozila a.d.) is a Serbian bus manufacturer based in the Belgrade urban municipality of Zemun.	Ikarbus	Belgrade
headquarters location	Oceania Cruises is a Miami, Florida, United States-based shipping company that operates five premium cruise ships on world-wide itineraries.	Oceania Cruises	Miami
headquarters location	1988 marked the birth of Street Kids International as a registered charity in Canada and in the following year, the organization premiered the animation Karate Kids.	Street Kids International	Canada
headquarters location	DB AutoZug GmbH was a German rail transport company that provided automobile (Motorail) and night passenger train services for Deutsche Bahn AG. It was based in Dortmund and was a wholly owned subsidiary of Deutsche Bahn AG. On 30 September 2013 the company was merged into DB AG's long distance division DB Fernverkehr.	DB AutoZug	Dortmund
headquarters location	The American Express Company, also known as Amex, is an American multinational financial services corporation headquartered in Manhattan's Three World Financial Center in New York City, United States.	American Express	Three World Financial Center	New York City
headquarters location	Conestoga Wood Specialties is a manufacturer of wood doors and components for kitchen, bath and furniture, based in East Earl, Pennsylvania.	Conestoga Wood Specialties	East Earl, Pennsylvania
headquarters location	Byrne Construction Services (Thos. S. Byrne, Ltd.) is a Fort Worth, Texas based construction company providing construction manager and general contractor services.	Byrne Construction Services	Fort Worth
headquarters location	The North Lancashire Steam Navigation Company provided shipping services between Fleetwood and ports in northern Ireland, principally Belfast from 1843 to 1870.	North Lancashire Steam Navigation Company	Fleetwood
headquarters location	Baynote is a San Jose, California-based software company offering web search recommendation software as a service products.	Baynote	San Jose
headquarters location	Iris Capital has offices in Paris, Düsseldorf, Montreal, San Francisco, Beijing, Tokyo, Riyadh and Dubai.	Iris Capital	Paris
headquarters location	On July 6, 1995, Doggy Style Records, Inc. was registered with the California Secretary of State as business entity number C1923139.	Doggy Style Records	California
headquarters location	The Flenser (also known as Flenser Records) is an experimental music record label specializing in music with a dark aesthetic from San Francisco, California formed in 2010.	The Flenser	San Francisco
headquarters location	Food Service Solutions, Inc is a software development company based out of Altoona, Pennsylvania that successfully designed and implemented biometrics into a lunchline.	Food Service Solutions	Altoona
headquarters location	Language Computer Corporation (LCC) is a natural language processing research company based in Richardson, Texas.	Language Computer Corporation	Richardson
headquarters location	WANdisco, plc., dually headquartered in Sheffield, England and San Ramon, California in the US, is a public software company specialized in the area of distributed computing.	WANdisco	Sheffield
headquarters location	Thousand Pounds Action Company is an independent company, based out of Los Angeles, California, co-created by Christopher C. Cowan, Vonzell Carter and Darren Bailey in 2010, which produces short action films that include an Asian martial arts sensibility, as well as visual effects.	Thousand Pounds Action Company	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The United Social Democratic Party (Portuguese: Partido Unido Social Democrático) is a centre-left social democratic political party in Guinea-Bissau.	United Social Democratic Party	Bissau
headquarters location	DR Studios (formerly known as Deep Red Games) is a video game developer based in Milton Keynes in the United Kingdom.	DR Studios	Milton Keynes
headquarters location	Statens Serum Institut (English: the State Serum Institute), or SSI for short, is a Danish sector research institute located on the island of Amager in Copenhagen.	Statens Serum Institut	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Allscripts, founded in 1986, is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, with additional key operations located in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Allscripts	Chicago
headquarters location	The District Development Fund, or DDF, is a Zimbabwe government agency within the Ministry of Rural Resources and Water Development that is charged with the responsibility of providing and maintaining rural infrastructure within the Communal, Resettlement and Small Scale Commercial Farming areas of Zimbabwe.	District Development Fund	Zimbabwe
headquarters location	Amy's Candy Bar is a confectionery store located in Chicago.	Amy's Candy Bar	Chicago
headquarters location	El Corte Inglés S.A. , headquartered in Madrid, is the biggest department store group in Europe and ranks fourth worldwide.	El Corte Inglés	Madrid
headquarters location	BYO Records is a Los Angeles, California based independent punk rock record label created by Shawn and Mark Stern, two of the three brothers of the seminal California punk rock band Youth Brigade (the third being Adam Stern who plays bass but does not run BYO).	BYO Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The Briggs Automotive Company (BAC) is a British sports car manufacturing company based in Speke, Liverpool.	Briggs Automotive Company	Speke
headquarters location	Yesterdog is a restaurant that specializes in hot dogs located in Eastown, Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Yesterdog	Grand Rapids
headquarters location	Sublime Dreamer is a clothing brand founded in 2008 by Brian Wanjare, Kyle C. Gray, A.P.Essong, and James Woods and based in Delaware.	Sublime Dreamer	Delaware
headquarters location	Aprilia was founded after the Second World War by Cavaliere Alberto Beggio, as a bicycle production factory at Noale, Italy in the province of Venice.	Aprilia	Noale
headquarters location	One Source Networks was founded in San Antonio, Texas in 2007 by CEO Ernest Cunningham and a core group of telecommunications industry veterans.	One Source Networks	San Antonio
headquarters location	Upper Crust Pizzeria is a Boston, Massachusetts based chain of pizzeria restaurants.	Upper Crust Pizzeria	Boston
headquarters location	Royal Wessanen is listed at Euronext Amsterdam.	Royal Wessanen	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Action Target is a manufacturer of custom shooting ranges and portable steel targets for military, law enforcement, Special Forces groups, tactical training schools, and commercial applications based in Provo, Utah.	Action Target	Provo
headquarters location	Varonis Systems is an American software company with headquarters in New York City.	Varonis Systems	New York City
headquarters location	Yale & Valor was a company in Birmingham that manufactured locks and gas fires.	Yale & Valor	Birmingham
headquarters location	TechnoAlpin AG, which is based in Bolzano, South Tyrol specializes in manual and fully automated snow-making systems.	TechnoAlpin	Bolzano
headquarters location	Teijin Aramid, formerly known as Teijin Twaron, is a company in The Netherlands that produces various high-strength fibers for industrial purposes, most notably their Kevlar-like para-aramid, Twaron.	Teijin Aramid	Netherlands
headquarters location	Soriana is a grocery and department store retail chain headquartered in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico.	Soriana	Monterrey
headquarters location	The National Union of Somali Journalists (NUSOJ) is a media organization based in Mogadishu, Somalia.	National Union of Somali Journalists	Mogadishu
headquarters location	Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. (salvaˈtoːre ferraˈɡaːmo) is an Italian luxury goods company, with headquarters in Florence, specializing in shoes, leather goods, and ready-to-wear for men and women.	Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.	Florence
headquarters location	BroadVoice, a subsidiary of Convergent Networks, was founded in December 2003 and was based in the Billerica, Massachusetts area as of 2008.	BroadVoice	Billerica
headquarters location	CYTA (short for CYprus Telecommunication Authority, pronounced SEE-ta in Cyprus) (Greek: Αρχή ΤΗλεπικοινωνιών Κύπρου ATHK acronym pronounced ``ateek'') is the telecommunications provider of Cyprus.	CYTA	Cyprus
headquarters location	Canadian American Transportation Systems, or ``CATS'', was a company based in Rochester, New York which initiated a passenger/vehicle ferry service on Lake Ontario, connecting Rochester with Toronto.	Canadian American Transportation Systems	Rochester
headquarters location	UAZ (УАЗ) (Ulyanovsky Avtomobilny Zavod, Ульяновский Автомобильный Завод, Ulyanovsk Automobile Plant) is an automobile manufacturer based in Ulyanovsk, Russia which manufactures off-road vehicles, buses and trucks.	UAZ	Ulyanovsk
headquarters location	Minera IRL Limited is currently quoted on the London AIM, Toronto and Lima Stock Exchanges.	Minera IRL	Lima
headquarters location	Stretched thin by expansion, changes in management tried to save the company; however, Discovery Zone filed for bankruptcy on March 26, 1996 in Wilmington, Delaware with debts of up to $366.8 million.	Discovery Zone	Wilmington
headquarters location	The American Pianists Association is a performing arts organization based in Indianapolis, Indiana, USA, that holds two national, quadrennial piano competitions in alternating 2-year cycles: the Classical Fellowship Awards and the Jazz Fellowship Awards.	American Pianists Association	Indianapolis
headquarters location	FEP Sports, formally known as First Endeavor Paintball or FEP), is a developer and manufacturer of paintball markers and other equipment located in Santa Barbara, CA.	FEP Sports	Santa Barbara
headquarters location	The Hazelden Foundation is a non-profit organization based in Center City, Minnesota.	Hazelden Foundation	Center City
headquarters location	DataRank is an American company based in Fayetteville, Arkansas which specializes in providing businesses with tools for analyzing conversations about their brands and competitors.	DataRank	Fayetteville
headquarters location	The MobileStore Limited, is an Indian telecom and mobile phone retailer, formerly known as ``Essar Telecom Retail, Ltd.'', The MobileStore currently has over 1000 shops in 150 cities, with its headquarters located in Mumbai.	The MobileStore	Mumbai
headquarters location	CHUM Limited was a media company based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from 1945 to 2007.	CHUM Limited	Toronto
headquarters location	Pervasive Software was headquartered in Austin, Texas, and sold its products with partners in other countries.	Pervasive Software	Austin
headquarters location	Wild Flavors, Inc. is a manufacturer of flavors, colors, and health-conscious food and beverage ingredients with headquarters in Erlanger, Kentucky.	Wild Flavors	Erlanger
headquarters location	Graphic Thought Facility (also known as GTF) is a London-based graphic design agency.	Graphic Thought Facility	London
headquarters location	Both the assembly plants were closed and all vehicle production transferred to Samcor's Silverton Assembly Plant in Pretoria.	Samcor	Pretoria
headquarters location	Hyundai Steel Co., Ltd, or HSC (formerly known as Hyundai INI Steel, and before that, Incheon Iron & Steel Co., Ltd.) is a steel making company headquartered in Incheon and Seoul, South Korea, and a member of the Hyundai-Kia Motor Group.	Hyundai Steel	Incheon
headquarters location	Market of Choice is a supermarket chain based in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	Market of Choice	Eugene
headquarters location	Lands' End is an American clothing retailer based in Dodgeville, Wisconsin, that specializes in casual clothing, luggage, and home furnishings.	Lands' End	Dodgeville
headquarters location	TXI, formerly Texas Industries, was set up in 1946 and now is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.	TXI	Dallas
headquarters location	Tuckerman Brewing Company is a brewery in Conway, New Hampshire, USA.	Tuckerman Brewing Company	Conway
headquarters location	Enodis plc was a British multinational foodmaking equipment manufacturing company headquartered in London.	Enodis	London
headquarters location	Cantabrian Unity (Spanish: Unidad Cántabra) is a Cantabrian political party based in Torrelavega.	Cantabrian Unity	Torrelavega
headquarters location	Drawn and Quarterly is a publishing company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, specializing in comics.	Drawn and Quarterly	Montreal
headquarters location	The partnership Fratelli Nardi was formed by the brothers Euste, Elio and Luigi Nardi in Milan, Italy.	Fratelli Nardi	Milan
headquarters location	SAGEMCOM is a French communications company based in Rueil-Malmaison.	SAGEMCOM	Rueil-Malmaison
headquarters location	Partsrederiet Kystekspressen ANS branded as Kystekspressen or the Coast Express is a shipping company that operates passenger ferry services between Trondheim and Kristiansund, Norway.	Kystekspressen	Trondheim
headquarters location	The Society of Merchant Venturers is a private entrepreneurial and charitable organisation in the English city of Bristol.	Society of Merchant Venturers	Bristol
headquarters location	Alliant Credit Union is a member-owned financial cooperative headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.	Alliant Credit Union	Chicago
headquarters location	The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace is a foreign-policy think tank with centers in Washington, D.C., Moscow, Beirut, Beijing, and Brussels.	Carnegie Endowment for International Peace	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	Trondhjems Elektricitetsværk og Sporvei was a municipally owned power company and tram operator in Trondheim, Norway between 1901 and 1936 when the company was split in Trondheim Energiverk (TEV) and Trondheim Sporvei.	Trondhjems Elektricitetsværk og Sporvei	Trondheim
headquarters location	Micheldever Tyre & Auto Services Limited, trading as Protyre are primarily focused on the fast fitting of motor vehicles, specialising in tyres, brakes, exhausts and batteries.	Protyre	Micheldever
headquarters location	Southern Theatres, L.L.C. is a movie theater chain based in New Orleans, Louisiana.	Southern Theatres	New Orleans
headquarters location	1996 Ouboter founded Micro Mobility Systems Ltd in Küsnacht.	Micro Mobility Systems	Küsnacht
headquarters location	AvePoint is an independent software vendor and manufacturer, headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey and founded in 2001.	AvePoint	Jersey City
headquarters location	The 194th Fighter Squadron (194 FS) is a unit of the California Air National Guard's 144th Fighter Wing (144 FW) at Fresno Air National Guard Base, California.	194th Fighter Squadron	Fresno Air National Guard Base
headquarters location	The Kaw River Railroad (reporting mark KAW) is a Kansas City, Missouri railroad, established in June 2004.	Kaw River Railroad	Kansas City
headquarters location	Lojas Renner (Portuguese for Renner Stores) is the second largest Brazilian department stores clothing company, headquartered in Porto Alegre - Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Lojas Renner	Porto Alegre
headquarters location	Industrial Scientific Corporation is based in the Pittsburgh suburb of Oakdale in Pennsylvania.	Industrial Scientific Corporation	Pittsburgh
headquarters location	The National Academy of Arts (Bulgarian: Национална художествена академия; abbreviated НХА, NAA) is an institution of higher education in Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	National Academy of Arts	Sofia
headquarters location	Furtados Music is a retail music store headquartered in Mumbai, India.	Furtados Music	Mumbai
headquarters location	ID Quantique (IDQ) is a Swiss company located in Geneva, Switzerland which provides quantum key distribution (QKD) systems, single photon counters, and hardware random number generators.	ID Quantique	Geneva
headquarters location	The Knox Automobile Company was a manufacturer of automobiles in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States between 1900 and 1914.	Knox Automobile Company	Springfield
headquarters location	Kaos Worldwide is a privately held clothing company based in Stafford, Texas that pioneered the category of advanced apparel known as technical clothing systems.	Kaos Worldwide	Stafford
headquarters location	BA CityFlyer is a wholly owned subsidiary airline of British Airways with its head office in Didsbury, Manchester, England.	BA CityFlyer	Didsbury
headquarters location	Suncor Energy is a Canadian integrated energy company based in Calgary, Alberta.	Suncor Energy	Calgary
headquarters location	Nexen Tire (Korean: 넥센타이어) Corporation is a tire manufacturer, headquartered in Yangsan, South Gyeongsang Province, and Seoul in South Korea.	Nexen Tire	Yangsan
headquarters location	LS Cable & System (LS C&S) has its headquarters at the LS Tower in Anyang and nine domestic factories of which six are located in Gumi, two in Donghae and one in Anyang.	LS Cable & System	Anyang
headquarters location	Slavic Village Development (SVD) is a non-profit community development corporation serving the North and South Broadway neighborhoods of Cleveland, Ohio.	Slavic Village Development	Cleveland
headquarters location	General Railway Signal Company (GRS) was a supplier of railway signaling equipment, systems and services in the Rochester, New York area.	General Railway Signal	Rochester
headquarters location	Bank SinoPac, or SinoPac Financial Holdings Company Ltd (Chinese: 永豐金融控股公司; pinyin: Yǒngfēng Jīnróng Kònggǔ Gōngsī), is a Taiwan-based banking holding company which operates through 18 divisions and 129 branches in Taiwan.	Bank SinoPac	Taiwan
headquarters location	Modernista! was a creative and communications agency based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Modernista!	Boston
headquarters location	Triple Alpha Luftfahrtgesellschaft (also known as 3A Airlines and 3AA) was a German airline based in Düsseldorf which has been administration since July 2011.	Triple Alpha Luftfahrtgesellschaft	Düsseldorf
headquarters location	Sureños in Los Angeles refer to Their members in Central California as ``Central Sureños'' and Sureños refer to their members in Santa Rosa and Modesto as ``Upstate Sureños''.	Sureños	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Mitchell & Ness Nostalgia Co., is an American sports clothing company located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Mitchell & Ness	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Owned by Jean Pouliot, a businessman in Montreal, Quebec whose holdings also included CFCF-TV and the TQS television network, CF Cable served served parts of Montreal, Laval and western suburbs on the Island of Montreal.	CF Cable	Montreal
headquarters location	Cirtas Systems was a privately held company based in San Jose, California.	Cirtas	San Jose
headquarters location	HyperCity opened its first store in Malad, Mumbai.	HyperCity	Mumbai
headquarters location	The Church of the Creator is a Christian-based faith organization headquartered in Ashland, Oregon.	Church of the Creator	Ashland
headquarters location	Premera Blue Cross is a nonprofit Blue Cross Blue Shield licensed health insurance company based in Mountlake Terrace, Washington, United States.	Premera Blue Cross	Mountlake Terrace
headquarters location	The Glacier Institute (established in 1983) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation located in Kalispell, Montana.	Glacier Institute	Kalispell
headquarters location	Quidi Vidi Brewing Company is a brewery in Quidi Vidi village, a neighbourhood of St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Quidi Vidi Brewing Company	St. John
headquarters location	Dangote Cement Plc is a Nigerian multinational publicly traded cement manufacturer headquartered in Lagos.	Dangote Cement	Lagos
headquarters location	Javaground USA, Corp was based in Irvine, California since 2004.	Javaground	Irvine
headquarters location	Doremi Laboratories, Inc., often shortened to Doremi Labs, was established in 1985 in Burbank, California, United States.	Doremi Labs	Burbank
headquarters location	Storm Aircraft, also called the StormAircraft Group, is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Sabaudia.	Storm Aircraft	Sabaudia
headquarters location	Mercier Press is a publisher based in Cork, Ireland.	Mercier Press	Cork
headquarters location	Sabah Gas Industries Sdn Bhd was a state owned holding company based in Labuan, Malaysia.	Sabah Gas Industries	Labuan
headquarters location	Marion Merrell Dow and its predecessor Marion Laboratories was a U.S. pharmaceutical company based in Kansas City, Missouri from 1950 until 1996.	Marion Merrell Dow	Kansas City
headquarters location	National Semiconductor was an American semiconductor manufacturer which specialized in analog devices and subsystems, formerly with headquarters in Santa Clara, California, United States.	National Semiconductor	Santa Clara
headquarters location	Nordic Ware (also known as Northland Aluminum Products, Inc.) is a company based in the Minneapolis suburb of St. Louis Park, Minnesota that introduced the Bundt cake pan in 1950.	Nordic Ware	St. Louis Park
headquarters location	The first Click Asia Summit was held from 20--22 January 2011 at the Taj Lands End, Mumbai.	Click Asia Summit	Mumbai
headquarters location	Tayto (Northern Ireland) Limited is a manufacturer of crisps and corn snacks based in Tandragee, County Armagh.	Tayto (Northern Ireland)	Tandragee
headquarters location	Genovique Specialties Corporation was a Rosemont, Illinois based chemical company formed in 2005 by Arsenal Capital Partners out of the Velsicol Chemical business unit which manufactured benzoic acid, sodium benzoate and specialty plasticizers.	Genovique Specialties Corporation	Rosemont
headquarters location	Brush Transformers are a company based in Loughborough, Leicestershire.	Brush Transformers	Loughborough
headquarters location	Pepe Jeans London is a denim and casual wear jeans brand established in the Portobello Road area of London in 1973, and based in Sant Feliu de Llobregat, Spain.	Pepe Jeans	London
headquarters location	Unlike most major Champagne Houses which are situated near the town, Canard-Duchêne is firmly established in the countryside of Ludes.	Canard-Duchêne	Ludes
headquarters location	Lindemans Brewery (Brouwerij Lindemans) is a Belgian family brewery based in Vlezenbeek, a small town in the Flemish Brabant southwest of Brussels.	Lindemans Brewery	Vlezenbeek
headquarters location	1996 - In June, Teklogix has relocated its office to the current Psion Teklogix corporate office, in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Teklogix	Mississauga
headquarters location	On April 23, 2015, Lily Collins took the stage at We Day Seattle to represent Bystander Revolution and deliver a speech about the power of consistent, simple actions.	Bystander Revolution	Seattle
headquarters location	Point of View, Inc. was a privately held U.S developer of video games headquartered in Irvine, California.	Point of View, Inc.	Irvine
headquarters location	CIMPA quickly expanded to Toulouse, Nantes (France), in Hamburg in 2001 (Germany) and also to Filton, in 2006 (UK).	CIMPA	Hamburg
headquarters location	Based in San Jose, CA, Yebol's artificial intelligence human intelligence-infused algorithms automatically cluster and categorize search results, web sites, pages and contents that it presents in a visually indexed format that is more aligned with initial human intent.	Yebol	San Jose
headquarters location	Nettech Private Limited, known simply as Nettech, is a computer networking training provider headquartered in Kolkata, India.	Nettech	Kolkata
headquarters location	Replogle Globes was started by Luther Replogle (1902-1981) when, in 1930, he began selling globes which he crafted by hand in his apartment in Chicago, using maps from England.	Replogle	Chicago
headquarters location	Dotty's soon made its move into the state, announcing plans to open 150 Dotty's Cafes, mostly in strip malls in the suburbs of Chicago.	Dotty's	Chicago
headquarters location	Focusrite plc (formerly Focusrite Audio Engineering Ltd.) is an English audio equipment manufacturer based in High Wycombe, England.	Focusrite	High Wycombe
headquarters location	Northern Championship Wrestling (Les Promotions NCW Inc.) is an independent professional wrestling promotion based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Northern Championship Wrestling	Montreal
headquarters location	The Skin House is a cosmetics company founded in 1979 located at Seoul, South Korea.	The Skin House	Seoul
headquarters location	Cimpor is listed on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange and is a member of the benchmark PSI-20 index.	Cimpor	Lisbon
headquarters location	The company was originally founded by Karl Fazer in 1891, as a ``French-Russian conditory'' in central Helsinki.	Fazer	Helsinki
headquarters location	AirRoad is a major national logistics company headquartered in Sydney, Australia, with operations in major capital and regional cities and towns around Australia.	AirRoad	Sydney
headquarters location	Custom Flight Ltd is a Canadian aircraft manufacturer based in Tiny, Ontario that was founded by Morgan Williams.	Custom Flight	Tiny
headquarters location	Trumpia.com is headquartered in Anaheim, California, and is owned and operated by DoCircle, Inc., a California-based corporation.	Trumpia	Anaheim
headquarters location	Argus Brewery, Inc., is a brewing company located in the historic Pullman District in Chicago, Illinois and brews the Argus brand of beers.	Argus Brewery	Chicago
headquarters location	Sonae was founded in 1959, in Maia, Portugal in the engineered wood business and more specifically the production of high-pressure decorative laminates, by the businessman, banker and patron from Arouca, Afonso Pinto de Magalhães.	Sonae	Maia
headquarters location	Glasair Aviation USA, LLC is a Chinese-owned aircraft manufacturer based in Arlington, Washington that produces the Glasair and Sportsman 2+2 line of homebuilt aircraft.	Glasair Aviation	Arlington
headquarters location	The Jute Corporation of India Ltd. (JCI) is based in Kolkata, is an agency of the government of India that assists jute cultivators in states where this crop is grown, providing minimum price support.	Jute Corporation of India	Kolkata
headquarters location	BearingPoint (parent company: BearingPoint Europe Holdings B.V.) is a multinational management and technology consulting firm headquartered in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	BearingPoint	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Founded by a group of European scientists and IT engineers, Scarab Research's development operations are based in Budapest.	Scarab Research	Budapest
headquarters location	The Community Foundation of the Eastern Shore was established in 1984, and is located in Salisbury, Maryland.	Community Foundation of the Eastern Shore	Salisbury
headquarters location	Choice Hotels International, Inc. is a hospitality holding corporation based in Rockville, Maryland, in the United States.	Choice Hotels	Rockville
headquarters location	Day Dreamer Interactive (abbreviated DDI) is a Winnipeg-based Canadian tabletop roleplaying game publisher.	Day Dreamer Interactive	Winnipeg
headquarters location	Founded in 2008 with headquarters based in London, United Kingdom, Tecdesk is part of the Santok Group that includes STK (mobile accessories), Tecmobile (mobile handsets) and thumbsUP! (gifts and gadgets).	Tecdesk	London
headquarters location	ALOE Systems' head office is located in Toronto, Canada.	ALOE Systems	Canada
headquarters location	PAS Giannina F.C. (Greek: ΠAE ΠΑΣ Γιάννινα 1966), or with its full name Panepirotikos Athlitikos Syllogos Giannina (Greek: Πανηπειρωτικός Αθλητικός Σύλλογος Γιάννινα, Panepirotic Athletic Society Giannina) is a Greek association football club based in the city of Ioannina, the capital of Greece's Epirus region.	PAS Giannina F.C.	Ioannina
headquarters location	Agence France-Presse (AFP) is an international news agency headquartered in Paris.	Agence France-Presse	Paris
headquarters location	SideOneDummy Records is an independent record label based in Los Angeles.	SideOneDummy Records	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Nuesoft Technologies, Inc. is a health care software as a service (SaaS) company headquartered in Marietta, Georgia, USA.	Nuesoft	Marietta
headquarters location	Arising out of the Cape Town Partnership, the Central City Improvement District is a private-public partnership formed in November, 2000 by the property owners within the central city to provide complementary services over and above what the City of Cape Town provides.	Central City Improvement District	Cape Town
headquarters location	The Canadian International Learning Foundation (CanILF) is an Ottawa, Canada-based, volunteer-run registered charity which provides and promotes professional education in areas of the world affected by war, illness and poverty (at-risk areas).	The Canadian International Learning Foundation	Ottawa
headquarters location	Envivio is headquartered in South San Francisco with offices in Singapore, Beijing, Denver (Colorado) and Rennes.	Envivio	South San Francisco
headquarters location	Micrografx (Micrografx Inc., Richardson, Texas) was a United States-based software-house most notable for its graphics products.	Micrografx	Richardson
headquarters location	PropertyGuys.com Inc. is a Canadian private sale real estate, or FSBO, marketing company based in Moncton, New Brunswick.	PropertyGuys.com	Moncton
headquarters location	Sunflower Corporation (Daylighting) is a start-up company founded in 2004 and based in Boulder Colorado, USA.	Sunflower Corporation	Boulder
headquarters location	Florida's Natural Growers is an agricultural cooperative based in Lake Wales, Florida.	Florida's Natural Growers	Lake Wales
headquarters location	Invisible Creature is a graphic design studio based in Seattle.	Invisible Creature	Seattle
headquarters location	CovalX AG is a Zürich, Switzerland-based company which develops and manufactures scientific instrumentation for academic research and industrial use.	CovalX	Zürich
headquarters location	Starwood Capital Group is an American private investment firm headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.	Starwood Capital Group	Greenwich
headquarters location	J. D. Neuhaus is a German air hoist, winches and crane manufacturer headquartered in Witten.	J. D. Neuhaus	Witten
headquarters location	Rescue One Financial is a financial services company located in Irvine, CA.	Rescue One Financial	Irvine
headquarters location	Ermanno Scervino is an Italian fashion house headquartered in Florence, Italy.	Ermanno Scervino	Florence
headquarters location	Atotech is an international speciality chemicals company, a subsidiary of the French oil and gas company Total S.A., with its main office in Berlin, Germany.	Atotech	Berlin
headquarters location	Philadelphia CyberKnife is a cancer treatment company located in Havertown, a suburb of Philadelphia.	Philadelphia CyberKnife	Havertown
headquarters location	Saint Honore Cake Shop (Chinese: 聖安娜餅屋; Jyutping: sing3 on1 naa4 beng2 uk1) is one of the largest bakery and cake chain stores in Hong Kong.	Saint Honore Cake Shop	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Palissy is the brand name under which the English firm of A.E. Jones and Sons, of Stoke-on-Trent, marketed their china and pottery.	Palissy	Stoke-on-Trent
headquarters location	In 1981, the original Computer City was founded by Leonard and Myrna Simon in Costa Mesa, California.	Computer City	Costa Mesa
headquarters location	Spyglass, Inc. (former NASDAQ ticker symbol SPYG), was an Internet software company based in Champaign, Illinois.	Spyglass, Inc.	Champaign
headquarters location	Zhongtong Bus Holding Co., Ltd. (SZSE: 000957) (Chinese: 中通客车; pinyin: Zhōngtōng Kèchē) is a Chinese bus manufacturing company based in Liaocheng, Shangdong Province.	Zhongtong Bus	Liaocheng
headquarters location	Newbury Comics began as a comic book vendor on Newbury Street in Boston.	Newbury Comics	Boston
headquarters location	The London Taxi Corporation Ltd (trading as The London Taxi Company; formerly Manganese Bronze Holdings plc) is an automotive engineering company headquartered in Coventry, United Kingdom, and a wholly owned subsidiary of Chinese automaker Geely.	The London Taxi Company	Coventry
headquarters location	Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher is a global law firm, founded in Los Angeles in 1890.	Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Al Fajer Group Dubai, United Arab Emirates (U.A.E.)is a nationally owned holding company established in 1970 by Sheikh Hasher bin Maktoum Al Maktoum of Dubai's ruling family.	Al Fajer Group	Dubai
headquarters location	Neptune Technologies is an industrial investor based in Paris, with a history of creating and acquiring innovative technology companies and fostering worldwide development of their activities for the long term.	Neptune Technologies	Paris
inception	IP Systems was set up in 2008.	IP Systems	2008
inception	Asia-Plus news agency was established in 1995 and started its activity in English and in Russian in 1996.	Asia-Plus	1995
inception	RapLeaf was founded in San Francisco by Auren Hoffman and Manish Shah in March 2005.	RapLeaf	March 2005
inception	Sensibo was founded on January 2014 by Omer Enbar and Ran Roth.	Sensibo	2014
inception	The 99 MP Party was a small New Zealand political party that contested the 2005 General Election.	99 MP Party	2005
inception	Atomic TV was a channel launched in 1997 in Poland (in 1996-1997 aired as programming block in polish cable station PTK2).	Atomic TV	1997
inception	The team was founded in 2008 and played as Caribes de San Sebastián in the 2009 season, then moved to Cataño and renamed Lancheras de Cataño.	Lancheras de Cataño	2008
inception	Blow Up Records (or Blow Up) is a British independent record label, that was established in London in May 1994, by Blow Up club founder and DJ Paul Tunkin.	Blow Up Records	1994
inception	Royal Greenland A/S is a fishing company in Greenland, spun off of Kalaallit Niuerfiat in 1990 but still wholly owned by the Government of Greenland.	Royal Greenland	1990
inception	Riverbed Technology was founded May 23, 2002, by Jerry Kennelly, CEO, and Steve McCanne, CTO.	Riverbed Technology	2002
inception	The Big Muddy National Fish and Wildlife Refuge was established in 1994, and has grown to over 16,700 acres (68 km2).	Big Muddy National Fish and Wildlife Refuge	1994
inception	Founded in 1961, the Antikenmuseum Basel und Sammlung Ludwig (Basel Museum of Ancient Art and Ludwig Collection) is one of the many museums in the Swiss city of Basel and a heritage site of national significance.	Antikenmuseum Basel und Sammlung Ludwig	1961
inception	Een Ander Joods Geluid (A Different Jewish Voice) (EAJG) is a Dutch-Jewish organisation founded in May 2001 to promote the public debate concerning Israel.	Een Ander Joods Geluid	2001
inception	The Ghana Immigration Service was established in 1989 under PNDC Law 226.	Ghana Immigration Service	1989
inception	KinderCare Education (formerly Knowledge Universe) is a privately held education services firm, co-founded by Michael Milken and his brother Lowell in 1996.	KinderCare Education	1996
inception	Ici, d'ailleurs... (``Here, there...'' in French) is an independent record label based in Nancy, France and established by Stéphane Grégoire in 1997 from his associative label ``Sine Terra Firma''.	Ici, d'ailleurs...	1997
inception	Moderates in Revolution (Italian: Moderati in Rivoluzione, MIR) is a political party in Italy founded in 2012 by the lawyer, banker and entrepreneur Gianpiero Samorì.	Moderates in Revolution	2012
inception	The station is owned by Nantucket Radio, LLC. WAZK first signed on May 24, 2012.	WAZK	2012
inception	Victoria Commercial Bank was established in 1987 as Victoria Finance Company, a non-bank finance institution (NBFI).	Victoria Commercial Bank	1987
inception	Ray DeMarini founded the company in Oregon in 1989, introducing a ``high-tech'' softball bat.	DeMarini	1989
inception	Trailfinders was founded in 1970 by former SAS-officer Mike Gooley with a staff of four.	Trailfinders	1970
inception	The Rogationists of the Heart of Jesus (RCJ) is a religious congregation of priests and brothers founded by St. Hannibal Mary Di Francia (1851-1927) in May 16, 1897.	Rogationists	1897
inception	Pasta Bravo was founded by Tim Aspel in 1988, at The Crossroads Center in Irvine.	Pasta Bravo	1988
inception	Opera della Luna, founded in 1994, is a British touring theatre troupe of actor-singers focusing on comic works.	Opera della Luna	1994
inception	The Wyoming Lottery Corporation, branded as WyoLotto, began operation on July 1, 2013, in the United States state of Wyoming.	Wyoming Lottery	2013
inception	FourPlay String Quartet is a four-piece rock band from Sydney, Australia, formed in 1995.	FourPlay String Quartet	1995
inception	The conference was formed in 2007 when four teams in the East Central Conference and six teams in the Valley 8 Conference formed the Eastern Valley Conference.	Eastern Valley Conference	2007
inception	The Taipei Futai Street Mansion (臺北撫台街洋樓), also called Yamato-chō Mansion (大和町洋樓), is the only existing historical and commercial building in Taipei Taiwan, built in 1910 the early years of the Japanese rule.	Taipei Futai Street Mansion	1910
inception	The present day Royal Marines Armoured Support Group was formed on 10 December 2007.	Royal Marines Armoured Support Group	2007
inception	Forest City Lovers are a Canadian folk indie pop band formed in 2006 in Toronto.	Forest City Lovers	2006
inception	The International Abolitionist Federation (IAF) (French: Fédération Abolitioniste Internationale) was an organization founded in Geneva in 1877 that aimed to abolish state regulation of prostitution, and also fought the international traffic in women in prostitution.	International Abolitionist Federation	1877
inception	The Pan-German League (German: Alldeutscher Verband) was an extremist, ultra-nationalist political interest organization which was officially founded in 1891, a year after the Zanzibar Treaty was signed.	Pan-German League	1891
inception	The community was charmed by the idea of having live theatre in its midst and it was agreed that the Company could utilize the outdoor amphitheatre for a full production of The Tempest in the summer of 2003; the St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival was born.	St. Lawrence Shakespeare Festival	2003
inception	I2P is beta software since 2003.	I2P	2003
inception	The Confucius Institute program began in 2004 and is overseen by Hanban (officially the Office of Chinese Language Council International).	Confucius Institute	2004
inception	In 1967, the archaeologist team reformed to the Hong Kong Archaeological Society to anticipate larger participations numbered around 200 members.	Hong Kong Archaeological Society	1967
inception	Champion Lakes Boat Club was formed in 2008 and is the only aquatic club in Western Australia to combine Dragon Boating, Kayaking, Rowing and Radio Sailing.	Champion Lakes Boat Club	2008
inception	North Force was set up late in 2003 by Kamo & Tikipunga Football clubs so that a combined team could be entered in either the US1 Federation League or the Northern Federations Football League, and to create a pathway for players to compete at the highest possible levels.	North Force	2003
inception	Pitsj (founded 1999 in Oslo, Norway) is a female Norwegian a cappella quintet.	Pitsj	1999
inception	Acsess Business Academy, located in South Africa, began in 1986 and has since expanded to include campuses at Port Elizabeth, East London, Pretoria North and Brits.	Acsess Business Academy	1986
inception	Rivotrill started its career in 2006.	Rivotrill	2006
inception	Tvida Vision is a Spanish-language religious network for the Hispanic community, launched in the United States in 2005, with distribution that reaches into northern Mexico.	Tvida Vision	2005
inception	After having been abandoned for years, the building was renovated by Juan Carlos López and Associates and re-opened in 1991 as the shopping arcade Galerías Pacífico.	Galerías Pacífico	1991
inception	The Strategic Defense Initiative Organization (SDIO) was set up in 1984 within the United States Department of Defense to oversee the Strategic Defense Initiative.	Strategic Defense Initiative	1984
inception	The Viscounty of Àger (Catalan Vescomtat d'Àger) was a feudal jurisdiction that branched off the County of Urgell in 1094.	Viscounty of Àger	1094
inception	The church was founded by mandate in May 1999 and is officially known as the Reformed Liberal Catholic Church (Old Catholic).	Reformed Liberal Catholic Church	1999
inception	The Big Pitch was launched on 6 December 2007 and was open for 10 weeks.	The Big Pitch	2007
inception	E-Loan was founded by Janina Pawlowski and Chris Larsen in 1997 to provide customers with access to mortgage loans over the Internet.	E-Loan	1997
inception	The American David Livingstone University of Florida (Russian: Американский Университет Флориды им. Дэвида Ливингстоуна) was founded in January 2009 as a multinational higher educational institution.	American David Livingstone University of Florida	2009
inception	Beach Dash was launched on November 13, 2010 in Daytona Beach, Florida by Red Frog Events, who also puts on Great Urban Race and Warrior Dash.	Beach Dash	2010
inception	Stars Shine International is a major recorded music company in Hong Kong, formed in 2010.	Stars Shine International	2010
inception	The institution that is now the LDS Motion Picture Studios began as the BYU Motion Picture Studio in 1953, and led by Wetzel Whitaker.	LDS Motion Picture Studios	1953
inception	The Aristotle University of Thessaloniki was founded in 1925 during the premiership of Alexandros Papanastassiou and was legislated under Law 3341/14-6-25.	Aristotle University of Thessaloniki	1925
inception	FC Iserlohn 46/49 is a German association football club from the city of Iserlohn, North Rhine-Westphalia, formed in 2012 from the merger of SF Oestrich-Iserlohn (founded in 1949) and TuS Iserlohn (club founded in 1846, football section founded in 1947).	FC Iserlohn 46/49	2012
inception	Ingate Systems was founded in 2001 as a joint venture between the Swedish companies Intertex Data AB, which had developed the first SIP proxy-based SIP aware firewall for the SOHO and SMB market., and Cendio Systems AB, which had developed the Fuego enterprise firewall.	Ingate Systems	2001
inception	Ghosts of Modern Man are an alternative rock band that was formed in Regina, Saskatchewan in 1994.	Ghosts of Modern Man	1994
inception	Chantoozies first single was a #4 hit ``Witch Queen'' released on Mushroom Records in 1986.	Chantoozies	1986
inception	The Justice Unity Party (Thai: พรรคสามัคคีธรรม, rtgs: Phak Samakkhi Tham) was a Thai pro-military and conservative political party established after the military coup d'état 1991.	Justice Unity Party	1991
inception	The first annual Shirley Jackson Awards were presented July 20, 2007 at the Readercon Conference on Imaginative Literature in Burlington, Massachusetts.	Shirley Jackson Award	2007
inception	GEIE EuroTorp is a consortium formed in July 1993 by French and Italian defense companies.	EuroTorp	1993
inception	Norilsk was founded at the end of the 1920s, but the official date of founding is traditionally 1935, when Norilsk was expanded as a settlement for the Norilsk mining-metallurgic complex and became the center of the Norillag system of GULAG labor camps.	Norilsk	1935
inception	Stoneacre Motor Group is a United Kingdom-based car dealership group established in 1994.	Stoneacre Motor Group	1994
inception	Nicon Airways was a short-lived airline based in Nigeria between 2006 and 2007.	Nicon Airways	2006
inception	The Jackson Code are an Australian rock band, formed in Perth in 1989.	The Jackson Code	1989
inception	The IAMG Distinguished Lectureship is a special lecture series established in the year 2002 by the International Association for Mathematical Geosciences (IAMG).	IAMG Distinguished Lectureship	2002
inception	Sister Double Happiness was an alternative blues-rock band that existed from 1986 until 1995, formed in San Francisco, CA, United States.	Sister Double Happiness	1986
inception	The 1st Indus Drama Awards ceremony, presented by Indus TV Network, sponsored by Dulux, took place on September 23, 2005 at PAF Museum, Karachi.	1st Indus Drama Awards	2005
inception	Texas Western Press is a university press part of the University of Texas at El Paso founded by Carl Hertzog in 1952.	Texas Western Press	1952
inception	Delticom was founded in Hanover in 1999 by Rainer Binder and Andreas Prüfer, two former managers at Continental AG. In 2000, Delticom AG launched ReifenDirekt.de, its first online shop for end consumers.	Delticom	1999
inception	The Affinia Group, a motor industry company, was formed in 2004 and specializes in the design, manufacture and replacement of parts for and on and off-road vehicles.	Affinia Group	2004
inception	Grosset & Dunlap is a United States book publisher founded in 1898.	Grosset & Dunlap	1898
inception	The Poetry Society (India) was formed in July 1984 at New Delhi as a voluntary association to promote Indian poetry and to look after the interests of Indian Poets.	The Poetry Society (India)	1984
inception	With assistance from Amana, Ma'ale Rehav'am was founded in 2001 after, and in reaction to, the assassination of Rehavam Zeevi for whom it is named, who was an ardent supporter of settlements in the occupied territories.	Ma'ale Rehav'am	2001
inception	Accellion was founded in 1999, and originally focused on providing distributed file storage management and backup technology.	Accellion	1999
inception	The Council was initially, in April 2002, incorporated as the Canadian Academies of Science, but in June 2006 renamed to Council of Canadian Academies.	Council of Canadian Academies	2002
inception	The Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad (P&LE) (reporting mark PLE), also known as the ``Little Giant'', was formed on May 11, 1875.	Pittsburgh and Lake Erie Railroad	1875
inception	Founded in 1978 by Liang Qingde, Galanz was originally a company that dealt in the trading of duck feathers.	Galanz	1978
inception	USA Cares is a non-profit organization founded in 2003 in Radcliff, Kentucky, existing ``to help bear the burdens of service by providing military families with financial and advocacy support in their time of need.''	USA Cares	2003
inception	The Mongolian Green Party (Mongolyn Nogoon Nam) was founded in 1990 when Mongolia became a democracy, becoming the first Green party founded in Asia.	Mongolian Green Party	1990
inception	Illdisposed is a death metal band from Aarhus, Denmark that was formed in 1991 by vocalist Bo Summer.	Illdisposed	1991
inception	Ripping Corpse was a death metal band formed in 1987 in Red Bank, New Jersey.	Ripping Corpse	1987
inception	The Hope Party Australia was a minor Australian political party active between 1997 and 2004.	Hope Party Australia	1997
inception	The Anthropological Society of New South Wales was formed in 1928, by William Walford Thorpe, ethnologist of the Australian Museum, Clifton Cappie Towle and three others.	Anthropological Society of New South Wales	1928
inception	St. Louis Islamic Center (STLIC) is a Bosnian mosque in St. Louis founded in early 2010.	St. Louis Islamic Center	2010
inception	The Prix Jacques Prévert du Scénario is a French film award created in 2007 by the French Screenwriters Guild (La Guilde Française des Scénaristes), a trade association which represents more than 350 screenwriters working in the film, television and animation sectors in France.	Prix Jacques Prévert du Scénario	2007
inception	The Fritz J. and Dolores H. Russ Prize is an American national and international award established by the United States National Academy of Engineering (NAE) in October 1999 in Athens, Ohio.	Russ Prize	1999
inception	Ceroc Enterprises was started by James Cronin and Sylvia Coleman in 1991 in an attempt to grow the ceroc dance form throughout the UK whilst maintaining control on its image and teaching methodology.	Ceroc Enterprises	1991
inception	Winter Equinox were a post-rock/experimental band hailing from Dundas & Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, formed in May 2004.	Winter Equinox	2004
inception	Founded in 1967, Inquilinos Boricuas en Acción (IBA) is a community development corporation whose goal is to make sure the residents of Villa Victoria in South End, Boston keep long term control over their housing and neighborhood.	Inquilinos Boricuas en Acción	1967
inception	Founded in 1936 (or, according to other sources, in 1940) as a collective farm, Lamutskoye served as a central hub for the Lamutsko-Yablonskaya nomadic reindeer breeders group, consisting of only eight itinerant families.	Lamutskoye	1940
inception	Guano Apes is a rock band formed in 1994 in Göttingen, Germany.	Guano Apes	1994
inception	It was staged as the Australian GT Performance Car Championship in 2003 and 2004 and as the Australian Performance Car Championship from 2005 to 2007.	Australian Performance Car Championship	2003
inception	The Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame was established in 1991 through a joint partnership by the Canada Science and Technology Museum, the National Research Council of Canada (NRC), Industry Canada and the Association of Partners in Education, to mark the NRC's 75th anniversary.	Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame	1991
inception	The International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society (IBANGS) is a learned society that was founded in 1996.	International Behavioural and Neural Genetics Society	1996
inception	The New Orleans Ladies Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race created in 2010 at Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana to attract 2009 American Horse of the Year Rachel Alexandra to train and compete there.	New Orleans Ladies Stakes	2010
inception	The City of Onkaparinga was formed on 1 July 1997, from the amalgamation the former Cities of Happy Valley and Noarlunga with part of the District Council of Willunga.	City of Onkaparinga	1997
inception	Rose Mary Boarding School is a private school established in the year 1992 at Sombaray Bazar, Gorubathan,under the Sub-division Kalimpong in Darjeeling district of West Bengal.	Rose Mary Boarding School	1992
inception	The Australasian Computer Music Association (ACMA) is a nonprofit Australia and New Zealand based organisation founded in 1989, which aims to promote electroacoustic and computer music.	Australasian Computer Music Association	1989
inception	Andamiro Entertainment (Hangul: 안다미로; RR: andamilo) is a video game company originally founded in South Korea in 1992 as Oksan Entertainment Co. Ltd, and changed to Andamiro in 1999.	Andamiro	1992
inception	Superflex is a Danish artists' group founded in 1993 by Jakob Fenger, Rasmus Nielsen and Bjørnstjerne Christiansen.	Superflex	1993
inception	In 2003 Prolexic Technologies was founded by Barrett Lyon and was the subject of a book Fatal System Error by Joseph Menn.	Prolexic Technologies	2003
inception	Chris & Jenna is an American indie piano pop duo from Westminster, Maryland, formed in 2009.	Chris & Jenna	2009
inception	Ginx TV was launched in August 2008 on Romania's Boom TV satellite television platform.	Ginx TV	2008
inception	Pyramaze was formed in 2001 by guitarist Michael Kammeyer.	Pyramaze	2001
inception	Silver Fist is a Spanish thrash metal/speed metal band founded in 2002.	Silver Fist	2002
inception	Yogurtland was founded in February 2006 by Phillip Chang, who is also the chain's CEO and president.	Yogurtland	2006
inception	Bliss 66, originally called Utopia, then Novicain, was formed by guitarists Aaron Schossau and Rob Harbin in Taylor, Mi, a suburb of Detroit, in 1997.	Bliss 66	1997
inception	The Young Americas Business Trust (YABT), is a non-profit organization established in 1999 as an outreach effort of the Organization of American States (OAS).	Young Americas Business Trust	1999
inception	The FIBA Europe Men's Player of the Year Award is an annual official FIBA Europe award inaugurated in the year 2005, with awards given to men's basketball players.	FIBA Europe Men's Player of the Year Award	2005
inception	The Arab American Action Network is a Chicago community center founded in 1995.	Arab American Action Network	1995
inception	International Day of No Prostitution (IDNP) is an awareness day that was first observed in 2002.	International Day of No Prostitution	2002
inception	Marxman were a four-piece Marxist hip-hop group with two MCs formed in London in 1989.	Marxman	1989
inception	Dying Like Ophelia is a 2002 award winning six-minute drama, directed by Ed Gass-Donnelly, produced by Veni Vidi Vici Motion Pictures and based on an excerpt of the play Lion in the Streets by Judith Thompson, two-time winner of the Governor General Award.	Dying Like Ophelia	2002
inception	Columbia TriStar International Television was the worldwide television distribution and production arm of Columbia TriStar Television that was launched in 1995.	Columbia TriStar International Television	1995
inception	Founded in 1992 as Changsha Hi-tech Development Area Zoomlion Construction Mechanical Industry Company, one of its first products were concrete pumps.	Zoomlion	1992
inception	The Fiji Human Rights Commission was created by presidential decree in 2009, succeeding the entity of the same name established as an independent statutory body under the 1997 Constitution of the Republic of the Fiji Islands.	Fiji Human Rights Commission	2009
inception	IFK Holmsund is a football team from Holmsund, Sweden, founded on 8 June 1923 that plays its home games at Kamratvallen.	IFK Holmsund	1923
inception	In November 2010, Boing Boing‍ '​s Mark Frauenfelder wrote ``Only three episodes of the Judge John Hodgman podcast have been produced, but I know that it's going to be one of my favorites.''	Judge John Hodgman	2010
inception	Soft Eject is a Georgian folk-rock band founded in Tbilisi in 1989.	Soft Eject	1989
inception	The Grand Alliance for Democracy (GAD) was a political multi-party electoral alliance during the 1987 Philippine legislative election.	Grand Alliance for Democracy	1987
inception	The Museum of the American Cocktail was founded in October 2004 by Dale and Jill DeGroff, Robert Hess, Philip Greene, Ted Haigh, Anistatia Miller, Jared Brown, Chris and Laura McMillian, and a group of spirits experts, writers, and cocktail historians that included David Wondrich, Gaz Regan, among others.	The Museum of the American Cocktail	2004
inception	The Department of Regional Australia, Regional Development and Local Government was an Australian Government department that existed between September 2010 and December 2011.	Department of Regional Australia, Regional Development and Local Government	2010
inception	Mister Denmark was founded in 1994 by Miss Denmark Organization.	Mister Denmark	1994
inception	In 2008 Torresol Energy was founded, controlled by SENER Grupo de Ingeniería (60%) and Masdar (40%).	Torresol Energy	2008
inception	The TaxPayers' Alliance is a British pressure group and think tank formed in 2004 to campaign for a low tax society.	TaxPayers' Alliance	2004
inception	South Coast Radio was a commercial radio station which broadcast on Medium Wave on the South Coast of England between 1991 and 1998.	South Coast Radio	1991
inception	¡Forward, Russia! are an English alternative band from Leeds, active from between 2004 to 2008, before reforming in 2013.	¡Forward, Russia!	2004
inception	Founded in the 2001, United Mobile earned the ISO 90001 certification in 2005.	United Mobile	2001
inception	Busan Kia Enterprise (January 1997 -- June 2001) Ulsan Mobis Automons (June 2001 -- October 2004) Ulsan Mobis Phoebus (October 2004 -- present)	Ulsan Mobis Phoebus	1997
inception	The Black Radical Congress or BRC is an organization founded in 1998 in Chicago.	Black Radical Congress	1998
inception	It was then renamed Lane Cove National Park in 1992.	Lane Cove National Park	1992
inception	La FM is a Colombian news/talk/pop music radio station, founded in July 1996 by RCN Radio.	La FM	1996
inception	Kinesoft Development Corporation was a video game development company founded by Peter Sills in 1991.	Kinesoft	1991
inception	Claris was a computer software developer formed as a spin-off from Apple Computer (now Apple Inc.) in 1987.	Claris	1987
inception	The L. Perrigo Company was founded in 1887 in Allegan, Michigan, by Luther and Charles Perrigo, who ran a country general store .	Perrigo	1887
inception	The station signed on as a translator for Liberty University's WRVL in 2004, on 96.1 MHz, using the callsign W241AP.	W241AP	2004
inception	Golden Lotus Award for Best Newcomer (simplified Chinese: 金莲花奖最佳新人; traditional Chinese: 金蓮花獎最佳新人) has been awarded annually since 2009 by the Macau Film and Television Media Association and China International Cultural Communication Center.	Golden Lotus Award for Best Newcomer	2009
inception	The Waverton Good Read Award was founded in 2003 by villagers in Waverton, Cheshire, England, and is based on Le Prix de la Cadière d'Azur, a literary prize awarded by a Provençal village.	Waverton Good Read Award	2003
inception	Veikkausliiga was founded in 1990; before that the top division was called Mestaruussarja (championship series) since 1930 which was an amateur or semi-professional league.	Veikkausliiga	1990
inception	GLOBE is the Global Legislators Organisation for a Balanced Environment, founded in 1989.	GLOBE	1989
inception	Secret Trial Five is a Canadian five-piece political punk rock band formed in 2006 in Vancouver.	Secret Trial Five	2006
inception	Nanobiotix is a spin-off of the State University of New York (SUNY) at Buffalo that was incorporated in 2003 and has been primarily funded by leading European venture capital firms (Matignon Technologies, OTC Asset Management, Cap Decisif, Amorcage Rhone-Alpes, CIC Vizille; Masseran Gestion-CGE).	Nanobiotix	2003
inception	Allen & Allen are an American urban contemporary gospel jazz-funk and soul jazz African-American music duo from Daytona Beach, Florida, and they started their music recording careers in 1994.	Allen & Allen	1994
inception	The Eduard Rhein Foundation was founded in 1976 in Hamburg (Germany) by Eduard Rhein.	Eduard Rhein Foundation	1976
inception	The Teesside Development Corporation was a government-backed development corporation that was established in 1987 to fund and manage regeneration projects in the former-county of Cleveland in North East England.	Teesside Development Corporation	1987
inception	Cyntia is an all-female Japanese heavy metal band formed in 2011.	Cyntia	2011
inception	Wellington Point State High School opened its doors in January 1988, along with the closely located but privately run Redlands College.	Wellington Point State High School	1988
inception	The Castelló Masters was a European Tour golf tournament that was played annually from 2008 through 2011.	Castelló Masters	2008
inception	AQ Interactive was founded on October 1, 2005 when Cavia, established on March 1, 2000, changed its name and became a holding company responsible for the management of subsidiary companies as well as sales and promotion of video game software.	AQ Interactive	2005
inception	Taake (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈtoːkə)) is a Norwegian black metal band, formed in 1993 in Bergen by Hoest (then-known as Ulvhedin) under the name Thule.	Taake	1993
inception	Muskoka Cottage Brewery is a craft brewing company founded in June, 1996 by Gary McMullen and Kirk Evans.	Muskoka Cottage Brewery	June, 1996
inception	The British Independent Film Awards were created in 1998 by Raindance founder Elliot Grove.	British Independent Film Awards	1998
inception	Some old and new team members joined them over the course of 2004 and 2005 and the mod group was given its name Feline Fuelled Games on 29 September 2005, referring a story arc of the webcomic Dragon Tails about an incompetent video game developer company.	Feline Fuelled Games	2005
inception	Internet Security Alliance (ISAlliance) was founded in 2001 as a non-profit collaboration between the Electronic Industries Alliance (EIA), a federation of trade associations, and Carnegie Mellon University's CyLab, focussing on cyber security.	Internet Security Alliance	2001
inception	The International Center For Islam and Pluralism (ICIP) is an Islamic NGO in Indonesia that was founded in 2003.	International Center For Islam and Pluralism	2003
inception	The Rotterdam Tour, in its first two editions called the Tour Beneden-Maas, was an elite women's professional one-day road bicycle race held between 1998 and 2006 in Rotterdam, Netherlands as part of the UCI Women's Road Cycling World Cup.	Rotterdam Tour	1998
inception	Saturday Looks Good to Me is an American experimental indie pop band that formed in 1999.	Saturday Looks Good to Me	1999
inception	Founded in summer 1980, Fashion Records is one of the more successful UK-based reggae labels, and one of only a few British reggae labels to release records that were produced in their own recording studio.	Fashion Records	1980
inception	Spono Nottwil is a Swiss women's handball club from Nottwil founded in 1971.	Spono Nottwil	1971
inception	Pentax *ist D is a digital SLR camera produced by Pentax, released in 2003.	Pentax *ist D	2003
inception	Impetuous Theater Group is a Manhattan based Indie Theater company founded in 2004 by James David Jackson, Josh Sherman and Joe Powell.	Impetuous Theater Group	2004
inception	Autopsy Torment is a Swedish death metal band, formed in 1989.	Autopsy Torment	1989
inception	Young Heretics were a musical duo based in Melbourne, Victoria, formed in 2009.	Young Heretics	2009
inception	The sport club's basketball department, Pagrati B.C., was founded in 1938.	Pagrati B.C.	1938
inception	Umeå School of Architecture (abbreviated UMA) was founded in 2009 as the fourth academic school in Sweden to provide a professional degree in architecture.	Umeå School of Architecture	2009
inception	SpareFoot was founded in 2008 by Chuck Gordon and Mario Feghali while both were attending UCLA.	SpareFoot	2008
inception	The Cayman Islands Digicel Cup is a cup of the Cayman Islands football, first held in 2006.	Cayman Islands Digicel Cup	2006
inception	Launched in 1999, Bangla TV was the first Bengali language television channel in the UK.	Bangla TV	1999
inception	The humorous stories about Bakor Patel written by Vyas which first appeared in 1936 and continued till 1955.	Bakor Patel	1936
inception	The Tolkien Ensemble (founded in 1995) is a Danish ensemble which aims to create ``the world's first complete musical interpretation of the poems and songs from The Lord of the Rings''.	The Tolkien Ensemble	1995
inception	The club was re-founded on 7 April 2008 as a successor of a former hockey team (also named ``Dinamo Riga''), which was founded in 1946, but ceased to exist in 1995.	Dinamo Riga	2008
inception	West Liberty Foods, L.L.C. is a US meat processing company owned by the Iowa Turkey Growers Cooperative and formed in 1996 by a group of Iowa turkey growers, and now owns four meat processing plants.	West Liberty Foods	1996
inception	Aughrim Rugby was officially founded on February 3, 2011 in Aughrim, County Wicklow, Ireland.	Aughrim Rugby	2011
inception	The Institute of International Relations and Political Science (IIRPS) of Vilnius University was established on 7 February 1992 by the agreement between Vilnius University and the Supreme Committee for the Liberation of Lithuania.	Institute of International Relations	1992
inception	Coeur Mining was formed in 1928 to mine silver in the Coeur d’Alene region of Idaho.	Coeur Mining	1928
inception	Adam Aircraft Industries (AAI) was an aircraft manufacturer founded by George F. Adam Jr and John C. Knudsen in 1998.	Adam Aircraft Industries	1998
inception	Hamdan Bin Mohammed Smart University (formerly Hamdan Bin Mohammed e-University) the first e-University in the United Arab Emirates, was inaugurated in February, 2009.	Hamdan Bin Mohammed Smart University	2009
inception	Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility is a non-profit, anti-nuclear, public interest organization founded in 2005, and based in San Luis Obispo, California.	Alliance for Nuclear Responsibility	2005
inception	Infratil was one of the world's first listed infrastructure funds when it was established and listed on the New Zealand Exchange in 1994.	Infratil	1994
inception	Roanoke River National Wildlife Refuge was established in 1989 to protect and enhance wooded wetlands consisting of bottomland hardwoods and swamps with high waterfowl value along the Roanoke River.	Roanoke River National Wildlife Refuge	1989
inception	Mojo Fury EP (September, 2004) Untitled EP (February, 2006) Visiting Hours...	Mojo Fury	2004
inception	Wirral Grammar School for Boys, founded in 1931, is situated on Cross Lane, Bebington, on the Wirral Peninsula in England.	Wirral Grammar School for Boys	1931
inception	Formed in 2010, Jinja Safari was initially a duo of Marcus Azon & Pepa Knight.	Jinja Safari	2010
inception	The main feature of the New Westminster Museum and Archives (NWMA) is the 1865 Irving House, which is said to be the oldest intact house in the BC Lower Mainland.	New Westminster	1865
inception	The Prod'homme was a French automobile manufactured at Ivry-Port from 1907 to 1908.	Prod'homme	1907
inception	Executive director Ross Baird and board member Bob Pattillo developed the Village Capital concept in 2009 as an initiative of First Light Ventures, a seed fund of impact investment firm Gray Ghost Ventures.	Village Capital	2009
inception	Lights Below started as a high-school cover band in 2003.	Lights Below	2003
inception	Armchair Martian, formed in 1993, is a trio based out of Fort Collins, Colorado.	Armchair Martian	1993
inception	Alive in Wild Paint (formerly known as Goodbye Tomorrow) was an indie rock band from Phoenix, Arizona, formed in 2003.	Alive in Wild Paint	2003
inception	These Animal Men formed in Brighton circa 1990, signing to Hut Records, an offshoot of Virgin Records in 1993.	These Animal Men	1990
inception	Energy Alberta Corporation was created in 2005 to provide nuclear power to the energy-intensive development of the oil sands resources in northern Alberta, Canada.	Energy Alberta Corporation	2005
inception	Birthright Armenia was established in 2003 by Edele Hovnanian as an international nonprofit organization.	Birthright Armenia	2003
inception	The Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation is a United Kingdom-based charity (registered no. 299955) established in 1988 to support closer links between Britain and Japan.	Daiwa Anglo-Japanese Foundation	1988
inception	Ellesse is a sports apparel company founded in Italy in 1959.	Ellesse	1959
inception	Kurdistan Toilers' Party (Kurdish: Parti Zahmatkeshan Kurdistan‎) founded according to the party in 1985, is a splinter from the Kurdistan Socialist Party, and later a member of the Iraqi Kurdistan Front.	Kurdistan Toilers' Party	1985
inception	City Mission Academy is a private, non-denominational Christian, charitable organization and K-5 school operating in the community of Brightmoor, Detroit since 1998.	City Mission Academy	1998
inception	The University of Calcutta (Bengali: কলিকাতা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়; informally known as Calcutta University or CU) is a public state university located in Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), West Bengal, India established on 24 January 1857.	University of Calcutta	24 January 1857
inception	The Assemblies of the Lord Jesus Christ (ALJC) is a Oneness Pentecostal Christian denomination formed in 1952 by the merger of the Assemblies of the Church of Jesus Christ, the Jesus Only Apostolic Church of God, and the Church of the Lord Jesus Christ.	Assemblies of the Lord Jesus Christ	1952
inception	The Czartoryski Museum and Library (Polish: Muzeum Książąt Czartoryskich w Krakowie) is a museum located in Kraków, Poland, founded in Puławy in 1796 by Princess Izabela Czartoryska.	Czartoryski Museum	1796
inception	McCauley Propeller Systems, founded in 1938 by Earnest G. McCauley, is an American manufacturer of composite propellers for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft.	McCauley Propeller Systems	1938
inception	Stainless Steel Studios (SSSI) was a computer game development company, started in 1997 by Rick Goodman and Dara-Lynn Pelechatz.	Stainless Steel Studios	1997
inception	The Revue des deux Mondes (English: Review of the Two Worlds) is a French language monthly literary and cultural affairs magazine that has been published in Paris since 1829.	Revue des deux Mondes	1829
inception	Belgian TV channel RTL became independent on September 12, 1987 with the launch of RTL-TVI (Télévision indépendante), which now produces all its programming in Brussels.	RTL-TVI	1987
inception	Qwest Interprise America, Inc. (stylized !NTERPRISE) was created in 1995 to address the advanced data, network integration and interworking needs of large customers.	Qwest Interprise America	1995
inception	Love The Noise was released independently in 2005 by Camera Can't Lie.	Camera Can't Lie	2005
inception	Allied Electronics was founded in 1928 by Simon ``Sy'' Wexler as the radio parts distribution arm of Columbia Radio Corporation (founded in 1921 by Wexler).	Allied Electronics	1928
inception	In 1978, Lo launched sporting goods company Kunnan Enterprises Ltd., with ProKennex as its racquet brand.	ProKennex	1978
inception	Perfect Pussy is an American rock band, formed in 2012 in Syracuse, New York.	Perfect Pussy	2012
inception	Founded in 1996 by director Deepa Mehta and producer David Hamilton, Hamilton-Mehta Productions is well known for its films that explore the human condition.	Hamilton-Mehta Productions	1996
inception	Electric Universe is a psychedelic trance project from Germany formed by Boris Blenn and Michael Dressler in 1991.	Electric Universe	1991
inception	Aktiengesellschaft für Uhrenfabrikation Lenzkirch (Public company for clockmaking Lenzkirch) was founded in 1851 in the village of Lenzkirch in Baden by Eduard Hauser who had trained in France and Switzerland.	Aktiengesellschaft für Uhrenfabrikation Lenzkirch	1851
inception	Popular Medical College (PMC) (Bengali: পপুলার মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2010.	Popular Medical College	2010
inception	The Commission on Key National Indicators was established in a provision of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to oversee the creation of a system of citizen statistics known as a ``Key National Indicators System''.	Commission on Key National Indicators	2010
inception	The Lone Sailor, a 1987 bronze sculpture, is a tribute to all the personnel of the sea services.	The Lone Sailor	1987
inception	The shopping centre opened on 2 December 2004 as part of the Rhodes Waterside development, which also includes medium density residential blocks and an office building as part of the shopping centre.	Rhodes Waterside	2004
inception	The Albany Choppers was an independent professional ice hockey team competing in the International Hockey League during the 1990--1991 season.	Albany Choppers	1990
inception	The International Military Sports Council (IMSC) or Conseil International du Sport Militaire (CISM), established 1948, is one of the largest multidisciplinary organisations in the world.	International Military Sports Council	1948
inception	In 1988, they teamed up together to form The Johner Brothers.	The Johner Brothers	1988
inception	Tokushima Prefectural Joto High School (徳島県立城東高等学校, Tokushima Kenritsu Jōtō Kōtō Gakkō) is a secondary school in Tokushima, Tokushima, Japan, founded in 1902.	Joto High School	1902
inception	The Magix company was founded in 1993 in Munich by Jürgen Jaron Dieter Rein and Erhard Rein.	Magix	1993
inception	With his two sons, Paul-Louis and Robert, he founded the group Promodis (future Promodès) in 1961 in Caen (Calvados) by combining several Norman families of wholesalers: the Halley's, the Duval-Lemonnier and the Marette.	Promodès	1961
inception	Evropesma (Serbian Cyrillic: Европесма; Serbia's version of the name) or Europjesma (Еуропјесма; Montenegro's version of the name) was a pop festival in Serbia and Montenegro which ran from 2004 to 2006.	Evropesma	2004
inception	A Wilhelm Scream (abbreviated as AWS) is a melodic hardcore band from New Bedford, Massachusetts formed in 1999.	A Wilhelm Scream	1999
inception	Dead Disco were an English electronic music band from Leeds, Yorkshire, formed in 2005.	Dead Disco	2005
inception	He gradually wandered along the Vitim River and eventually settled in the area of present-day Taksimo in 1910.	Taksimo	1910
inception	In 1972, under the ownership of the Greek millionaire Giannis Goulandris Neorion incorporated Enfield Automotive, originally a British company, owned by Goulandris, involved in the design and construction of electric cars.	Neorion	1972
inception	Ableton was founded in 1999 by Gerhard Behles, Robert Henke of Monolake and Bernd Roggendorf.	Ableton	1999
inception	The Belgian Labour Party, known as the Belgische Werkliedenpartij (BWP) in Dutch and Parti Ouvrier Belge (POB) in French, was the first big socialist party in Belgium, founded in 1885.	Belgian Labour Party	1885
inception	AppRiver was founded in 2002 in Gulf Breeze, FL, with the goal of delivering applications to businesses through the Internet.	AppRiver	2002
inception	Nordsøen Oceanarium is a public aquarium and museum that opened in 1998 on the shores of the North Sea in Hirtshals, north Jutland, Denmark.	Nordsøen Oceanarium	1998
inception	Astral Media's roots lie with Angreen Photo, a Canadian company founded in 1961.	Astral Media	1961
inception	Children with Cancer UK (formerly Children With Leukaemia) is a British charitable organisation, inaugurated by Diana, Princess of Wales on 12 January 1988, that provides funding for research into the prevention and cure of all childhood cancers including acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (lymphoid) (ALL) and Acute myeloid leukaemia (AML).	Children with Cancer UK	1988
inception	Markíza is a television station in Slovakia launched on 31 August 1996.	Markíza	1996
inception	It is the successor to StopBadware.org, a project started in 2006 at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard University.	StopBadware	2006
inception	The Glacier National Park Fund (established in 1999), is an organization whose main goal is to raise money to support the demands of the Glacier National Park, located in West Glacier, Montana.	Glacier National Park Fund	1999
inception	The Springfield Cardinals began play in the 2005 season.	Springfield Cardinals	2005
inception	In 2003, Tobin Booth established Blue Oak Energy, with a single customer.	Blue Oak Energy	2003
inception	Founded in 1995, Swan Dive is best known for its album Circle, released in 1998.	Swan Dive	1995
inception	Started in November 2010 by photographer Brandon Stanton, Humans of New York has developed a large following through social media.	Humans of New York	2010
inception	Vegan Reich was an American Hardline hardcore crossover thrash band from Laguna Beach, California that was active from 1988 to 1993, as well as in 1996 and 1999.	Vegan Reich	1988
inception	Latvijas Radio 5 - Pieci.lv was announced at 10PM on 14 July 2013.	Latvijas Radio 5	2013
inception	The English Speaking Board (ESB) was founded in 1953 as a charitable organisation by Christabel Burniston, a pioneer of a new approach to developing speech and listening skills.	English Speaking Board	1953
inception	N'Klabe is a Puerto Rican Salsa group formed in 2003.	N'Klabe	2003
inception	Trifecta Entertainment & Media is an American entertainment company founded in 2006.	Trifecta Entertainment & Media	2006
inception	In 2008, Braasch Biotech LLC was incorporated in the State of South Dakota.	Braasch Biotech	2008
inception	That mission has taken several key forms since SoldierStrong was founded in 2009.	SoldierStrong	2009
inception	HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad was incorporated locally in Malaysia in 1994.	HSBC Bank Malaysia	1994
inception	The Nordic Reich Party (Swedish: Nordiska rikspartiet, NRP) was a Neo-Nazi political party in Sweden, founded in 1956 as the National Socialist Combat League of Sweden (Sveriges nationalsocialistiska kampförbund) by Göran Assar Oredsson.	Nordic Reich Party	1956
inception	In April 2006, the company was acquired by Caparo, and renamed Caparo Vehicle Technologies.	Caparo Vehicle Technologies	2006
inception	Disney Cruise Line was created in 1995 when Walt Disney Company commissioned Disney Magic and Disney Wonder from Fincantieri in Italy, ending the company's arrangement with Premier Cruise Line for the maritime segment of its vacation packages.	Disney Cruise Line	1995
inception	Czech Movie Heaven (in Czech České filmové nebe, ČFN) was founded in 1995 by Radek Vetešník and Petr Herudek to be a comprehensive website of Czech and Slovak language movies, covering the whole history since silent era.	Czech Movie Heaven	1995
inception	Rialto High School is a public high school located in Rialto, California that opened in September 1992.	Rialto High School	1992
inception	AT&T Labs also traces its origin to Southwestern Bell Technology Resources, Inc. (SWB TRI) which was founded in 1988 as the R&D arm of Southwestern Bell Corporation.	AT&T Labs	1988
inception	Pocketbooks is an indiepop band formed in London in 2006.	Pocketbooks	2006
inception	The Choir Practice is a Canadian indie pop band from Vancouver formed in 2005.	The Choir Practice	2005
inception	The members of Tres Chicas first began singing together in 1999; their first performance was an impromptu singalong at an Alejandro Escovedo show in a Raleigh bar.	Tres Chicas	1999
inception	The Community Security Trust (CST) is a British charity established in 1994 to ensure the safety and security of the Jewish community in the UK.	Community Security Trust	1994
inception	WVFS Tallahassee, launched in 1987, is one of four radio stations that broadcast from the Florida State University in the Tallahassee area.	WVFS	1987
inception	The Mercatorum University (Italian: Università Telematica Universitas Mercatorum), often simply abbreviated as ``Unimercatorum'' is a private university founded in 2006 in Rome, Italy.	Università Telematica Universitas Mercatorum	2006
inception	He opened Marchione Guitars in 1993 on 20th St. After the September 11 attacks in 2001, Marchione decided to move back with his family to his hometown of Houston.	Marchione Guitars	1993
inception	Empire Today was founded in 1959 by Seymour Cohen in partnership with Jonathan Samuel Beute.	Empire Today	1959
inception	Manipur University was established on 5 June 1980, under the Manipur University Act 1980 (Manipur Act 8 of 1980), as a teaching cum-affiliating university at Imphal with territorial jurisdiction over the state of Manipur.	Manipur University	1980
inception	Caixanova Business School (Escuela de Negocios Caixanova in Spanish) is a private business school located in Vigo (Spain), established in 1987.	Caixanova Business School	1987
inception	It was established in 2008 by the Adventist Educational Holdings Company to serve the whole of its constituents, and named Taiwan Adventist International School.	Taiwan Adventist International School	2008
inception	Parbėg laivelis 2006 took place between 2006 July-9.	Parbėg laivelis	2006
inception	Belle Air Europe was a privately owned low-cost airline, founded in 2009 as a subsidiary by Belle Air, having its head office in Ancona, Italy.	Belle Air Europe	2009
inception	United Biscuits (UB) was formed in 1948 by a merger of two Scottish family businesses:	United Biscuits	1948
inception	The Dura Lube Corporation was formed in 1986, originally intended as an engine additive for heavy duty trucks.	Dura Lube	1986
inception	B & B Hospital (Baidya and Banskota Hospital or BBH) is a private hospital with the goal to provide health services to the community of Nepal founded in 1997.	B & B Hospital	1997
inception	Blood Has Been Shed was a mathcore group from Connecticut, formed in 1997.	Blood Has Been Shed	1997
inception	Three engineers from Google, Yahoo and Facebook (Christophe Bisciglia, Amr Awadallah and Jeff Hammerbacher, respectively) joined with a former Oracle executive (Mike Olson) to form Cloudera in 2008.	Cloudera	2008
inception	BeijingDance / LDTX is a modern dance company founded by Willy Tsao in Beijing in 2005.	BeijingDance / LDTX	2005
inception	``Spirit in the Sky'' is a song written and originally recorded by Norman Greenbaum and released in late 1969.	Spirit in the Sky	1969
inception	The Social Registry is a record label based in Brooklyn, New York that was started in 2003.	The Social Registry	2003
inception	Beacon Power was founded in Woburn, Massachusetts in 1997 as a subsidiary of SatCon Technology Corporation, a maker of alternative energy management systems.	Beacon Power	1997
inception	The Experimental Security University (UNES, Universidad Nacional Experimental de la Seguridad) is a state university in Venezuela founded in 2009.	Experimental Security University	2009
inception	BullsEye Telecom was founded in 1999 by William H. Oberlin and a group of other telecom industry specialists.	BullsEye Telecom	1999
inception	Les Plus Beaux Villages de Wallonie (French; in English: ``The Most Beautiful Villages of Wallonia'') is a non-profit organisation formed in 1994 to promote, protect and develop a number of villages in Wallonia, Belgium.	Les Plus Beaux Villages de Wallonie	1994
inception	In December 1968, Neptune Orient Lines was started as Singapore's national shipping line.	Neptune Orient Lines	December 1968
inception	Cygnus Solutions, originally Cygnus Support, was founded in 1989 by John Gilmore, Michael Tiemann and David Henkel-Wallace to provide commercial support for free software.	Cygnus Solutions	1989
inception	KLWY signed on in 1988 as the second full-fledged commercial station in eastern Wyoming, and the first since KGWN-TV brought television to the region in 1954.	KLWY	1988
inception	Port Shepstone was founded in 1867 when marble was discovered nearby and is named after Sir Theophilus Shepstone of the Natal government of the 1880s.	Port Shepstone	1867
inception	What is now the Capella Education Company was founded in 1991 by Stephen Shank, former CEO of Tonka Corporation.	Capella Education Company	1991
inception	7 Billion Actions is a worldwide campaign established by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in 2011 to commemorate the world population milestone of 7 billion people.	7 Billion Actions	2011
inception	Reel Women began in 1995 as an informal group of women media-makers who were helping each other.	Reel Women	1995
inception	Diamondère is a custom fine jewelry e-commerce company that was launched in February 2012.	Diamondère	2012
inception	Genki Sushi is a chain of conveyor belt sushi restaurants established in 1990 in Japan.	Genki Sushi	1990
inception	Servicio Mexicano de Vuelos de Fletamento S. A. de C. V., operating as Aeroméxico Travel, was a charter flight subsidiary of Aeroméxico, and started operations on June 2, 2008, with the inaugural flight AM6771 from Mexico City to Cancún.	Aeroméxico Travel	2008
inception	Kuzey Kıbrıs Turkcell began to serve its subscribers as a foreign associate of Turkcell Communication Services Inc. on August 3, 1999.	Kuzey Kıbrıs Turkcell	1999
inception	Marius Meland founded Portfolio Media in October 2003 and in 2004 began publishing a daily online newsletter on intellectual property law which he later named Law360.	Law360	2004
inception	Otago Province was one of the six original provinces established in New Zealand in 1853.	Otago Province	1853
inception	HK Liepāja is a Latvian ice hockey club, founded in 2014.	HK Liepāja	2014
inception	Comparative Civilizations Review is a biannual, open access, peer-reviewed academic journal in the field of comparative study of civilizations that was established in 1979.	Comparative Civilizations Review	1979
inception	Abandoned Love Records is an independent record label, founded in 2004 in San Francisco by Jon Rooney of the independent rock band Morning Spy and solo project Virgin of the Birds.	Abandoned Love Records	2004
inception	Catherine Ferguson Academy (CFA) was a charter-operated high school in Detroit, Michigan for pregnant girls and teen mothers, in operation from 1986 through 2014.	Catherine Ferguson Academy	1986
inception	China United Airlines was established in 1986 as an arm of the civil transport division of the People's Liberation Army.	China United Airlines	1986
inception	Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad is an American jam reggae band, based in Rochester, New York, and founded in 2004.	Giant Panda Guerilla Dub Squad	2004
inception	The office has been in existence since the foundation of the diocese on 4 September 1541 under King Henry VIII. The current Bishop of Peterborough is Donald Allister.	Bishop of Peterborough	4 September 1541
inception	Shaka Ponk (sometimes abbreviated as SHKPNK) is a French experimental rock band created in 2004.	Shaka Ponk	2004
inception	Since its inception in 2006 Camera Japan Festival presents an eclectic overview of contemporary Japanese cinema, ranging from popular anime to experimental arthouse and documentaries.	Camera Japan Festival	2006
inception	Charter Air Transport has been a licensed air taxi operator since 1998 and offers on demand services to sports teams, casino junkets and other organizations.	Charter Air Transport	1998
inception	The University of Stirling is a UK research intensive campus university founded by Royal charter in 1967 in Stirling, Scotland.	University of Stirling	1967
inception	Originally, it was incorporated on May 15, 1947, as the Jewish Restitution Commission, but in 1948 changed its name to the Jewish Restitution Successor Organization at the request of American military authorities.	Jewish Restitution Successor Organization	1948
inception	Nordisk Fjer, formerly named Nordisk Fjerfabrik A/S (Nordic Feather Factory), was a Danish company established in 1901 and existing until 1991.	Nordisk Fjer	1901
inception	Little Dragon are a Swedish electronic music band from Gothenburg, formed in 1996.	Little Dragon	1996
inception	The African Military Cup, also known as the Comparoé Trophy, is a football competition for national military teams in Africa, and was first held in 1994.	African Military Cup	1994
inception	West Caribbean Airways S.A. (WCA) was a commercial airline founded in 1998 with its headquarters on the grounds of Olaya Herrera Airport in Medellín, Colombia.	West Caribbean Airways	1998
inception	The Khmer Anti-Poverty Party is a Cambodian political party founded in September 2007.	Khmer Anti-Poverty Party	2007
inception	Columbia Southern University was founded in 1993 by Robert G. Mayes, Sr. The university developed its first degree programs in Environmental Engineering and Occupational Safety and Health in 1994.	Columbia Southern University	1993
inception	The Alberta First Party is a minor right-wing political party that has operated in Alberta, Canada since 1999.	Alberta First Party	1999
inception	Academic Chess is a non-profit program founded in 1994 that instructs elementary-aged students elementary schoolers age to play chess.	Academic Chess	1994
inception	Gotee Records (established 1994) is a record label founded by dc Talk member Toby McKeehan (professionally known as tobyMac), Todd Collins, and Joey Elwood.	Gotee Records	1994
inception	Robyn decided in early 2005 to leave Jive Records in order to start her own record label thus Konichiwa Records was created, with the aim of liberating Robyn artistically.	Konichiwa Records	2005
inception	KKCO signed on the air on July 19, 1996; prior to then, NBC had been available by way of off-hours clearance on KREX-TV, as well as on cable from Denver stations (KCNC-TV prior to 1995 and KUSA-TV from 1995 to 1996).	KKCO	1996
inception	The project has been recognized with numerous awards including the 2010 Prix Ars Electronica, the 2010 FutureEverything Award and featured on NPR and TED EyeWriter was featured in 2009 at the CREAM International Festival for Arts & Media in Yokohama.	EyeWriter	2009
inception	CelebriDucks was founded in 1998 by Craig Wolfe as a product of his animation design firm Name That Toon.	CelebriDucks	1998
inception	Screen Digest Ltd is a company providing business intelligence, research and analysis on the global media markets based in London, United Kingdom, that has grown out of a monthly journal of that name that was founded in 1971.	Screen Digest	1971
inception	The Apocalypse Tapestry is a large medieval French set of tapestries commissioned by Louis I, the Duke of Anjou, and produced between 1377 and 1382.	Apocalypse Tapestry	1377
inception	Harvey Mudd College (HMC) is a private residential liberal arts college of science, engineering, and mathematics, founded in 1955 and located in Claremont, California, United States.	Harvey Mudd College	1955
inception	The San Diego Sting is a women's professional football team of the Women's Football Alliance that started in 2010.	San Diego Sting	2010
inception	The Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album was an honor presented to recording artists from 2005 to 2011 for quality Hawaiian music albums.	Grammy Award for Best Hawaiian Music Album	2005
inception	Damnocracy was a heavy metal supergroup formed on, and for, the VH1 TV show Supergroup in 2006.	Damnocracy	2006
inception	After selling the The Savoy, the company was renamed on January 24, 2005 as the Maybourne Hotel Group.	Maybourne Hotel Group	2005
inception	JK Eesti Põlevkivi Jõhvi is a now defunct Estonian football club based in Jõhvi and was founded in 1974.	JK Eesti Põlevkivi Jõhvi	1974
inception	Goedeker's is a faith-based, family owned and operated business that was established in 1951.	Goedeker's	1951
inception	Gradient Analytics, Inc., founded in 1996 by Donn Vickrey and Dr. Carr Bettis as Camelback Research Alliance, Inc. and based in Scottsdale, Arizona, is an independent equity research company.	Gradient Analytics	1996
inception	STIM was founded in 1923, a few years before Sveriges Radio began regular broadcasting.	STIM	1923
inception	Founded in 2003 by Michael Shellenberger and Ted Nordhaus, Breakthrough Institute has policy programs in energy and climate, economic growth and innovation, conservation and development.	Breakthrough Institute	2003
inception	Aleutia was founded in London by Michael Rosenberg in October 2006, motivated by the unreliability, inefficiency, and expense of the Hewlett-Packard PCs in the internet cafe he had set up in Takoradi, Ghana in the summer of 2006.	Aleutia	2006
inception	Haunch of Venison was a contemporary art gallery operating from 2002 until 2013.	Haunch of Venison	2002
inception	Ninety Pound Wuss (sometimes styled as 90 Lb. Wuss) was an American punk rock band formed in Port Angeles, Washington in 1994.	Ninety Pound Wuss	1994
inception	The Australian Paralympic Swim Team has competed at every Summer Paralympics, which started with the 1960 Summer Paralympic Games.	Australian Paralympic Swim Team	1960
inception	The history of Avia Solutions Group began in 2005 when Lithuanian Airlines, the national airlines of Lithuania, was privatized.	Avia Solutions Group	2005
inception	Dog Almighty is a Norwegian rock band consisting of Fridtjof Nilsen, Kim Nordbæk and Fredrik Wallumrød, started in January 2006.	Dog Almighty	2006
inception	An Emotional Fish were formed in 1988, and consisted of Gerard Whelan (lead vocals, percussion), Martin Murphy (drums, percussion), David Frew (guitars, vocals), and Enda Wyatt (bass, vocals, keyboards).	An Emotional Fish	1988
inception	The Disable Welfare Trust of India was formed in 1991 by Kanubhai Hasmukhbhai Tailor, a physically disabled person who suffered permanent disability to his legs due to poliomyelitis he contracted at the age of eleven.	Disable Welfare Trust of India	1991
inception	The All-Russian Football Union (VFS) was created on January 19, 1912 and in the same year was admitted to FIFA.	Russian Football Union	1912
inception	Between 1989 and mid-1995, the Resolution Trust Corporation closed or otherwise resolved 747 thrifts with total assets of $394 billion.	Resolution Trust Corporation	1989
inception	Kurtuluş SK was founded under the name ``İraklis Jimnastik Kulübü'' by local Greeks in 1896.	Kurtuluş SK	1896
inception	The Orange River Colony was the British colony created after Britain first occupied (1900) and then annexed (1902) the independent Orange Free State in the Second Boer War.	Orange River Colony	1902
inception	Introduced in 1936, Slovenská strela served as a ČSD flagship between the metropolises of Slovakia and Bohemia.	Slovenská strela	1936
inception	The 1st World Parkinson Congress - WPC 2006, attracted more than 3,150 delegates from nearly 60 countries; the WPC 2010 had more than 3,000;	World Parkinson Congress	2006
inception	The Abbeville Southern Railway was incorporated in Alabama in September 1892 for the purpose of building a branch line from a connection with the Alabama Midland Railway at Grimes, Alabama towards Abbeville, Alabama.	Abbeville Southern Railway	September 1892
inception	Since its inception in 2005, Emaar MGF has invested in real estate development with a pan-India presence and operations spanning all key segments of the Indian real estate industry, including residential, commercial, retail and hospitality sectors.	Emaar MGF	2005
inception	Ozine Fest was first held at Robinsons Galleria in December 16, 2005 where 3,752 tickets were reportedly sold.	Ozine Fest	2005
inception	The Dutch Wikipedia was started on 19 June 2001, and reached 100,000 articles on 14 October 2005.	Dutch Wikipedia	19 June 2001
inception	The WNBA All-Rookie Team is an annual Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) honor given since the 2005 WNBA season to the top rookies during the regular season.	WNBA All-Rookie Team	2005
inception	The Tournoi de Québec, currently sponsored as Coupe Banque Nationale (or also known as National Bank Cup in English-language media), is a WTA Tour International tennis tournament held in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada since 1993.	Tournoi de Québec	1993
inception	Organised by the 1833 Zollverein treaties, the Zollverein formally came into existence on 1 January 1834.	Zollverein	1834
inception	Cephalic Carnage is an American grindcore band formed in 1992 in Denver, Colorado.	Cephalic Carnage	1992
inception	Tianjin Medical University (TMU) (Chinese: 天津医科大学; pinyin: Tiānjīn Yīkē Dàxué) was founded in 1951; was the first medical institution approved by the State Council of the People's Republic of China.	Tianjin Medical University	1951
inception	Dark Funeral is a Swedish black metal band from Stockholm Sweden, founded by guitarists Blackmoon and Lord Ahriman in 1993.	Dark Funeral	1993
inception	After extensive renovation to the structure by the architectural firm JLA, the school reopened in 1988 to house the Lenart Regional Gifted Center exclusively.	Lenart Regional Gifted Center	1988
inception	Thus, Air Luxor was established in December 1988.	Air Luxor	1988
inception	The Bavarian Cup (German: Bayerischer Toto-Pokal), was created in 1998 and functions as a qualifying competition to the German Cup.	Bavarian Cup	1998
inception	In June 2012, it was announced that the new franchise would be known as Zebre and based in Parma.	Zebre	2012
inception	Monika Enterprise is an independent record label based in Berlin, Germany, founded in 1997 by Gudrun Gut.	Monika Enterprise	1997
inception	Kantox was founded in 2011 by Philippe Gelis and Antonio Rami, ex-consultants in Deloitte, who realised the business need for an alternative high-tech solution for their foreign exchange operations.	Kantox	2011
inception	Sylhet Women's Medical College (SWMC) (Bengali: সিলেট মহিলা মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a private medical school in Bangladesh, exclusively for female students, established in 2005.	Sylhet Women's Medical College	2005
inception	Established in 1998, it was originally called the Professional Rugby Players' Association (PRA); in October 2009 it changed its name and expanded its membership.	Rugby Players' Association	1998
inception	Vox Animae is an early music ensemble, founded in 1994 by director and instrumentalist Michael Fields.	Vox Animae	1994
inception	FC Karelia Petrozavodsk (Russian: ФК ``Карелия Петрозаводск'') is an association football team from Petrozavodsk (in 2011 temporarily played in Saint Petersburg at Petrovsky Small Arena), Russia founded in 2011.	FC Karelia Petrozavodsk	2011
inception	Houston Dynamos was a U.S. soccer team which existed in various forms from 1983 to 1991.	Houston Dynamos	1983
inception	Great Plains Conservation was founded in 2006 by a group of conservationists and filmmakers.	Great Plains Conservation	2006
inception	The Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra (QPO), a member of Qatar Foundation for Education, Science and Community Development, was founded in 2007 by Her Highness Sheikha Mozah bint Nasser Al Missned, the then Emir of Qatar's consort.	Qatar Philharmonic Orchestra	2007
inception	Magdalene Catholic High School was established in 1999 by the Diocese of Wollongong in a temporary location at Mater Dei near Camden with 90 students and 7 teaching staff.	Magdalene Catholic High School	1999
inception	The German Society for Electron Microscopy (Deutsche Gesellschaft für Elektronenmikroskopie, abbreviated DGE) is a learned society founded in 1949 in Düsseldorf, Germany.	Deutsche Gesellschaft für Elektronenmikroskopie	1949
inception	The Schreck Ensemble is a Dutch new music ensemble founded in 1989 by composers Arie van Schutterhoef and Hans van Eck.	Schreck Ensemble	1989
inception	Gutworm were a British extreme metal band from Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, England, formed in 1999.	Gutworm	1999
inception	The Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I of England is the name of any of three surviving versions of an allegorical panel painting depicting the Tudor queen surrounded by symbols of imperial majesty against a backdrop representing the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588.	Armada Portrait	1588
inception	Liberty Great Britain or Liberty GB is a political party formed in the United Kingdom in 2013.	Liberty GB	2013
inception	Founded in 1987, the Congressional Institute is a not-for-profit corporation dedicated to helping Members of Congress better serve their constituents and helping their constituents better understand the operations of the national legislature.	Congressional Institute	1987
inception	The Austrian Paralympic Committee (NPC Austria) was founded in 1998 with the objective to enable qualified athletes to compete at the Paralympics.	Austrian Paralympic Committee	1998
inception	The Swiss Dance Awards, are a distinction that was created in 2012 by the Swiss Confederation, as a measure to encourage the dance world.	Swiss Dance Awards	2012
inception	The Swiss City Marathon is a marathon in Lucerne which was held for the first time on 28 October 2007.	Swiss City Marathon	2007
inception	FSA Freedom were an American women's soccer team based in Sanford, Florida from 2005 to 2011.	FSA Freedom	2005
inception	American Motors Corporation (AMC) was an American automobile company formed by the 1954 merger of Nash-Kelvinator Corporation and Hudson Motor Car Company.	American Motors	1954
inception	Humble Hearts School, Kenya's first bilingual deaf school using Kenyan Sign Language and English, was started by Beatrice Anunda on 9 September 2003.	Humble Hearts School	2003
inception	Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi were a Welsh indie rock group formed in 1996.	Mo-Ho-Bish-O-Pi	1996
inception	Ocala Stampede was granted a franchise in the PDL on December 28, 2011, and began play in the 2012 PDL season.	Ocala Stampede	2012
inception	Originally called the Golden State Museum, The California Museum opened in June 1998 as a unique public/private partnership.	The California Museum	1998
inception	Restless Records was started in El Segundo, California in 1986 by Enigma Records and primarily released alternative, metal and punk records.	Restless Records	1986
inception	Ten Thousand Free Men & Their Families (also known as 10k or 10kfreemen) is a musical project of Sydney based Game Boy music composer and performer Thomas Gilmore, who began writing music with the Nintendo Game Boy in 2007.	Ten Thousand Free Men & Their Families	2007
inception	The European Federation for Medical Informatics (EFMI) is a non-profit organization, which was conceived at a meeting, assisted by the Regional Office for Europe of the World Health Organisation (WHO), in Copenhagen, (Denmark, Europe), in September 1976.	European Federation for Medical Informatics	1976
inception	Y Mengistu Aero Zambia replaced the bankrupt Zambia Airways and was admitted as a full member of IATA on 11 April 1996.	Aero Zambia	1996
inception	Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf), the highest sports award in Germany, was endowed on 23 June 1950 by the German President Theodor Heuss.	Silbernes Lorbeerblatt	23 June 1950
inception	Wavebob was a wave energy converter which was in development between 1999 and 2013.	Wavebob	1999
inception	Kato Airline AS, trading as Kato Air, was an airline which operated in Northern Norway between 1995 and 2008.	Kato Airline	1995
inception	Body Count is an American heavy metal band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1990.	Body Count	1990
inception	Neasden Gaels were founded into the junior ranks of London GAA in February 1989 following a meeting between officials at McDonagh's Bar in Kingsbury, North West London.	Neasden Gaels	1989
inception	Pax Christi (Latin for Peace of Christ) was established in France in 1945 through the inspiration of Marthe Dortel-Claudot and Bishop Pierre-Marie Théas.	Pax Christi	1945
inception	Solidum Systems was a fabless semiconductor company founded by Feliks Welfeld and Misha Nossik in Ottawa, Ontario Canada in 1997.	Solidum Systems	1997
inception	Della Mae was formed in 2009 by by fiddle player Kimber Ludiker, and released their first album I Built This Heart in 2011.	Della Mae	2009
inception	Orchester Wiener Akademie was founded in 1985 by the organist and director Martin Haselböck.	Orchester Wiener Akademie	1985
inception	Fight Like Apes (also referred to as FLApes or FLA) are an Irish alternative rock band formed in Dublin in 2006.	Fight Like Apes	2006
inception	PS Speicher opened by mid 2014 after being declared open by Stephan Weil in an opening ceremony.	PS Speicher	2014
inception	The Church of Spiritual Technology, also known as CST, is a California 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation, incorporated in 1982, which owns all the copyrights of the estate of L. Ron Hubbard and licenses their use.	Church of Spiritual Technology	1982
inception	Ouibox was founded in 2006 by Peyton Fouts, a graduate of the English and Communications programs at the University of Kentucky.	Ouibox	2006
inception	Neptoon Studios is a Canadian animation studio founded in 2003 by Todd Kauffman and Mark Thornton.	Neptoon Studios	2003
inception	Eagle Dynamics is a software company founded by the Russian Igor Tishin in 1991.	Eagle Dynamics	1991
inception	The company began as Eastern Canvas Products USA, Inc. in 1952, producing bags and packs for the US military before focusing on the consumer market under the brand name Eastpak as of 1976.	Eastpak	1952
inception	Oryol Governorate (Russian: Орловская губерния, Orlovskaya guberniya) or the Government of Oryol, was an administrative division (a guberniya) of the Russian Empire and the early Russian SFSR, which existed from 1796 to 1928.	Oryol Governorate	1796
inception	Sou Rio Grande (1998) Pala Velho (2000) Na Batida da Vanera (2003) Cara a Cara (2006)	Pala Velho	1998
inception	ThinkEquity was founded in 2001 by Michael T. Moe and Deborah H. Quazzo as a growth focused research-centric investment bank.	ThinkEquity	2001
inception	De Stijl (/də ˈstaɪl/; Dutch pronunciation: (də ˈstɛil)), Dutch for ``The Style'', also known as neoplasticism, was a Dutch artistic movement founded in 1917 in Amsterdam.	De Stijl	1917
inception	The Crookes are a British indie rock band who formed in Sheffield in 2008.	The Crookes	2008
inception	The Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies (IMAS) in Hobart, Tasmania, was established in 2010 as a teaching and research institute of the University of Tasmania.	Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies	2010
inception	On 14 April 1909, Burmah Oil created the Anglo-Persian Oil Company (APOC) as a subsidiary and also sold shares to the public.	Anglo-Persian Oil Company	1909
inception	Twycross Zoo was established in 1963 at the former rectory in the village of Norton Juxta Twycross.	Twycross Zoo	1963
inception	Active since 1996, Kultur Shock combines Balkan folk music with punk, metal and art rock.	Kultur Shock	1996
inception	The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger is an American band formed in 2008 by Sean Lennon and Charlotte Kemp Muhl.	The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger	2008
inception	Limonetik is a marketing payment platform created in 2007.	Limonetik	2007
inception	From 1981 to 1984, JC Comics published three T.H.U.N.D.E.R. Agents titles:	JC Comics	1981
inception	The Broads, and some surrounding land, were constituted as a special area with a level of protection equivalent to a national park by the Norfolk and Suffolk Broads Act 1988.	The Broads	1988
inception	Whispers in the Shadow is a gothic rock band from Austria, formed in 1996.	Whispers in the Shadow	1996
inception	SilverFast was introduced in 1995, Version 3.0 was finished in December 1996, and version 6.6 came out in May 2008.	SilverFast	1995
inception	The Mid-Atlantic Apiculture Research and Extension Consortium (MAAREC), established in 1997, is a regional group focused on addressing the pest management crisis facing the beekeeping industry in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States.	Mid-Atlantic Apiculture Research and Extension Consortium	1997
inception	Controversy over the title of ``Miss Uzbekistan World 2013'' erupted when Ganieva Rahima, a resident of Tashkent, claimed the title.	Miss Uzbekistan	2013
inception	Sean Kelly Gallery, founded in 1991 in New York City by British-born Sean Kelly, represents established and mid-career artists, particularly with work based in installation and performance.	Sean Kelly Gallery	1991
inception	Kill the Drive is a four-piece punk rock band, formed in Haifa, Israel in 2005.	Kill the Drive	2005
inception	Dover Publications, also known as Dover Books, is an American book publisher founded in 1941 by Hayward Cirker and his wife, Blanche.	Dover Publications	1941
inception	The ESV Ingolstadt is a general sports club in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, formed on 15 February 1919.	ESV Ingolstadt	1919
inception	The Game Bakers was formed in 2010 by two ex-members of Ubisoft who worked on AAA licenses, Emeric Thoa and Audrey Leprince.	The Game Bakers	2010
inception	Mishmar HaNegev was founded in 1946 as one of the 11 points in the Negev settlements.	Mishmar HaNegev	1946
inception	Chamillitary Entertainment was founded in 2004 by Chamillionaire after he had left record labels;	Chamillitary Entertainment	2004
inception	Akurat is a Polish band formed in November 1994 in Bielsko-Biała.	Akurat	1994
inception	Old America Stores was an arts and crafts retailer as well as a Framing and custom Floral store founded in 1980 by Wayne Brush, and was based in Howe, Texas with most of its stores located in the south.	Old America	1980
inception	The orchestra Les Muffatti was created in 1996 in and around the Brussels Conservatory by a group of twelve idealistic musicians who wanted to ensure that the Baroque repertoire for string orchestra was sufficiently addressed in their education.	Les Muffatti	1996
inception	The Airline was established on 13 August 2001, and began operations under Air Regional AOC 135 # 027 on 16 October 2002.	Air Regional	2001
inception	Russian Islamic University is founded in 1998 in Kazan, Tatarstan, Russia.	Russian Islamic University	1998
inception	About 1997, KBLA ended that format and beginning selling air time to broadcasters of different ethnic backgrounds.	KBLA	1997
inception	KXKW-LP signed on in 1991 as K21DN from Sunset.	KXKW-LP	1991
inception	Greenair was founded in 1990 to fly Turkish expatriate workers and tourists from destinations in Germany and Paris, London, Milan and Amsterdam to Turkey.	Greenair	1990
inception	ZinePak is an American music and publishing company founded in 2011.	ZinePak	2011
inception	The International N. D. Kondratiev Foundation is an economic research organization founded in 1992 at an international conference devoted to the centenary of the birth of Nikolai Kondratiev.	International N. D. Kondratiev Foundation	1992
inception	Bappa agreed and Sanjeeb named the Band Dalchhut As a result, Dalchhut was formed in November 1996.	Dalchhut	1996
inception	The Hummingbirds were an indie pop and jangle pop band from Sydney, Australia formed in 1986 from Bug Eyed Monsters.	The Hummingbirds	1986
inception	In 1994 the two district were merged to the new district Ohrekreis, including a few municipalities from the districts Stendal and Klötze.	Ohrekreis	1994
inception	NOZA, Inc., formerly a privately held Santa Barbara, California-based company established in 2006 by Craig Harris, was acquired in 2010 by Blackbaud.	NOZA, Inc.	2006
inception	Giovanni Panerai (1825--1897) founded Officine Panerai in Florence, Italy in 1860.	Panerai	1860
inception	The university, founded in 1972, is the academic arm of Rush University Medical Center.	Rush University	1972
inception	In 2001, UPS acquired Mail Boxes Etc., Inc. The two companies introduced The UPS Store brand in 2003, and approximately 3,000 locations were re-branded.	The UPS Store	2003
inception	Turku Cemetery (Finnish: Turun hautausmaa, Swedish: Åbo begravningsplats) is a cemetery inaugurated in 1807 and located in Vasaramäki on the south-eastern outskirts of the city of Turku.	Turku Cemetery	1807
inception	Channel 33 returned to the air in 1997 as KTAS, a Univision affiliate.	KTAS	1997
inception	The President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness, originally the President's Economic Recovery Advisory Board, was a panel of non-governmental experts from business, labor, academia and elsewhere that President of the United States Barack Obama created on February 6, 2009.	President's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness	2009
inception	Nonesuch Press was a private press founded in 1922 in London by Francis Meynell, his second wife Vera Mendel, and their mutual friend David Garnett, co-owner of Birrell & Garnett's bookshop in Soho's Gerrard Street, in the basement of which building the press began.	Nonesuch Press	1922
inception	Wanker Records is a Marburg, Hessen-based independent record label, focused on punk rock, which was started by Nick Wanker (founder of the ``Pot- Porn- Electro- Punk'' Band Frank Fortuna, guitarist for the punk rock bands Fuzzbeer, Fußpils, the Heartbreakers and One Way Down) in 2001.	Wanker Records	2001
inception	On October 16, 2001, President George W. Bush signed Executive Order 13231, the Critical Infrastructure Protection in the Information Age, re-designating the National Security Telecommunications and Information Systems Security Committee (NSTISSC) as the Committee on National Security Systems.	Committee on National Security Systems	2001
inception	Astor Pictures was a motion picture distribution service in operation from 1930 to 1963, founded by Robert M. Savini (29 August 1886 - 29 April 1956).	Astor Pictures	1930
inception	Les Georges Leningrad were a Canadian experimental rock music group formed in 1999 in Montreal.	Les Georges Leningrad	1999
inception	The Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry (CARM) is a fundamentalist Protestant apologetics organization in the United States founded in 1995.	Christian Apologetics and Research Ministry	1995
inception	Twilightning was a power metal band from Imatra, Finland which formed in 1998.	Twilightning	1998
inception	Dimmu Borgir (/ˌdɪmuː ˈbɔːrɡɪr/) is a Norwegian symphonic black metal band from Oslo, Norway, formed in 1993.	Dimmu Borgir	1993
inception	Hypericon 1 was held June 17--19, 2005.	Hypericon	2005
inception	Sympathy for the Record Industry (also known as Sympathy Records or Sympathy 4 the R.I.) is a mainly independent garage rock and punk label formed in 1988 by record industry anti-mogul Long Gone John.	Sympathy for the Record Industry	1988
inception	The Kampuchea Christian Council is a Christian ecumenical organization founded in Cambodia in 1998 as the East Pakistan Christian Council.	Kampuchea Christian Council	1998
inception	IPtronics is founded (2003) and built up by former directors, managers and engineers from Giga A/S, which was acquired by Intel Corporation in 2000 for 1.25B USD.	IPtronics	2003
inception	Topi Drama (Urdu: ٹوپی ڈرامہ‎, English: Cap Drama) is a Pakistani rock band, formed in 2010, based in Lahore, Punjab.	Topi Drama	2010
inception	Carrillo Music is an American independent record label, founded in 2008 by Rod Carrillo.	Carrillo Music	2008
inception	Mondragon University (officially in Basque: Mondragon Unibertsitatea, MU) is a non-profit cooperative private university in the Basque Country, officially established and recognised in 1997.	Mondragon University	1997
inception	The collective, established in 2010, is a collaborative network for companies and individuals from across the digital sectors and features year-round meetups, parties, conferences, trade shows, workshops, hackathons, festivals and other events, organised by Digital Shoreditch Ltd.	Digital Shoreditch	2010
inception	Two Wounded Birds were an English rock and roll band, formed in Margate, Kent, in 2010.	Two Wounded Birds	2010
inception	Luanda International Jazz Festival, also known as Luanda Jazz Fest, is a jazz festival held annually since 2009 in Luanda, Angola.	Luanda International Jazz Festival	2009
inception	Northwestel was established in 1979 by its owner, Canadian National Railways, spinning off the ``northwest'' operations of Canadian National Telecommunications (which is not to be confused with CNCP Telecommunications, a joint venture that CP Telegraphs and CN Telegraphs formed).	Northwestel	1979
inception	SC Cambuur (Dutch pronunciation: (ɛsˈseː ˈkɑmbyːr)), formed on 19 June 1964, is a Dutch football club from Leeuwarden, currently playing in the Dutch Eredivisie.	SC Cambuur	1964
inception	This led to the formation in 2002 of HushPuppies.	HushPuppies	2002
inception	The formation of Organizing for America was announced by then-President-Elect Obama on January 17, 2009.	Organizing for America	2009
inception	Savvy Records was a record label founded in 1993 by singer Pebbles.	Savvy Records	1993
inception	Palmer kept wolves into the mid 1990s and, encouraged by ethologist Erich Klinghammer, founded the UK Wolf Conservation Trust (UKWCT) in 1995.	UK Wolf Conservation Trust	1995
inception	The Violet Lights are an American indie rock duo formed in Los Angeles, California in 2011, consisting of Joel Nass and Amber Garvey.	The Violet Lights	2011
inception	The foundations of 4-H began in 1902 with the work of several people in different parts of the United States.	4-H	1902
inception	Pe'at Sadeh was originally established in 1989 by a group of families on the 'Slav' Israel Defense Forces base in the southern end of Gush Katif and moved to its later site on an adjacent hill in 1993.	Pe'at Sadeh	1989
inception	BC Sakalai began playing in 1991 at the Lithuanian Basketball A League (LKAL).	BC Sakalai	1991
inception	ChildVoice International was started in the fall of 2005 by a few professionals in New Hampshire who felt called to help child soldiers in Uganda in order to address the devastation that the Lord's Resistance Army has brought upon Uganda for the last 20 years.	ChildVoice International	2005
inception	In 2011, City Harbor was formed in Nashville, Tennessee and it consisted of duo Molly Reed and Josh Varnadore.	City Harbor	2011
inception	Helltrain is a Swedish death 'n' roll band formed in Luleå in 2002 by vocalist and bassist Pierre Törnkvist.	Helltrain	2002
inception	The Autorité de sûreté nucléaire (English: Nuclear Safety Authority, ASN) is an independent French administrative authority set up by law 2006-686 of 13 June 2006 concerning nuclear transparency and safety.	Autorité de sûreté nucléaire	2006
inception	The St. Pete/Winston-Salem Parrots were an ice hockey team in the Atlantic Coast Hockey League in the 2002-03 season.	St. Pete/Winston-Salem Parrots	2002
inception	Studio Tamassociati is an Italian team of architects based in Venice since 1996.	Studio Tamassociati	1996
inception	Clear Creek Distillery was founded in 1986 by Stephen McCarthy in order to begin producing distilled spirits from the abundant fruit crop of Oregon.	Clear Creek Distillery	1986
inception	Bamboo Shoots played their first show at Pianos in New York City in 2004, however most of the members were friends prior to being in the band.	Bamboo Shoots	2004
inception	Founded in Ottawa in 1995 by the husband and wife team of Keenan Wellar and Julie Kingstone, LiveWorkPlay was originally known as the Keen Learning Centre for Youth, then operated as the Special Needs Network fron 1996-2001.	LiveWorkPlay	1995
inception	Founded in 1991 as a spin-off from Varian Associates, Intevac went public in 1995.	Intevac	1991
inception	Targetfollow is a property investment and development company in the United Kingdom, established in 1992 and specialising in city centre buildings.	Targetfollow	1992
inception	The National Tenant Voice (NTV) was a short-lived British government-funded organisation which was set up in early 2010 by Gordon Brown's Labour Government to ensure that Social Housing tenants had a say in shaping national policy on housing issues.	National Tenant Voice	2010
inception	Louisville City FC principal owner Wayne Estopinal acquired the USL license previously held by Orlando City when the latter began play in the 2014--2015 Major League Soccer (MLS) as an expansion side.	Louisville City FC	2014
inception	Phase Linear was an audio equipment manufacturer founded by Bob Carver and Steve Johnston in 1970.	Phase Linear	1970
inception	The Dental Council of India was incorporated under The Dentists Act, 1948 to regulate dental education and the profession throughout India.	Dental Council of India	1948
inception	Follow for Now was formed in 1987 by guitarist/vocalist David Ryan Harris, guitarist Chris Tinsley, bassist Justin Senker, and drummer Enrique (real name ``Bernard Coley'').	Follow for Now	1987
inception	SAPIA (South African Petroleum Industry Association) was formed in July 1994 by six of South Africa's leading petroleum refining and marketing companies namely:	South African Petroleum Industry Association	1994
inception	The station, established in 2002, is currently owned by Bicoastal Media and the broadcast license is held by Bicoastal Media Licenses IV, LLC. KMSW broadcasts a classic rock music format.	KMSW	2002
inception	SuperBot Entertainment (formerly known as Broodworks) is an American independent video game company formed in 2009 by Shannon Studstill, who was an Executive Producer at Sony Santa Monica when the company was formed.	SuperBot Entertainment	2009
inception	Pwllheli Sailing Club was founded in 1958 and is a yacht club in Pwllheli, Wales.	Pwllheli Sailing Club	1958
inception	The World Climate Research Programme (WCRP) was established in 1980, under the joint sponsorship of International Council for Science and the World Meteorological Organization, and has also been sponsored by the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of UNESCO since 1993.	World Climate Research Programme	1980
inception	Free River Press is a nonprofit publishing house founded in Nashville, Tennessee, USA in 1990, whose mission is to develop a literary mosaic of America written by people from all walks of life.	Free River Press	1990
inception	Monosurround is a Berlin-based electronic music and live-act duo, formed in 1999.	Monosurround	1999
inception	Viathyn was formed in 2006 by brothers Tomislav Crnkovic and Dave Crnkovic when they started to work together with guitarist Jacob Wright.	Viathyn	2006
inception	China Mobile Research Institute, the research division of China Mobile, was set up in 2002 with about 20 employees.	China Mobile Research Institute	2002
inception	Brady Drum Company was an Australian manufacturing company who specialise in handcrafted drums since 1980.	Brady Drum Company	1980
inception	High on Fire is an American heavy metal band from Oakland, California, that was formed in 1998.	High on Fire	1998
inception	Evoca Drinks was established in May 2003 in the United Kingdom and launched its flagship brand Evoca Cola in January 2004.	Evoca Cola	May 2003
inception	Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band formed in 1986.	Toad the Wet Sprocket	1986
inception	The Dumfries Vikings are a defunct professional ice hockey team based in Dumfries, Scotland, which played in the British Hockey League from 1993 to 1996 (playing their final season as the Dumfries Border Vikings).	Dumfries Vikings	1993
inception	On January 5, 2005, the station changed its call sign to KPOP-LP.	KPOP-LP	2005
inception	Room 2012 is a German pop quartet, which originated in the late fall of 2007 on the sixth installment of the German version of the international television talent show Popstars.	Room 2012	2007
inception	The Blue Ridge National Heritage Area was established 10 Nov 2003 by Public Law 108-108.	Blue Ridge National Heritage Area	2003
inception	The Explorers and Early Colonists of Victoria is a historical photographic montage of 1872 by Thomas Foster Chuck (1826--1898).	The Explorers and Early Colonists of Victoria	1872
inception	Ticos Air is a Costa Rican airline founded in December 2012 which was planned to begin operation in the first quarter of 2014.	Ticos Air	2012
inception	Ebonyi State University, Abakaliki was founded in 1999 in Abakaliki, Nigeria.	Ebonyi State University	1999
inception	Stage Entertainment was established in 1998 by the company's owner and supervisory board president Joop van den Ende after being split off from the Live Entertainment Division of independent television producer Endemol.	Stage Entertainment	1998
inception	Their first self-titled album (nominated for a Grammy) was released in 1992, with ``Sweet Lullaby'' being the smash single which would put Deep Forest on the musical map (UK Top 10 hit).	Deep Forest	1992
inception	After some years without any long distance race, the capital of Norway re-launched the Oslo Marathon in 2004.	Oslo Marathon	2004
inception	FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk (Russian: ФК ``Нефтехимик'' Нижнекамск) is an association football club from Nizhnekamsk, Russia, founded in 1991.	FC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk	1991
inception	TuneIn is a privately held company based in San Francisco, California founded by Bill Moore as RadioTime in Dallas, Texas in 2002.	TuneIn	2002
inception	Gelnhausen was founded by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa in 1170, it is therefore nicknamed ``Barbarossastadt''.	Gelnhausen	1170
inception	The 11th/28th Battalion, Royal Western Australia Regiment was formed in 1987 by the amalgamation of the 11th and 28th Battalions.	11th/28th Battalion, Royal Western Australia Regiment	1987
inception	Black Stone Cherry is an American hard rock band, formed in 2001 in Edmonton, Kentucky.	Black Stone Cherry	2001
inception	In business since 1991, Smog Veil Records focuses primarily on underground, challenging, unknown, and/or bombastic rock’n’roll.	Smog Veil Records	1991
inception	Bekka & Billy was an American country music duo consisting of singer-songwriters Bekka Bramlett and Billy Burnette, who first worked together as members of Fleetwood Mac. Their eponymous debut album was released by Almo Sounds in April 1997.	Bekka & Billy	1997
inception	The Kingdom of Iceland (Icelandic: Konungsríkið Ísland; Danish: Kongeriget Island) was a constitutional monarchy that existed through the Act of Union with Denmark signed on 1 December 1918.	Kingdom of Iceland	1 December 1918
inception	Central Security Group was co-founded in 1999 by Mark Wilson and Harry Schenk, who teamed with Stolberg, Meehan & Scano.	Central Security Group	1999
inception	In 1993, Mitchell began Cameron Mitchell Restaurants by opening its first concept, Cameron's American Bistro.	Cameron Mitchell Restaurants	1993
inception	Crackdust was founded at the beginning of 2006 by Roth (vocals, electric guitar), S'Bond (bass) and Dlax (drums).	Crackdust	2006
inception	Vychegodsky was founded in 1942 due to enhancing of North-Pechora trunk-railway construction.	Vychegodsky	1942
inception	The Housing Market Renewal Initiative (HMRI) or Housing Market Renewal (HMR) Pathfinders programme was a controversial scheme of demolition, refurbishment and new-building which ran in the UK between 2002 and 2011 and aimed ``to renew failing housing markets in nine designated areas of the North and Midlands of England.''	Housing Market Renewal Initiative	2002
inception	The Foundation for Health Coverage Education (FHCE) is a San Jose, California-based 501(c)3 non-profit organization that was founded in 2004 by Phil Lebherz.	Foundation for Health Coverage Education	2004
inception	The Reproductions Museum Bilbao was founded in 1927, after an intense campaign done by various institutions at a time when in the rest of Europe, the reproduction of artistic works was in decline.	Reproductions Museum Bilbao	1927
inception	The European Cup 10,000m is an annual 10,000 metres race for European athletes which was first held in 1997.	European Cup 10,000m	1997
inception	Boohwal (Korean: ``부활'', literally ``Born again''), is a South Korean rock music band, formed in 1985 by the lead guitarist/songwriter Kim Tae Won .	Boohwal	1985
inception	In 2013 Sollentuna United FF merged with Sollentuna Fotboll IF to create Sollentuna FK.	Sollentuna FK	2013
inception	The Haq Movement for Liberty and Democracy (Arabic: حركة حق حركة الحريات و الديمقراطية‎) is an opposition political organization in Bahrain founded in November 2005 with Hasan Mushaima as its secretary general.	Haq Movement	2005
inception	Recently, in the academic year 2011-2012, a new engineering college was started in Davangere called Jain Institute of Technology.	Jain Institute of Technology	2011
inception	The Lettre Ulysses Award for the Art of Reportage has been given annually since 2003 for the best texts in the genre of literary reportage, which must have been first published during the previous two years.	Lettre Ulysses Award	2003
inception	Video Professor was founded in 1987 by John W. Scherer and is located in Lakewood, Colorado.	Video Professor	1987
inception	Tectoy was founded in 1987 by a group of former Sharp engineers led by Daniel Dazcal, with the purpose of making electronic toys, a niche that other Brazilian toy manufacturers had failed to notice.	Tectoy	1987
inception	Zwan was started in late 2001 by Billy Corgan, lead singer and guitarist of the Smashing Pumpkins, after the Pumpkins disbanded in December 2000.	Zwan	2001
inception	The SBS Open at Turtle Bay was a golf tournament for professional female golfers, played on the LPGA Tour that took place between 2005 and 2009 on the Palmer Course at Turtle Bay Resort in Oahu, Hawaii, USA.	SBS Open at Turtle Bay	2005
inception	The River Raisin National Battlefield Park was established as the 393rd unit of the United States National Park Service under Title VII of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act, which was signed into law on March 30, 2009.	River Raisin National Battlefield Park	2009
inception	ConFurence was the first exclusively furry convention, held annually in southern California from 1989 to 2003.	ConFurence	1989
inception	NATO-Ukraine Civic League was established in September 26, 2003 as independent community organization.	NATO-Ukraine Civic League	2003
inception	Since 1993, Iohahi:io Akwesasne Adult Education Centre has offered college and university programs through agreements with public colleges and universities such as St. Lawrence College.	Iohahi:io Akwesasne Adult Education Centre	1993
inception	The Dublin Choral Foundation was established in 1996 to promote the development of choirs of excellence in Dublin and to provide a musical education for children hitherto only available in the cathedral choral tradition, Dublin Choral Foundation is now recognised as one of Ireland's leading choral establishments.	Dublin Choral Foundation	1996
inception	On March 15, 1994, the station changed its call sign to WNHI then on February 4, 2005 to the current WNHW.	WNHW	1994
inception	KMXZ-FM has been broadcasting since 1988.	KMXZ-FM	1988
inception	On 1 June 1941, merged the two communities Crumbach and Ochsenhausen to the new community of Lohfelden.	Lohfelden	1941
inception	In 1976 the Schleipfers founded the Armanen-Orden (Armanen Order) as the reorganised Guido von List Society.	Armanen-Orden	1976
inception	Zapaday won an award as most promising start-up company across Europe at Tech Media Europe 2011 and was a 2012 Accenture Innovation Awards finalist.	Zapaday	2011
inception	In 1991, Sweden's first commercial ISP was started with the Swedish IP Network (SWIPnet, AS1257) by Industriförvaltnings AB Kinnevik, later known as Tele2, and in 1993 with telephone liberalisation in Sweden, Tele2 started to offer international calls.	Tele2	1993
inception	CronLab, founded in Gothenburg, Sweden, introduced its first Anti-Spam Hardware Appliances in 2009.	CronLab	2009
inception	The Adirondack Thunder are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL that began play in the 2015--16 season.	Adirondack Thunder	2015
inception	Pronto Airways LP is an airline formed in 2006 and based in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Pronto Airways	2006
inception	Air Scotland was established in November 2002 by Iraqi-born businessman Dhia Al-Ani and started operations on 29 March 2003, using 2 Boeing 757-200 aircraft operated by Electra Airlines, to Spanish holiday resorts.	Air Scotland	November 2002
inception	The Herritarren Zerrenda (HZ, English: List of Fellow Citizens; Spanish: Lista de Conciudadanos) is a Basque nationalist political party in Spain and France, created in 2004 to run in the European Parliament election.	Herritarren Zerrenda	2004
inception	Representatives of business, government, libraries, the school district, the media, literacy providers and other community groups established the Literacy Coalition of Palm Beach County in 1989.	Literacy Coalition of Palm Beach County	1989
inception	The university was established through the Assam Don Bosco University Act, 2009 on 9 January 2009 and created under Assam Private Universities Act 2007 in the State of Assam, India.	Assam Don Bosco University	2009
inception	Divinity Destroyed was a progressive metal band, formed in 1999 and based in central New Jersey.	Divinity Destroyed	1999
inception	PSI Records is an independent record label based in Nottingham, United Kingdom and Los Angeles, United States formed in 2002 by Pitchshifter frontman JS Clayden and his brother Mark Clayden.	PSI Records	2002
inception	Agbaland (initiated 2012 in Bergen, Norway) is a Norwegian trio comprising the veterans Terje Isungset and Per Jørgensen expanding their duo project 'Agbalagba Daada' with the organist Sigbjørn Apeland, known from his works with Berit Opheim 1982.	Agbaland	2012
inception	The Florentine Prigioni (The Young Slave, the Bearded Slave, the Atlas Slave, and the Awakening Slave) were probably sculpted in the latter half of the 1520s, when Michelangelo was employed at San Lorenzo in Florence (but historians have suggested dates between 1519 and 1534).	Young Slave	1519
inception	Solé Bicycles was founded in 2010, by University of Southern California students, Jonathan Ross Shriftman and Jacob Medwell.	Solé Bicycles	2010
inception	Exit 674 (MapleMusic Recordings, 2005) Ashes of Soma (Set-Up Promotions, 2010) The Singularity (2013)	Ashes of Soma	2005
inception	Grupo Lala is a Mexican dairy company, founded in 1950 in Torreón, Coahuila.	Grupo Lala	1950
inception	Confide was an American metalcore band from Anaheim, California, formed in 2004.	Confide	2004
inception	Zalman has done considerable product development since its January 1999 founding, and now holds several patents focusing on both cooling and fan noise-reduction.	Zalman	1999
inception	In July 2008, Choi opened the first 16 Handles store in the East Village in Manhattan, near the New York University dorms.	16 Handles	2008
inception	In 2001 he started his own artist management company, Step2 Artist Management, which became Wonderlick Entertainment in 2007 after collaborating with business partner Stuart MacQueen.	Wonderlick Entertainment	2007
inception	KTAV-LD originally went on the air on September 23, 1992 as translator K31DN on channel 31.	KTAV-LD	1992
inception	Brandlive was created in 2010 by Ben McKinley and Fritz Brumder (current CEO) as a product of Cascade Web Development as a way to incorporate live video into online shopping.	Brandlive	2010
inception	PMtoday was formed by brothers Connor and Ryan Brogan in 2003, with Connor on vocals and guitar and Ryan as drummer and vocalist.	PMtoday	2003
inception	The first stable version of Elementary OS was Jupiter, published on 31 March 2011 and based on Ubuntu 10.10.	Elementary OS	31 March 2011
inception	Upper Clyde Shipbuilders (UCS) was a Scottish shipbuilding consortium created in 1968 as a result of the amalgamation of five major shipbuilders of the River Clyde.	Upper Clyde Shipbuilders	1968
inception	The Honor Society of Phi Kappa Phi (or simply Phi Kappa Phi or ΦΚΦ) is an honor society established in 1897 to recognize and encourage superior scholarship without restriction as to area of study and to promote the ``unity and democracy of education''.	Phi Kappa Phi	1897
inception	The Dopamines is an American punk-rock band from Cincinnati, Ohio, formed in late 2006 by Matt Hemingway (drums), Jon Lewis (guitar, vocals) and Jon Weiner (bass, vocals).	The Dopamines	2006
inception	Hopes Die Last is an Italian post-hardcore band from Rome, formed in 2004.	Hopes Die Last	2004
inception	Summer Darkness is an alternative music festival in the Netherlands which was held annually from 2003 to 2013, around the second weekend in August in the city of Utrecht.	Summer Darkness	2003
inception	Industrial and General Insurance Company Plc was founded as a limited liability company on 31 October 1991.	Industrial and General Insurance Company	1991
inception	Bullet Train for Australia is an Australian political party, registered in 2013.	Bullet Train for Australia	2013
inception	BunkFest was started in 2002 by a small group of local folk music enthusiasts.	BunkFest	2002
inception	The Nordische Gesellschaft (``Nordic Society'') was an association founded in 1921, with the objective of strengthening German-Nordic cultural and political cooperation.	Nordische Gesellschaft	1921
inception	Founded in January 2006, Lehigh Valley Rollergirls was the first skater-operated flat track roller derby league in the Lehigh Valley.	Lehigh Valley Rollergirls	2006
inception	The first Radio City Freedom Awards was held on the 30th of May 2013.	Radio City Freedom Awards	2013
inception	Sogou search engine (Sogou.com) was launched on 3 August 2004.	Sogou	2004
inception	In the Country (initiated in 2003 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian Jazz trio comprising pianist Morten Qvenild, bassist Roger Arntzen and drummer Pål Hausken.	In the Country	2003
inception	Forward Swindon Ltd. was established in 2010, by Swindon Borough Council to regenerate Swindon and deliver economic growth.	Forward Swindon	2010
inception	The Baojun marque was established in 2010 as an alternative to existing GM brands Chevrolet and Buick, which are also on sale in China.	Baojun	2010
inception	Kora Entertainment is a Burundian record label founded in 2012 by lawyer Nzeyimana Ismail (Kent-P).	Kora Entertainment	2012
inception	The National Gas Museum Trust is a United Kingdom charitable trust, established in 1997 to take over the responsibility for the UK's two former gas museums.	National Gas Museum Trust	1997
inception	Durban was previously served by the Durban trolleybus system from 1935 to 1968; before that, it was served by the Durban tramway network from 1880 to 1949.	Durban	1880
inception	Fox Sports Indiana was launched on November 1, 2006 as a spin-off channel of Fox Sports Midwest, after the regional sports network obtained the exclusive regional cable television rights to broadcast games from the Indiana Pacers NBA franchise.	Fox Sports Indiana	2006
inception	From February 2004 through the 2005 Super Bowl GameZnFlix maintained a television advertisement campaign, some of which featured the actor Ben Curtis (best known as ``The Dell Dude'' in advertisements for Dell, Inc.).	GameZnFlix	2004
inception	Jessore Medical College (Bengali: যশোর মেডিকেল কলেজ) is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2010.	Jessore Medical College	2010
inception	The Deutsche Guggenheim was an art museum in Berlin, Germany, open from 1997 to 2013.	Deutsche Guggenheim	1997
inception	The folk-rock band McDermott's Two Hours was formed in Brighton in 1986 from the remnants of two other bands, The Bliffs and The Crack, and featured a vigorous line-up of vocals, fiddles, whistles, bouzouki, acoustic and electric guitars, drums and bass.	McDermott's Two Hours	1986
inception	The Dregs began as an a cappella group formed by improv comedian and bodhrán drummer Tim Wick at the Minnesota Renaissance Festival in 2001 under the moniker ``Pub Kin''.	The Dregs	2001
inception	In 2008, Nguyen and others finally founded the Incognito Drum and Bugle Corps of Norwalk, California, which was approved by DCI on May 8th to compete as an Open Class corps.	Incognito Drum and Bugle Corps	2008
inception	Electra Havemeyer Webb was a pioneering collector of American folk art and founded Shelburne Museum in 1947.	Shelburne Museum	1947
inception	FC Zhemchuzhina-Sochi (Russian: ФК Жемчужина-Сочи) is a Russian association football club based in Sochi, Krasnodar Krai founded in 1991 and dissolved in 2013.	FC Zhemchuzhina-Sochi	1991
inception	University of Agricultural Sciences (UAS), Raichur is a new Public university exclusively dedicated to the study and research of agricultural sciences established by the Government of Karnataka at Raichur district through the University of Agricultural Sciences Act, 2009.	University of Agricultural Sciences	2009
inception	Installed on May 2, 2005, The Herron Arch 1 as well as fourteen additional sculptures included in the invitational, was part of the public grand opening of the Herron School of Art and Design's new home on IUPUI's campus.	The Herron Arch 1	2005
inception	Integrated Telecom Company (ITC) is a telecom provider established in 2005 offering broadband, interconnection and Satellite services for businesses, consumers and wholesale segments of the Saudi market.	Integrated Telecom Company	2005
inception	Bubbles & Cheesecake grew out of the songwriting partnership of Willis and Palmer, who were originally introduced in 2001 by music publisher Marla McNally.	Bubbles & Cheesecake	2001
inception	On 3 February 1863, Congress approved the name United States of Colombia for the country, and on 8 May, the Rionegro Constitution was promulgated.	United States of Colombia	1863
inception	Their 1999 debut album, Creamy, made when the pair were just thirteen years of age, was composed of euro-pop versions of children's songs.	Creamy	1999
inception	Founded in 1857 by Matthias Hohner (1833--1902), Hohner is identified especially with harmonicas and accordions.	Hohner	1857
inception	Oasis Hong Kong Airlines was founded by Rev. Raymond C. Lee, and his wife, Priscilla H. Lee in February 2005.	Oasis Hong Kong Airlines	2005
inception	It was originally formed in 2008 after Kendall and Dustin met each other by chance and realized they lived on the same street, Heffron Drive, Burbank, California.	Heffron Drive	2008
inception	Portland publisher Win McCormack conceived the idea for Tin House magazine in the summer of 1998.	Tin House	1998
inception	Opened in 1996, the Gallery of Modern Art is housed in a neoclassical building in Royal Exchange Square in the heart of Glasgow city centre.	Gallery of Modern Art	1996
inception	Hair Wars was started in Detroit in 1991 by David Humphries (a.k.a. Hump the Grinder).	Hair Wars	1991
inception	The Socrates Network for Translator Training (SNTT) is a group of EU universities created in 1990 which provides training for professional translators and interpreters.	Socrates Network for Translator Training	1990
inception	The Getaway Plan is an alternative rock band from Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, that was formed in 2004.	The Getaway Plan	2004
inception	From 2003 to 2005, Superengine had only a demo recording and live shows to showcase their talent.	Superengine	2003
inception	The Belarusian Independence Bloc one of Belarus'' three major opposition coalitions, was formed in 2009 as an alternative to UDF coalition in Belarus.	Belarusian Independence Bloc	2009
inception	Heaven's Basement is a British hard rock band formed in 2008 and signed with Red Bull Records.	Heaven's Basement	2008
inception	Interlink Publishing is an independent publishing house, founded in 1987 and based in Northampton, Massachusetts, USA.	Interlink Publishing	1987
inception	Located in Waterloo, Iowa, the Waterloo Diamonds were a baseball team that formed in 1989 and lasted until 1993.	Waterloo Diamonds	1989
inception	Gold Corporation is a company owned by the Western Australian Government, established by the Gold Corporation Act 1987, with a mandate to operate the Perth Mint, to market Australian gold and other related activities.	Gold Corporation	1987
inception	HaYehudim or I.U.D.M(Hebrew: היהודים‎, lit. The Jews) is an Israeli hard rock band, formed in 1992 by (now married) couple Tom Petrover and Orit Shachaf, who share guitar playing and vocal duties.	HaYehudim	1992
inception	Tenaga Nasional Berhad (TNB) was formed in 1990 by the Electricity Supply Successor Company Act 1990, to succeed the National Electricity Board (NEB) of the States of Malaya.	Tenaga Nasional	1990
inception	It was founded in 1747 as the khutor of Dmitriyev (Дмитриев), which was reorganized into a sloboda in 1794 and renamed Nikolayevskaya sloboda (Николаевская слобода).	Nikolayevsk	1747
inception	Established in 2002 following a Government review the Research Councils UK (RCUK) is a Non-Departmental Government Body whose purpose is to manage a strategic partnership between seven individual research councils that coordinate and fund research in the arts, humanities, science and engineering.	Research Councils UK	2002
inception	The British Open Show Jumping Championships were launched in 2003 and have been held indoors during April of every year since.	British Open Show Jumping Championships	2003
inception	Techland is a Polish video game developer, founded in 1991 by Paweł Marchewka.	Techland	1991
inception	Litvinenko Justice Foundation is a non-profit organization established to demand justice for Alexander Litvinenko who was allegedly poisoned in Great Britain on November 1, 2006.	Litvinenko Justice Foundation	2006
inception	When the Union of South Africa was formed in 1910, the original Cape Colony was renamed the Cape Province.	Cape Province	1910
inception	Interoute was formed in mid-2002, amidst the collapse of the telecommunications sector.	Interoute	2002
inception	In December 2006, Rolling Stone listed Miniature Tigers as ``one of the 25 best bands on Myspace.''	Miniature Tigers	2006
inception	Withered, formed in 2003, have released three full-length albums, Memento Mori (2005 - Lifeforce), Folie Circulaire (2008 - Prosthetic) and Dualitas (2010 - Prosthetic).	Withered	2003
inception	Sharanalaya Montessori School was established in 2001 by Mrs.Manju Venkat.	Sharanalaya Montessori School	2001
inception	CSL New World Mobility Group was established in 2006 with the merger of two mobile network operators, Hong Kong CSL Limited and New World PCS Limited.	CSL New World Mobility Group	2006
inception	Los Angeles Heroes were an American soccer club who played in the United Soccer Leagues from 1993-02.	Los Angeles Heroes	1993
inception	Live Nation, a spinoff of Clear Channel Communications, renovated and reopened Irving Plaza under the name ``Fillmore New York At Irving Plaza'' on April 11, 2007, reviving the name of the former Fillmore East in Manhattan's East Village, which had been open from 1968 to 1971.	Irving Plaza	2007
inception	Busch Systems was originally founded as Busch Coskery of Canada Inc., by Craig Busch and his partner Stephen Coskery in 1985.	Busch Systems	1985
inception	Established in Montreal in 1960, the National Theatre School of Canada (NTS) offers professional training in English and French in a setting that unites all the theatre arts: acting, playwriting, directing, set and costume design, and production.	National Theatre School of Canada	1960
inception	The British Engineering Excellence Awards (BEEAs) were established in 2009 as a means to demonstrate the high calibre of engineering design and innovation within the UK.	British Engineering Excellence Awards	2009
inception	Spanish Sahara (Spanish: Sáhara Español; Arabic: الصحراء الإسبانية‎ Al-Sahrā'a Al-Isbānīyah) was the name used for the modern territory of Western Sahara when it was occupied and ruled as a territory by Spain between 1884 and 1975.	Spanish Sahara	1884
inception	The Dagger in the Library (Golden Handcuffs in 1994-1996) is an annual award given by the British Crime Writers' Association to a particular author.	Dagger in the Library	1994
inception	Trafigura Beheer BV is a Dutch multinational commodity trading company founded in 1993 trading in base metals and energy, including oil.	Trafigura	1993
inception	Roots of Health was founded in 2009 by Susan Evangelista and her daughter Amina Evangelista Swanepoel.	Roots of Health	2009
inception	FlexJobs was launched in 2007 by Sara Sutton Fell, is completely virtual with staff that telecommute throughout different locations in the United States, and was rated as one of the Best Small-Company Cultures in 2015 by Entrepreneur.	FlexJobs	2007
inception	Aljazeera Publishing was formed in 1992 in London to produce content for expatriate Persian Gulf (i.e. those from the region known as Aljazeera) residents living in the United Kingdom.	Aljazeera Publishing	1992
inception	Eastern Savings and Loans traces its origins to the foundation of the Ipswich Credit Union in 2001, which became Ipswich and Suffolk Credit Union in 2005.	Eastern Savings and Loans	2001
inception	The Popular Science Monthly, as the publication was originally called, was founded in May 1872 by Edward L. Youmans to disseminate scientific knowledge to the educated layman.	Popular Science	May 1872
inception	Slow Roast Records was founded in 2009 by the 3x DMC World Champion DJ Craze and Jake Stanczak otherwise known as Kill The Noise.	Slow Roast Records	2009
inception	Manly Art Gallery and Museum is the oldest metropolitan purpose-built regional gallery in NSW having been established on its present site in West Esplanade in 1930.	Manly Art Gallery and Museum	1930
inception	Tussle is an American four-piece band from San Francisco, United States, formed in 2001 by Nathan Burazer, Jonathan Holland, Alexis Georgopoulos, Andy Cabic.	Tussle	2001
inception	Shirat HaYam (Hebrew: שִׁירַת הַיָּם, lit. Song of the Sea) was an Israeli settlement established in 2001 on the shores of the Mediterranean Sea west of Neve Dekalim in the Gush Katif settlement bloc in the Gaza Strip until 2005.	Shirat HaYam	2001
inception	Action Against Hunger was established in 1979 by a group of French doctors, scientists, and writers.	Action Against Hunger	1979
inception	Designers Remix is a Danish fashion house founded in 2002 by Charlotte Eskildsen.	Designers Remix	2002
inception	The Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad (reporting mark CIWN) was established in 1915 as a reorganization of the Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railway, which in turn was created in 1902 as a merger of the Indiana, Decatur and Western Railway (ID&W) and Cincinnati, Hamilton and Indianapolis Railroad (CH&I).	Cincinnati, Indianapolis and Western Railroad	1915
inception	Vector Unit is a video game developer founded in December 2007 by Ralf Knoesel and Matt Small.	Vector Unit	2007
inception	Inspirative is a post-rock band from Bangkok, Thailand formed in 2006.	Inspirative	2006
inception	Quick Heal Technologies Ltd., founded in 1993, is an IT security solutions provider and an ISO 9001 certified company.	Quick Heal	1993
inception	The band formed under the name ``Visionquest'' in 1999, but reformed under the name Blood Stain Child in 2000.	Blood Stain Child	1999
inception	Kish Stock Exchange is a oil bourse stock exchange launched in late 2010.	Kish Stock Exchange	2010
inception	The NRL Auckland Nines (known as the Downer NRL Auckland Nines due to sponsorship) is a rugby league nines competition first held by the National Rugby League at Auckland's Eden Park between 15 -- 16 February 2014.	NRL Auckland Nines	2014
inception	The Big Society Award is a British award set up by prime minister David Cameron in November 2010 as part of the Big Society initiative.	Big Society Award	2010
inception	After months of demolition and work done by conservationist groups, Rio de Los Angeles State Park was opened on April 21, 2007.	Rio de Los Angeles State Park	2007
inception	In 1976 Robinson Lambie-Nairn was established by Colin Robinson and Martin Lambie-Nairn, in January 1993 it was renamed Lambie-Nairn & Company.	Lambie-Nairn	1976
inception	Red City Radio is an American punk-rock band from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, formed in 2007.	Red City Radio	2007
inception	Ingmar Piano Duo is a pianistic duo (two pianos) founded by Serbian pianists and piano professors Slobodanka Stevic and Aleksandar Gligic in 2005.	Ingmar Piano Duo	2005
inception	Finally on 5 March 2002, Takeover Radio was officially launched on 103.2 FM across the City of Leicester and live on the web at www.takeoverradio.com In 2004, The Government agreed to allow the new radio regulator Ofcom to issue full-time radio licences.	Takeover Radio	2002
inception	Framing Hanley was an American rock band formed in Nashville, Tennessee in 2005.	Framing Hanley	2005
inception	September Morn was first exhibited at the Paris Salon of 1912, and although the identity of its first owner is unclear, it is certain that Leon Mantashev acquired the painting by the end of 1913.	September Morn	1912
inception	The Johannesburg Muslim School had its humble beginnings in January 1990.	Johannesburg Muslim School	1990
inception	FIM Cross-Country Rallies World Championship is the premier championship of Rally raid racing, organized by the Fédération Internationale de Motocyclisme (FIM), since 1999 (from 1999 and 2002 as World Cup).	FIM Cross-Country Rallies World Championship	1999
inception	The Duke of Teck was, in medieval times, a title borne by the head of a branch line of the German ducal House of Zähringen from 1187 to 1439, known historically as the first House of Teck.	Duke of Teck	1187
inception	The St Kitts and Nevis Patriots aka SKN Patriots are a Caribbean Premier League (CPL) franchise based in Saint Kitts and Nevis, and participated in the competition for the first time in 2015.	St Kitts and Nevis Patriots	2015
inception	Gondwana Ganatantra Party was formed in 1991 to plead for the rights of the Gondi people, and to establish a separate Indian state of Gondwana in central India.	Gondwana Ganatantra Party	1991
inception	Launched in 1998 (as TV3 Television Network), the TV3 Group was formed in January 2009.	TV3 Group	1998
inception	K2R Riddim is a French Reggae band from Cergy-Pontoise, France; who began their journey in Reggae/Dub/Ska music in 1992.	K2R Riddim	1992
inception	Wiltshire Wyverns was established by Nick Westaway in March 2010 and played three friendly fixtures during the 2010 season.	Wiltshire Wyverns	2010
inception	The Brett Favre Fourward Foundation was established in 1996 to raise money for charities in Brett Favre's home state of Mississippi and his Green Bay, Wisconsin home where he played American football for the Green Bay Packers.	Brett Favre Fourward Foundation	1996
inception	In 2003, John Kirtland co-founded Kirtland Records with his wife, The Polyphonic Spree choir member Jenny Kirtland.	Kirtland Records	2003
inception	In November 1993 the Myanmar Writers Association was reconstituted as the Myanmar Writers and Journalists Association.	Myanmar Writers and Journalists Association	1993
inception	Multiply Records was a subsidiary of Telstar Records, that launched in 1993 and went into liquidation in 2004.	Multiply Records	1993
inception	In 1985, 4 friends at Marmara University formed Grup Yorum.	Grup Yorum	1985
inception	Centre for Convergence Media Studies, established in 2005 in the University of Kerala at its Senate House Campus, Palayam, Thiruvananthapuram, offers one-year Post Graduate Diploma in Convergence Media (PGDCM) Objectives	Centre for Convergence Media Studies	2005
inception	Cattle Decapitation is an American deathgrind band from San Diego, California, formed in 1996.	Cattle Decapitation	1996
inception	Revelation TV is a UK Christian television channel started by Howard and Lesley Conder in 2003; the channel broadcasts on Freesat channel 692, Freeview HD channel 244, Sky channel 581, and the Roku box and is also available worldwide on the internet.	Revelation TV	2003
inception	The Scottish League One, known for sponsorship reasons as the Ladbrokes League One, is the third tier of the Scottish Professional Football League, established in July 2013.	Scottish League One	2013
inception	It was established in 1987 as a branch of Tarbiat Moallem University of Tehran but later became independent and then was renamed to Hakim Sabzevari University, after Hadi Sabzevari, a prominent Iranian philosopher and theologian.	Hakim Sabzevari University	1987
inception	Conscience Records was a record company in New York that existed between 1995 and 1998.	Conscience Records	1995
inception	Founded in April 1995, Zee Cinema was the first Hindi movie channel in India.	Zee Cinema	1995
inception	Ayb School (Armenian: Այբ դպրոց) is a private educational complex in Yerevan, Armenia, opened in 2011 by the Ayb Educational Foundation.	Ayb School	2011
inception	Spirit of Communication is the formal name for a statue originally called Genius of Telegraphy when it was completed, and has been the symbol of AT&T (and also the former Western Electric) since 1914.	Spirit of Communication	1914
inception	Greensboro Roller Derby is an all-women flat-track roller derby league established in 2010 and based in Greensboro, North Carolina, USA.	Greensboro Roller Derby	2010
inception	Kryst the Conqueror (Pronounced ``Christ the Conqueror'') was an American Christian metal project, enormously unpopular, formed in August of 1987 by two former members of the horror punk band, The Misfits.	Kryst the Conqueror	1987
inception	Walmer Castle is an artillery fort originally constructed by Henry VIII in Walmer, Kent, between 1539 and 1540.	Walmer Castle	1539
inception	Aggro Berlin was a German hip-hop independent record label based in Berlin, Germany that existed from 1 January 2001 until 1 April 2009.	Aggro Berlin	2001
inception	The founder of Dare Foods, Charles H. Doerr, started off in 1892 by making and selling cookies and candies in a small grocery shop in Kitchener, Ontario, Canada.	Dare Foods	1892
inception	The Pacific Whale Foundation (PWF) is a non-governmental organization founded in 1980 and based in Maui, Hawaii that conducts whale research and educates the public in an effort to save vulnerable species of whales from extinction.	Pacific Whale Foundation	1980
inception	The first Madshus ski were produced by Martin Madshus in 1906 in a barn in Vardal near Gjøvik.	Madshus	1906
inception	Excuse 17 was a punk rock band from Olympia, Washington that performed and recorded from 1993 to 1995.	Excuse 17	1993
inception	Balcarras School was opened to pupils on 2 September 1986 replacing Charlton Kings County Secondary School, which was closed as part of a secondary education re-organisation scheme in Cheltenham.	Balcarras School	1986
inception	Formed in 1969, Gaziantepspor are nicknamed the Şahinler (The Falcons).	Gaziantepspor	1969
inception	The Fitchburg Railroad was incorporated March 3, 1842, to run from Boston to Fitchburg, and bought land next to the Charlestown Branch in May 1843.	Fitchburg Railroad	1842
inception	Rosa Antifa Wien für freie Liebe und Anarchie (en: Pink Anti-Fascist Group Vienna for free love and anarchy) is a left wing action group in existence since 1995.	Rosa Antifa	1995
inception	Canal 300 (Catalan pronunciation: (kəˈnaɫ ˌtɾɛˈsens)) was a public television channel operated by Televisió de Catalunya, launched on November 28, 2005 only in DTT as part of TVC's five channel DVB-T multiplex.	Canal 300	2005
inception	Çilekeş (meaning sufferer, in Turkish) is a Turkish rock band active since 2002.	Çilekeş	2002
inception	The organization was founded in 1984 by Dr. Robert Simon, together with a group of American volunteer physicians and nurses, founded International Medical Corps.	International Medical Corps	1984
inception	The New Jersey Wildcats are an American women's soccer team, founded by Vincent Baldino in 1996.	New Jersey Wildcats	1996
inception	Dark Tranquillity was formed in 1989 by vocalist and guitarist Mikael Stanne and guitarist Niklas Sundin, who looked at their influences and then decided to form their own band under the name Septic Broiler.	Dark Tranquillity	1989
inception	The Best Female College Athlete ESPY Award has been presented annually since 2002 to the female sportsperson, irrespective of university represented or sport contested, adjudged to be the best in a given calendar year of those contesting collegiate sport in the United States through the National Collegiate Athletic Association.	Best Female College Athlete ESPY Award	2002
inception	The Seoul Music Awards (Hangul: 서울가요대상; RR: Seoul Gayo Daesang) (also known as High1 Seoul Music Awards due to sponsorship rights) is an awards show founded in 1990 that is presented annually by Sports Seoul for outstanding achievements in the music industry in South Korea.	Seoul Music Awards	1990
inception	Case Conrad is an Indie rock band of four Swedes and one Portuguese, formed in 2009 and spread out between Malmö, Sweden, and Barcelona, Spain.	Case Conrad	2009
inception	The AlloSphere is housed at UCSB California NanoSystems Institute building, ``CNSI,'' or Elings Hall, a 62,000-square-foot (5,800 m2) facility that opened in 2007.	AlloSphere	2007
inception	Baloncesto León was founded by José Antonio Moirón García, Enrique Emperador Marcos, Juan Carlos Rodríguez Villanueva, Lisardo Mourelo González and Alberto Sobrín Martínez in León on 20 May 1981.	Baloncesto León	1981
inception	After leaving Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling in the summer of 1991, Kazuyoshi Osako and Kiyoshi ``Mickey'' Ibaragi founded Wrestling International New Generations (W*ING), with Osako as President and Ibaragi as Vice President.	W*ING	1991
inception	Conservation Halton was formed in 1956 as the Sixteen Mile Conservation Authority followed by the formation of the Twelve Mile Conservation Authority in 1957.	Conservation Halton	1956
inception	The band's self-titled debut album The Backyard Committee was released as a free download on the band's site, thebackyardcommittee.com on December 8, 2010.	The Backyard Committee	2010
inception	Innergex Renewable Energy was founded in 1990 by Gilles Lefrançois under the name Innergex GP in response to the Québec government's call for private sector bids to develop small hydro generation facilities.	Innergex Renewable Energy	1990
inception	The All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company (Russian: Всероссийская государственная телевизионная и радиовещательная компания, Vserossiyskaya gosudarstvennaya televizionnaya i radioveshchatelnaya kompaniya), in short VGTRK (Russian: ВГТРК) is a Russian state-owned unitary enterprise which operates a large number of television and radio channels founded in 1990.	All-Russia State Television and Radio Broadcasting Company	1990
inception	The Austrian Ludwig Wittgenstein Society was first established in 1974 to promote philosophical conferences, workshops, summer schools, and research that are inspired by the work of Ludwig Wittgenstein and the Vienna Circle.	Austrian Ludwig Wittgenstein Society	1974
inception	Boxa is an Australian boxing, mixed martial arts and clothing brand that was founded in Sydney, Australia in 2001.	Boxa	2001
inception	Indus International School, Pune, was established in August 2008 at Mulshi, Pune by the Indus Trust.	Indus International School, Pune	2008
inception	Family Wrestling Entertainment (FWE) was founded by Jordan Schneider in 2011, with the concept of all family wrestling.	Family Wrestling Entertainment	2011
inception	The club was founded as Penedo Futebol Clube and at the time it was based in Penedo, then founded again in 2010 as Igreja Nova Futebol Clube after moving to Igreja Nova city.	Igreja Nova Futebol Clube	2010
inception	The Jewish Museum in Prague was founded in 1906 by historian Dr. Hugo Lieben (1881--1942) and Dr. Augustin Stein (1854--1937), who later became the head of the Prague Jewish Community.	Jewish Museum in Prague	1906
inception	Stars on 54 were a supergroup put together to record the song ``If You Could Read My Mind'' for the soundtrack of the 1998 film, 54, which starred Mike Myers as Steve Rubell, owner of the Studio 54 nightclub.	Stars on 54	1998
inception	Divide Pictures is an American film and television entertainment production company established in 2003, which is owned and operated by actor Milo Ventimiglia and his best friend Russ Cundiff, who formerly used to work for the William Morris Agency.	Divide Pictures	2003
inception	The Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society was founded in 1960 by Morris Janowitz, professor of sociology at the University of Chicago.	Inter-University Seminar on Armed Forces and Society	1960
inception	La Belle Montessori School, Inc. is an institution in Silang that was founded in September 1993.	La Belle Montessori School	1993
inception	The Kingdom of Asturias (Latin: Regnum Asturorum) was a kingdom in the Iberian Peninsula founded in 718 by Visigothic nobleman Pelagius of Asturias (Spanish: Pelayo).	Kingdom of Asturias	718
inception	Founded in 2005, the Courage Campaign is a state-based 501(c)(4) progressive grassroots advocacy organization based in California.	Courage Campaign	2005
inception	The Finnish Literature Society (Finnish: Suomalaisen Kirjallisuuden Seura ry or SKS) was founded in 1831 to promote literature written in Finnish.	Finnish Literature Society	1831
inception	The Center for Sustainable Energy Farming, established in late 2010 by Global Clean Energy Holdings, is a non-profit research center dedicated to establishing and promoting the development of resilient and sustainable communities, fueled by socially responsible clean energy produced from Jatropha.	Center for Sustainable Energy Farming	2010
inception	Levain Bakery is a retail bakery that opened in 1995 and is located at 167 West 74th Street, on the Upper West Side neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Levain Bakery	1995
inception	HawkQuest, founded in 1986 by Kin Quitugua, is an environmental education organization based in Parker, Colorado, which uses participatory lectures including live raptors to help people ``understand and appreciate the interaction of wild living things in their natural environment.''	HawkQuest	1986
inception	Lazy Dragon Con was a three-day relaxacon held in McKinney, Texas, a northern suburb of Dallas in both 2007 and 2008.	Lazy Dragon Con	2007
inception	The Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands (TTPI) was a United Nations trust territory in Micronesia (western Pacific) administered by the United States from 1947 to 1986.	Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands	1947
inception	The MTV Australia Awards (previously known as the MTV Australia Video Music Awards or AVMA's) started in 2005 and is Australia's first awards show to celebrate both local and international acts.	MTV Australia Awards	2005
inception	TV Pixie is a British website about television programmes founded in 2009.	TV Pixie	2009
inception	Talgo Patents S.A. was first incorporated in 1942.	Talgo	1942
inception	Founded in June 2003, ZylTec was formed with the aim of creating legal management software.	ZylTec	2003
inception	Monarch Health Sciences launched MonaVie juice in January 2005, and the same year founded MonaVie LLC/MonaVie Inc., a privately held MLM company based in South Jordan, Utah.	MonaVie	2005
inception	Examine.com was founded in 2011 by University of Toronto alumni Sol Orwell and Kurtis Frank, a dietetics graduate from the University of Guelph, to serve as an evidence-based compendium on supplementation and nutrition.	Examine.com	2011
inception	FC Taganrog (Russian: ФК Таганрог) is an association football club from Taganrog, Russia, founded in 2006, it played in the third-tier Russian Professional Football League since it was founded.	FC Taganrog	2006
inception	The Metropolitan Autonomous University (Spanish: Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana) also known as UAM, is a Mexican public university, founded in 1974, with the support of then-President Luis Echeverria Alvarez.	Universidad Autónoma Metropolitana	1974
inception	The MaliVai Washington Kids Foundation is a United States foundation created in 1994 by former professional tennis player MaliVai Washington to model achievement and life skills to children through playing tennis.	MaliVai Washington Kids Foundation	1994
inception	Parastin was first established in 1968 by the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Iraq.	Parastin	1968
inception	The Spanish East Indies (Indias orientales españolas) were the Spanish territories in Asia-Pacific from 1565 until 1899.	Spanish East Indies	1565
inception	Le Orme (Italian: ``The Footprints'') is an Italian progressive rock band formed in 1966 in Marghera, a frazione of Venice.	Le Orme	1966
inception	Codeplay was founded in 2002 by Andrew Richards, an experienced games developer, and formerly head of Software Development at Eutechnyx.	Codeplay	2002
inception	In 1989, Monster Magnet released two demo cassettes:	Monster Magnet	1989
inception	The City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism, founded in 1991, is the only Humanistic Jewish congregation in Manhattan, and the first Humanistic congregation in New York City to be led by a Humanistic rabbi.	City Congregation for Humanistic Judaism	1991
inception	The Middle Class Union was founded in March 1919 to safeguard property after the Reform Act 1918 had increased the number of working-class people eligible to vote.	Middle Class Union	1919
inception	Proyecto Sur (English: Project South) is a political party established in 2007 in Argentina.	Proyecto Sur	2007
inception	Future Music Festival Asia was inaugurated in 2012, and has been headlined by notable acts such as The Temper Trap, Chemical Brothers, Flo Rida, The Prodigy, Psy and Fun.	Future Music Festival Asia	2012
inception	Founded in Baltimore, Maryland, and active since 1992, Dru Hill recorded seven Top 40 hits, and is best known for the R&B #1 hits ``In My Bed'', ``Never Make a Promise'', and ``How Deep Is Your Love''.	Dru Hill	1992
inception	The Houston Power is a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2010 season.	Houston Power	2010
inception	The club was founded in 2006 as Tallinn Sharks RFC and changed their name to Tallinna Kalev RFC in 2013.	Tallinna Kalev RFC	2006
inception	SmileTV was a British television channel which launched on digital terrestrial television (Freeview) channel 37 on 29 April 2006.	SmileTV	2006
inception	Mounts Bay RFC were a Cornish rugby club formed in December 1999 based in Penzance, UK and folded in July 2009.	Mounts Bay RFC	1999
inception	Communist Daughter was founded in 2009 by singer and songwriter Johnny Solomon in Prescott, Wisconsin.	Communist Daughter	2009
inception	Witchmaster is a metal band founded in 1996 in Zielona Góra, Poland.	Witchmaster	1996
inception	Tonite Only is an electronic music group formed late 2005 in Sydney, Australia which disbanded late 2006, only to reform a few years later.	Tonite Only	2005
inception	The Hispanic Voter Project was established by Adam J. Segal, a Hopkins graduate and Faculty Lecturer, in 2002.	Hispanic Voter Project	2002
inception	Coca-Cola Bottling Shqipëria (CCBS), operates in Albania since 1994 when it was produced the first Coca-Cola bottle in Albania.	Coca-Cola Bottling Shqipëria	1994
inception	The Dust Brothers started working together in 1985 at the Pomona College radio station, KSPC, hosting a weekly hip-hop show, started by Simpson in 1983, called 'The Big Beat Showcase'.	Dust Brothers	1985
inception	Prime Healthcare Services was established in 2001 by Chairman of the Board Prem Reddy, MD., F.A.C.C., F.C.C.P. It operates 27 acute care hospitals serving communities in San Bernardino, San Diego, Los Angeles, Orange County and Shasta County in California, Pennsylvania, Nevada, Kansas, Rhode Island, and Texas.	Prime Healthcare Services	2001
inception	Perforce Software was founded in 1995 by president and CEO Christopher Seiwald.	Perforce Software	1995
inception	TeachersCount is a U.S. 501(c)(3) non-profit organization founded in 2001 by Diana Burroughs, who became the organization's Executive Director, and Dini von Mueffling, who became a Board member.	TeachersCount	2001
inception	The Bohemian Caverns, founded in 1926, is a restaurant and jazz nightclub located on the NE Corner of the intersection of 11th Street and U Street NW in Washington, D.C. having an address of 2001 Eleventh Street N.W. 20001.	Bohemian Caverns	1926
inception	Tracfort was a short lived French automobile manufacturing venture that lasted from 1933 till late in 1934.	Tracfort	1933
inception	MEG Energy was founded in 1999 as McCaffery Energy Group Inc by CEO and President Bill McCaffrey, Director and Corporate Secretary David Wizinsky and former Director Steve Turner.	MEG Energy	1999
inception	Statistics Netherlands, founded in 1899, is a Dutch governmental institution that gathers statistical information about the Netherlands.	Statistics Netherlands	1899
inception	The Dutch Real Tennis Association (Nederlandse Real Tennis Bond) was founded in 1986 to return the sport of real tennis to the Netherlands.	Nederlandse Real Tennis Bond	1986
inception	Les Boukakes is a French rock group formed in 1999.	Les Boukakes	1999
inception	The Blackeyed Susans are an Australian rock band, formed in Perth in 1989, based in Melbourne since 1992.	The Blackeyed Susans	1989
inception	Vitamin Records is a Los Angeles based record label founded in 1999 as a subsidiary of CMH Records.	Vitamin Records	1999
inception	The University of Kirkuk (Arabic: جامعة كركوك‎) is an Iraqi university established in 2003 in Kirkuk, Iraq.	University of Kirkuk	2003
inception	Champ d'Asile (``Field of Asylum'') was a short-lived settlement founded in Texas in January 1818 by 20 French Bonapartist veterans of the Napoleonic Wars from the Vine and Olive Colony.	Champ d'Asile	January 1818
inception	Fusion Energy Foundation (FEF) was an American non-profit think tank co-founded by Lyndon LaRouche in 1974 in New York.	Fusion Energy Foundation	1974
inception	Diamond Bank Plc began as a private limited liability company on March 21, 1991 (the company was incorporated on December 20, 1990).	Diamond Bank	1990
inception	Following entry into Chapter 11 bankruptcy in October 1994, its assets and subsidiaries, were sold to Florida West International Airways in August 1995.	Florida West International Airways	1995
inception	The Norwegian Environment Agency was created on 1 July 2013 through a merger of the Norwegian Directorate for Nature Management and the Norwegian Climate and Pollution Agency.	Norwegian Environment Agency	2013
inception	The station is currently owned by Moenkopi Communications, Inc. The station first became known as KTCE beginning in 1989.	KTCE	1989
inception	The Graduate Business Forum was founded in 1983 by Jim Deveau, a then MBA student and President of the student government at Columbia Business School.	Graduate Business Forum	1983
inception	The American Society for Dental Aesthetics (ASDA) was founded in 1977 by current President, Dr. Irwin Smigel.	American Society for Dental Aesthetics	1977
inception	Vanderbilt University (also known informally as Vandy) is a private research university located in Nashville, Tennessee, founded in 1873.	Vanderbilt University	1873
inception	One Race Films (ORF), also known as One Race Productions, is a video production company established in 1995 in Los Angeles by actor, writer, director, and producer Vin Diesel.	One Race Films	1995
inception	Kibbutz Shefayim was established in 1931 by immigrants from Poland.	Shefayim	1931
inception	Zagreb Film Festival is an annual film festival held since 2003 in Zagreb, Croatia.	Zagreb Film Festival	2003
inception	Founded in 2004, The Navicor Group began by marketing immunology and oncology medications.	The Navicor Group	2004
inception	On February 13, 2006, Garnett & Helfrich Capital established BLADE Network Technologies, Inc., as a privately held company from a spin-out of Nortel's Blade Server Switch Unit, focused on networking for the blade server market.	BLADE Network Technologies	2006
inception	Snapper Music is an independent record label founded in 1996 by former head of Castle Communications Jon Beecher, Dougie Dudgeon and funded by Mark Levinson from Palan Music Publishing.	Snapper Music	1996
inception	The European Documentation and Information Centre, abbreviated CEDI (French: Centre Européen de Documentation et d'Information), was a former think tank founded in 1952 on the occasion of an international congress held in Santander, Spain.	European Documentation and Information Centre	1952
inception	Springloops launched in late 2006 as an SVN version control and deploy and was gradually growing into a full-scale project management application.	Springloops	2006
inception	The PEN/Heim Translation Fund Grants were established in 2003 by PEN American Center following a gift of $730,000 by Michael Henry Heim, a noted literary translator.	PEN/Heim Translation Fund Grants	2003
inception	Lake Ontario Waterkeeper is a Toronto-based environmental justice advocacy group founded in 2001, with Lake Ontario, the Great Lakes Basin, and allied waterways at heart.	Lake Ontario Waterkeeper	2001
inception	Steelheart is a rock band based in Norwalk, Connecticut, formed in 1990.	Steelheart	1990
inception	Walter Sisulu University (WSU) is a university of technology and science located in Mthatha, Eastern Cape, South Africa, which came into existence on 1 July 2005 as a result of a merger between Border Technikon, Eastern Cape Technikon and the University of Transkei.	Walter Sisulu University	2005
inception	The Gospel Music Network was a commercial Christian cable television station which launched in 1986 by Bill and Linda Airy.	Gospel Music Network	1986
inception	Smilers is an Estonian rock band formed in 1991 by Hendrik Sal-Saller.	Smilers	1991
inception	Fatum Aeternum (lt.: ``Fate Eternal'') is an Israeli rock and metal band, founded in 2006.	Fatum Aeternum	2006
inception	Fényi Gyula Jesuit High School is a private, co-educational Catholic school located in Miskolc, Hungary, founded in 1994.	Fényi Gyula Jesuit High School	1994
inception	Ill.Skillz is a drum and bass group formed in Vienna, Austria in 2001.	Ill.Skillz	2001
inception	Alken-Maes is a Belgian brewery created out of the 1988 merger of two small breweries, Maes located at Kontich-Waarloos and Cristal-Alken located at Alken.	Alken-Maes	1988
inception	Ruote Borrani S.p.A. (established 1922 in Milano) is an Italian manufacturer of wheels, famous for supplying Rudge-Whitworth design single-nut lockable wire wheels to many Italian racing cars and luxury cars up until the 1960s.	Borrani	1922
inception	Jaffar Public School was inaugurated in 1989 by Mrs. Yasmeen Jaffar.	Jaffar Public School	1989
inception	Music aficionados of st. pete circa 2003-2008, were sure to hear ``This Transmission''.	This Transmission	2003
inception	The European Commission of the Nobility under the name CILANE (``Commission d'information et de liaison des associations nobles d'Europe'') was established in 1959, April, foremost for the exchange of experiences and information about developments in its member Associations.	CILANE	1959
inception	The Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Grenoble (CHUG, translated Grenoble University Hospital Centre) is a French teaching hospital built in 1974.	Centre Hospitalier Universitaire de Grenoble	1974
inception	The Company was founded in 1986 as SVB Holdings plc and changed its name to Novae Group plc in 2006.	Novae Group	2006
inception	The government took control of the Bogda Khan's seal after his death according to the 26 November 1924 Constitution of the Mongolian People's Republic.	Mongolian People's Republic	26 November 1924
inception	Assiniboine Park Zoo is a zoo that was established in 1904 at the West end of Assiniboine Park in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Assiniboine Park Zoo	1904
inception	On 1 November 2011, Comedy Central Extra launched a localised version in the Netherlands through cable operator Ziggo.	Comedy Central Extra	2011
inception	Thai Parliament Television (Thai: สถานีวิทยุโทรทัศน์รัฐสภา) is Thai television channel that broadcasts the session of National Assembly of Thailand such as House of Representatives and Senate (Currently refers to National Legislative Assembly and National Reform Council) and information of parliamentary to people TPTV was launch on 12 August 2006 in satellite platform.	Thai Parliament Television	12 August 2006
inception	The International Gay Rodeo Association (IGRA), founded in 1985, is the sanctioning body for gay rodeos held throughout the United States and Canada.	International Gay Rodeo Association	1985
inception	Paranoid Social Club is an American Rock band formed in 2002 in Portland, Maine, which plays a fusion of Indie and Psychedelic rock.	Paranoid Social Club	2002
inception	Mother City F.C. were a South African association football club founded in 1999 in the wake of the merger between Seven Stars and Cape Town Spurs.	Mother City F.C.	1999
inception	Founder and CEO Lucas von Cranach started Onefootball as a text-based service in 2008, and shortly thereafter Onefootball became one of the first sports apps available on Apple's App Store.	Onefootball	2008
inception	WJWM-LP Is a new station to the U.S. Virgin Islands, being founded on March 3, 2005, along with W35CE, the local TBN affiliate.	WJWM-LP	2005
inception	The house remained in the family until the mid 19th century and then was used by turns as a hospital and as a private residence until rescued in 1986 to become the Captain Cook Memorial Museum.	Captain Cook Memorial Museum	1986
inception	Cevital Food Processing Industry Created in 1998, Cevital Food Processing Industry (Cevital Agro-Industrie) is the leader of the food processing sector in Algeria.	Cevital	1998
inception	Israel Discount Bank, formerly known as Eretz Yisrael Discount Bank or Palestine Discount Bank, was founded on 5 April 1935 by Leon Recanati, a new immigrant from Greece who had been the head of the Jewish community of Thessaloniki.	Israel Discount Bank	1935
inception	Kannur University was established in 1996 to provide development of higher education in Kasaragod, Kannur, and Wayanad districts of Kerala, India.	Kannur University	1996
inception	Nordafrost is a German black/death metal band founded in 1996.	Nordafrost	1996
inception	Frontier North was originally founded as Contel North, Inc., incorporated in Wisconsin in 1992.	Frontier North	1992
inception	Agrifirm in its current form was founded in 2010 due to a successive merger of regional cooperatives.	Agrifirm	2010
inception	On Broken Wings is an American metalcore band from Hull, Massachusetts that formed in 2001.	On Broken Wings	2001
inception	In 1990 Chad and Pharrell formed a 4-piece ``R&B type'' group along with friends Shay and Mike Etheridge, which they named The Neptunes.	The Neptunes	1990
inception	Shellshag are an American two piece punk rock band, formed in 1997, that have released records on Don Giovanni Records, Mauled by Tigers, We Are Busy Bodies, Thrillhouse Records, Plan it X South and their own imprint Starcleaner Records.	Shellshag	1997
inception	Humanitarian Accountability Partnership International (HAP International), established in 2003, was the humanitarian sector's first international self-regulatory body.	Humanitarian Accountability Partnership International	2003
inception	Tame Impala (pronunciation: /teɪm ɪmˈpɑːlə/) is an Australian rock band founded by Kevin Parker in 2007.	Tame Impala	2007
inception	Scott would follow Ken out to L.A., and they formed The Crystal Method in 1993.	The Crystal Method	1993
inception	The Football Association of Maldives (FAM) was founded in 1982 as the governing body of football in the Republic of Maldives.	Football Association of Maldives	1982
inception	Political Evolution (Spanish: Evolución Política, Evópoli) is a Chilean center-right political party in formation, founded in 2012, which groups independents that are not part of the Independent Democratic Union, National Renewal and the Independent Regionalist Party, the other members of Chile Vamos.	Political Evolution	2012
inception	The Rembrandts are an American pop rock duo, formed by Danny Wilde and Phil Solem in 1989.	The Rembrandts	1989
inception	The 1st Air Army (Russian: 1-я воздушная армия) was an Air Army in the Soviet Air Force which served during World War II. It was formed on May 10, 1942 within the Soviet Western Front, and renamed the 26th Air Army on January 10, 1949 in the Belorussian Military District.	1st Air Army	1942
inception	Sweet Sinner is a Canadian pornographic film studio, founded by pornographic actress and director Nica Noelle in 2009.	Sweet Sinner	2009
inception	The Nkwanta North District was one of the 28 new districts inaugurated officially on 29 February 2008 by the then president of Ghana John Agyekum Kufuor.	Nkwanta North District	2008
inception	WWJX officially began broadcasting in July 2009.	WWJX	2009
inception	The House of the County or Casa do Condado is since 2007 the museum of Vila Pouca de Aguiar in Portugal.	House of the County	2007
inception	Before the 2008 season started, it was decided that the club should merge with the newly formed North Derbyshire Chargers, who were based in the town of Eckington to prevent dilution of resource in the area.	North Derbyshire Chargers	2008
inception	The Oregon Short Line Railroad was incorporated in February 1897 and purchased the property of the OSL&UN later that month.	Oregon Short Line Railroad	1897
inception	The Polisario Front was formally constituted on 10 May 1973 with the express intention of militarily forcing an end to Spanish colonization.	Polisario Front	10 May 1973
inception	The Belarusian Peasants' and Workers' Union Hramada (Polish: Białoruska Włościańsko-Robotnicza Hromada, Belarusian: Беларуская Сялянска-Работніцкая Грамада, Lacinka: Biełaruskaja Sialanska-Rabotnickaja Hramada) was an agrarian political party created in 1925 by a group of Belarusian deputies to the Polish Sejm.	Belarusian Peasants' and Workers' Union	1925
instrument	Camile Baudoin (born June 27, 1948) is a guitar player from New Orleans, Louisiana and a founding member of The Radiators.	Camile Baudoin	guitar
instrument	Todd Weinstock (Born November 5, 1978) is an American guitar player.	Todd Weinstock	guitar
languages spoken or written	Luis Gabriel Portillo Pérez (18 March 1907 -- 1993) was a Spanish professor, left-wing politician and writer who lived in exile in the United Kingdom.	Luis Gabriel Portillo	Spanish
languages spoken or written	Zbigniew Raszewski (5 April 1925, Poznań - 7 August 1992, Warsaw) was a Polish writer and theatre historian.	Zbigniew Raszewski	Polish
licensed to broadcast to	WXAL (1400 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Demopolis, Alabama.	WXAL	Demopolis
licensed to broadcast to	Licensed to Claxton, Georgia, USA, the station is currently owned by Neal Ardman, through licensee Radio Statesboro, Inc. WMCD features programing from Westwood One.	WMCD	Claxton, Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broadneck High School is a school in the United States, located in Anne Arundel County, Maryland on Green Holly Drive, on the border between Arnold and Cape St. Claire, suburbs of Annapolis.	Broadneck High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Półsieraków (puu̯ɕeˈrakuf) (Ukrainian: Підсераків, Pidserakiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Harasiuki, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Półsieraków	Gmina Harasiuki
manufacturer	SS Tubantia was an ocean liner for Royal Holland Lloyd (Dutch: Koninklijke Hollandsche Lloyd) built in 1913 by Alexander Stephen and Sons of Glasgow.	SS Tubantia	Alexander Stephen and Sons
manufacturer	The Mini E was a demonstration electric car developed by BMW as a conversion of its Mini Cooper car.	Mini E	BMW
member of sports team	Massama Asselmo (born 1 June 1990) is a Chadian football player and a member of the Chad national football team.	Massama Asselmo	Chad national football team
member of sports team	Jaakko Juuti (born 13 August 1987) is a Finnish professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Finnish premier division club Ilves.	Jaakko Juuti	Ilves
mother	Black Helen was the result of a mating between Bradley's best stallion, Black Toney, and the ``blue hen'' mare La Troienne.	Black Helen	La Troienne
mother	In Greek mythology, Electra (/ɨˈlɛktrə/; Greek: Ἠλέκτρα, Ēlektra) was the daughter of King Agamemnon and Queen Clytemnestra, and thus princess of Argos.	Electra	Clytemnestra
mouth of the watercourse	The River Medina is the main river of the Isle of Wight, rising at St Catherine's Down near Blackgang and Chale, and flowing through the capital Newport, towards the Solent at Cowes.	River Medina	Solent
mouth of the watercourse	The Dep River (Russian: Деп) is a tributary of the Zeya River (itself a tributary of the Amur River) in eastern Russia.	Dep River	Zeya River
mouth of the watercourse	The Parramatta River is the main tributary of Sydney Harbour, a branch of Port Jackson.	Parramatta River	Sydney Harbour
mouth of the watercourse	Warburton River (or Warburton Creek) is a freshwater stream in the far north of South Australia that flows in a south westerly direction and discharges into the eastern side of Lake Eyre.	Warburton River	Lake Eyre
mouth of the watercourse	The Otselic River(aht-SEEL-ik), formerly known as Otselic Creek is a 55.4-mile-long (89.2 km) tributary of the Tioughnioga River in central New York in the United States.	Otselic River	Tioughnioga River
mouth of the watercourse	The Nercha River is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai in Russia, left tributary of the Shilka River (Amur's basin).	Nercha River	Shilka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Karatal River (Russian: Каратал; Mongolian: Хартал, ``Black Steppe''), also known as the Qaratal River, is a river in Kazakhstan that originates in the Dzungarian Alatau Mountains near the border of with China and flows into Lake Balkhash.	Karatal River	Lake Balkhash
mouth of the watercourse	The Delegate River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment, located in the Alpine regions of the states of Victoria and New South Wales, Australia.	Delegate River	Snowy River
mouth of the watercourse	The At-Bashi River (Kyrgyz: Атбашы дарыясы) is a left tributary of the Naryn River in Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan.	At-Bashi River	Naryn River
mouth of the watercourse	The Arauca River (Spanish: Río Arauca) rises in the Andes Mountains of north-central Colombia and ends at the Orinoco in Venezuela.	Arauca River	Orinoco
mouth of the watercourse	The Strelna River originates on the Keivy and flows into the White Sea.	Strelna River	White Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Ing River (Thai: แม่น้ำอิง, rtgs: Maenam Ing, Thai pronunciation: (mɛ̂ːnáːm ʔiŋ)) is a tributary of the Mekong River in the northern part of Thailand.	Ing River	Mekong River
mouth of the watercourse	The Chiwawa River is a tributary of the Wenatchee River, in the U.S. state of Washington.	Chiwawa River	Wenatchee River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tes River is primary source of the Uvs Lake.	Tes River	Uvs Lake
mouth of the watercourse	The river flows generally south then south by east, through the Bemm River Scenic Reserve and the Cape Conran Coastal Park, joined by the Goolengook and McKenzie rivers and six minor tributaries, before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait via Sydenham Inlet in the Shire of East Gippsland, near the settlement of Bemm River.	Bemm River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	Its source is near Coursegoules, and it flows into the Mediterranean Sea in Cagnes-sur-Mer.	Cagne	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Stanislaus River (Spanish: Río Estanislao) in the U.S. state of California is one of the largest tributaries of the San Joaquin River.	Stanislaus River	San Joaquin River
mouth of the watercourse	The Sarapiquí River, or Rio Sarapiquí, in Costa Rica is a tributary of the San Juan River and forms the eastern border of Sarapiquí Canton.	Sarapiquí River	San Juan River
mouth of the watercourse	Girtys Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Girtys Run	Allegheny River
mouth of the watercourse	The Saint Charles River (French: Rivière Saint-Charles) is a branch of the Saint Lawrence River that starts in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield, Quebec.	Saint Charles River	Saint Lawrence River
mouth of the watercourse	The Meadow River is a tributary of the Gauley River, making its headwaters in Greenbrier County and terminating in Nicholas County of West Virginia.	Meadow River	Gauley River
mouth of the watercourse	The Kulmke is a tributary of the Sieber near Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in the north Germany state of Lower Saxony.	Kulmke	Sieber
mouth of the watercourse	The Schunter is a river in Lower Saxony, Germany, with a length of 58 km, right tributary of the Oker.	Schunter	Oker
mouth of the watercourse	Siva River (Russian: Сива) is a river in Udmurt Republic and Perm Krai in Russia, a wikt:right bank:right tributary of the Kama River.	Siva River	Kama River
mouth of the watercourse	Letka River (Russian: Летка) is a river in the Komi Republic and Kirov Oblast in Russia, an arm of the Vyatka River.	Letka River	Vyatka River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tebicuary River (Spanish: Río Tebicuary), a tributary of Paraguay River is a river in Paraguay.	Tebicuary River	Paraguay River
mouth of the watercourse	The Ramokgwebana River (or Ramoqueban) is a river that defines part of the boundary between Botswana and Zimbabwe before entering the Shashe River from the left.	Ramokgwebana River	Shashe River
mouth of the watercourse	Estero de San Antonio is a stream in the northern California counties of Marin and Sonoma which empties into Bodega Bay.	Estero de San Antonio	Bodega Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Macal River discharges to the Belize River.	Macal River	Belize River
mouth of the watercourse	Kitoy River (Russian: Китой, Buryat: Хути) is a river in Buryatia and Irkutsk Oblast in Russia, Angara River's left tributary.	Kitoy River	Angara River
mouth of the watercourse	Boggywell Creek, an urban gully that is part of the Georges River catchment, is located in the southern Sydney district of St George, in New South Wales, Australia.	Boggywell Creek	Georges River
mouth of the watercourse	Paterson River, a perennial river that is part of the Hunter River catchment, is located in the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales, Australia.	Paterson River	Hunter River
mouth of the watercourse	Skhodnya River (Russian: Сходня), also known as Sukhodnya, Vkhodnya, Vykhodnya and Vskhodnya is a river in the northwest of Moscow, the second largest tributary (after the Yauza River) of the Moskva River.	Skhodnya River	Moskva River
mouth of the watercourse	Vanån is a river in Sweden and the largest tributary of Västerdal River.	Vanån	Västerdal River
mouth of the watercourse	The Tanyurer River (Russian: Танюрер) is a river in Chukotka in Russia, a left tributary of the Anadyr River.	Tanyurer River	Anadyr River
narrative location	Virtual Soccer - known in Japan as J.League Super Soccer (Jリーグスーパーサッカー) - is a 1994 football video game published by Hudson Soft.	Virtual Soccer	Japan
narrative location	The Hathaways is a 26-episode situation comedy, which aired on ABC from October 6, 1961, to March 30, 1962, starring Peggy Cass and Jack Weston as suburban Los Angeles ``parents'' to a trio of performing chimpanzees.	The Hathaways	Los Angeles
narrative location	A second series of Conviction Kitchen was recorded in Vancouver, British Columbia during the summer of 2010.	Conviction Kitchen	Vancouver
narrative location	Her novels Shadow Dance (1966), Several Perceptions and Love (1971) are sometimes referred to as the ``Bristol Trilogy''.	Several Perceptions	Bristol
narrative location	The Brotherhood of War is a series of novels written by W. E. B. Griffin about the United States Army from the Second World War through the Vietnam War.	Brotherhood of War	Vietnam
narrative location	States of Grace (also known as God's Army 2: States of Grace) is a 2005 drama film by Richard Dutcher which tells the story of two Mormon missionaries in Santa Monica, California.	States of Grace	California
narrative location	Adelaide di Borgogna, ossia Ottone, re d'Italia (Adelaide of Burgundy, or Otto, King of Italy) is a two-act opera composed by Gioachino Rossini (with contributions by Michele Carafa) to a libretto by Giovanni Schmidt.	Adelaide di Borgogna	Italy
narrative location	Michael Andretti's World GP (known in Japan as Nakajima Satoru: F-1 Hero) is a video game developed by Human Entertainment released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1990.	Michael Andretti's World GP	Japan
narrative location	A Rock and a Hard Place (ISBN 0-8041-0191-4) is a Vietnam War novel by David Sherman published in 1988 by the Ivy Book imprint of Ballantine Books.	A Rock and a Hard Place	Vietnam
narrative location	The Alchemist's Daughter is a young adult historical fantasy, set in Elizabethan England a year before the Armada, in which Sidonie Quince attempts to save her father from the consequences of a rash night with the Queen.	The Alchemist's Daughter	England
narrative location	The Butterfly Clues by Kate Ellison, follows the story of Penelope ``Lo'' Marin and is set in Cleveland, Ohio.	The Butterfly Clues	Cleveland
narrative location	The Attacks of 26/11 is a 2013 Indian docudrama thriller film directed by Ram Gopal Varma, based on the 2008 Mumbai attacks.	The Attacks of 26/11	Mumbai
narrative location	After the preceding book, Dress Her in Indigo, which was largely set in Mexico, The Long Lavender Look not only returns to McGee's usual haunt of Florida, but is almost entirely set in one tiny town deep in the rural part of the state.	The Long Lavender Look	Florida
narrative location	The Hour of the Pig is set in 15th-century France and is based upon the career and case files of Bartholomew Chassenee, an actual lawyer of the time who served as an advocate for animals who were accused of crimes.	The Hour of the Pig	France
narrative location	Afghanistan (2011), and Heavy Fire:	Heavy Fire	Afghanistan
narrative location	Dr. Adder is an artist-surgeon, who modifies sexual organs of his patients to satisfy the weirdest of perversion; he is clearly depicted as a partly criminal, partly counter-cultural figure in a future Los Angeles which anticipates the cyberpunk idea of the Sprawl.	Dr. Adder	Los Angeles
narrative location	Curry and Pepper is a 1990 Hong Kong action comedy film directed by Blackie Ko and starring Jacky Cheung and Stephen Chow.	Curry and Pepper	Hong Kong
narrative location	The Secrets of Harry Bright also continued Wambaugh's satirization of the mores and extravagances of the Southern California ``rich and famous'' lifestyle that began with The Black Marble, in addition to its focus on police work.	The Secrets of Harry Bright	California
narrative location	Big Medicine is taped at the Weight Management Center of The Methodist Hospital in Houston, Texas.	Big Medicine	Houston
narrative location	When it was released, The Crime of Father Amaro caused a controversy on the part of Roman Catholic groups in Mexico who tried to stop the film from being screened.	The Crime of Father Amaro	Mexico
narrative location	The Master Gunfighter is mainly a remake of the 1969 Japanese film Goyokin, although the story revolves around a true incident in the early 1800s involving massacred Indians that occurred in the vicinity of Goleta, California.	The Master Gunfighter	California
narrative location	Igby Goes Down is a 2002 comedy-drama film that follows the life of Igby Slocumb, a rebellious and sardonic New York City teenager who attempts to break free of his familial ties and wealthy, overbearing mother.	Igby Goes Down	New York City
narrative location	Two Mules for Sister Sara is an American-Mexican western film starring Shirley MacLaine (billed above Clint Eastwood in the film's credits, but not on the poster) set during the French intervention in Mexico.	Two Mules for Sister Sara	Mexico
narrative location	The film follows the title character, California Senator Jay Billington Bulworth (Beatty), as he runs for re-election while trying to avoid a hired assassin.	Bulworth	California
narrative location	Jim Allen planned a two-part follow up to The Spongers, titled The Commune, which was to be set in the same location - Middleton, Greater Manchester, on the impoverished Langley Estate.	The Spongers	Manchester
native language	Jean-Baptiste Darlan (10 June 1848 -- 8 December 1912) was a French politician who was Minister of Justice in 1896--97.	Jean-Baptiste Darlan	French
native language	Guillaume de La Perrière (1499/1503 in Toulouse -- 1565) was one of the earliest French writers of emblem books.	Guillaume de La Perrière	French
native language	Francis Henry Salvin (1817--1904) was an English writer on falconry and cormorant-fishing.	Francis Henry Salvin	English
native language	Ariane Mnouchkine (born 3 March 1939) is a French stage director.	Ariane Mnouchkine	French
native language	Karel Dujardin (September 27, 1622 -- November 20, 1678) was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Karel Dujardin	Dutch
native language	Jia Yinghua (simplified Chinese: 贾英华; traditional Chinese: 賈英華; pinyin: Jiǎ Yīnghuá) was a Chinese writer and researcher who focused on the late Qing Dynasty.	Jia Yinghua	Chinese
native language	Paul Thellier (29 October 1899 -- 29 August 1944) was a French politician who was Minister of Agriculture for a few months in 1936 and again in 1940.	Paul Thellier	French
native language	Florian Gerster (born 7 May 1949 in Worms, Germany) is a German and politician former government official.	Florian Gerster	German
native language	Ernest Delahaye (1853--1930) was a French writer and essayist.	Ernest Delahaye	French
native language	Jean-Louis Benoît (born 22 January 1947 in Alès, Gard) is a French actor, screenwriter, theater and film director.	Jean-Louis Benoît	French
native language	M. Vasalis (13 February 1909 in The Hague -- 16 October 1998 in Roden) was a Dutch poet and psychiatrist.	M. Vasalis	Dutch
native language	Solomon Naumovich Rabinovich, better known under his pen name Sholem Aleichem (Yiddish and Hebrew: שלום־עליכם‎; Russian and Ukrainian: Шоло́м-Але́йхем) (March 2 (O.S. February 18) 1859 -- May 13, 1916), was a leading Yiddish author and playwright.	Sholem Aleichem	Yiddish
native language	Jean d'Arcet or Jean Darcet (7 September 1724 -- 12 February 1801) was a French chemist, and director of the porcelain works at Sèvres.	Jean Darcet	French
native language	Pierre Pelot (Pierre Grosdemange, also known as Pierre Pelot, Pierre Suragne or Pierre Carbonari), is a French science fiction writer.	Pierre Pelot	French
native language	Cyril Féraud (born 15 March 1985 in Digne-les-Bains) is a French television presenter.	Cyril Féraud	French
native language	Sven Giegold (born 17 November 1969) is a German politician for the Alliance 90/The Greens party and one of the founding members of Attac Germany.	Sven Giegold	German
native language	Charles Nicolas Fabvier (Greek: Κάρολος Φαβιέρος) (10 December 1782 -- 15 September 1855) was an ambassador, general and French member of parliament who played a distinguished role in the Greek War of Independence.	Charles Nicolas Fabvier	French
native language	Jo Nesbø (Norwegian pronunciation: (ˈju ˈnɛsbø); born 29 March 1960) is a Norwegian writer, musician, former economist and reporter.	Jo Nesbø	Norwegian
native language	Charles Duchaussois was a French writer who was born 27 January 1940 and who died 27 February 1991.	Charles Duchaussois	French
native language	Yvonne Printemps (French: (pʁɛ̃tɑ̃); 25 July 1894 -- 19 January 1977) was a French singer and actress who achieved stardom on stage and screen in France and internationally.	Yvonne Printemps	French
native language	Jean-Yves Le Drian (French pronunciation: ​(ʒã.iv lə.dʁi.jã)); born 30 June 1947) is a French politician who is a member of the French Socialist Party.	Jean-Yves Le Drian	French
native language	Éric Besson (born 2 April 1958 in Marrakech, Morocco) is a French politician of French-Lebanese descent.	Éric Besson	French
native language	Louis Geoffroy (1803--1858) was the pseudonym of Louis-Napoléon Geoffroy-Château, a French writer who penned one of the earliest works of alternate history:	Louis Geoffroy	French
native language	Louis Tiercelin (Rennes, 1849 - Paramé, 1915), was a French writer, poet and playwright associated with the Breton cultural renaissance of the early 20th century.	Louis Tiercelin	French
native language	Tang Li (Chinese: 唐莉; Pinyin: Táng Lì; born July 27, 1982) is a Chinese professional Go player.	Tang Li	Chinese
native language	Simon Geschke (born 13 March 1986) is a professional German road cyclist, currently riding for Giant-Alpecin.	Simon Geschke	German
native language	Jean-Pierre Desthuilliers (October 22, 1939 - December 6, 2013) was a French writer and poet.	Jean-Pierre Desthuilliers	French
native language	Alfred Vallette (1858, Paris -- 1935) was a French man of letters.	Alfred Vallette	French
native language	Matthieu Ricard (Nepali: माथ्यु रिका, born 15 February 1946) is a French writer and Buddhist monk who resides at Shechen Tennyi Dargyeling Monastery in Nepal.	Matthieu Ricard	French
native language	Albert Rémy (9 April 1911 -- 26 January 1967) was a French actor best known for his supporting roles in François Truffaut's first two feature films.	Albert Rémy	French
native language	Joseph Liouville (/ˈdʒoʊzəf ˌliuːˈvɪl/; French: (ʒɔzɛf ljuvil); 24 March 1809 -- 8 September 1882) was a French mathematician.	Joseph Liouville	French
native language	Jovan Krkobabić (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Кркобабић, pronounced (jǒʋan krkǒbabitɕ)) (27 February 1930 -- 22 April 2014) was a Serbian politician.	Jovan Krkobabić	Serbian
native language	Philippe Richard (24 June 1891 -- 24 December 1973) was a French film and theater actor.	Philippe Richard	French
native language	Michel Moine (March 8, 1920 in Airvault - January 15, 2005 in Buxerolles) was a French journalist and parapsychologist.	Michel Moine	French
native language	Pierre Wolff (1 January 1865 in Paris -- 1944) was a French playwright.	Pierre Wolff	French
native language	Heleen van Royen (born Helena Margaretha Kroon, Amsterdam, 9 March 1965) is a Dutch novelist and columnist.	Heleen van Royen	Dutch
native language	Béatrice Agenin (born 30 July 1950 in Paris, France) is a French stage, film, television actress and stage director.	Béatrice Agenin	French
native language	Charles de Larcy (Charles Jubert, Baron De Larcy) (20 August 1805, Le Vigan, Gard -- 6 October 1882, Pierrelatte) was a French Legitimist politician.	Charles de Larcy	French
native language	François-Henri de Virieu, marquis de Virieu (18 December 1931 -- 27 October 1997) was a French journalist and television presenter.	François-Henri de Virieu	French
native language	Paul Léautaud (18 January 1872 -- 22 February 1956) was a French writer and theater critic for Mercure de France, signing his often caustic reviews with the pseudonym Maurice Boissard.	Paul Léautaud	French
native language	Maryam Hassouni (born September 21, 1985) is a Dutch television and film actress.	Maryam Hassouni	Dutch
native language	Henry Poulaille (5 December 1896, Paris -- 30 March 1980, Cachan) was a French writer.	Henry Poulaille	French
native language	Zazon (born Élisabeth Castro, 12 October 1976) is a French filmmaker and actress.	Zazon	French
native language	Émile Zuccarelli (Italian pronunciation: (eˈmil dzukkaˈrɛlli); born 4 August 1940 in Bastia, Upper Corsica) is a French politician from Corsica.	Émile Zuccarelli	French
native language	Louis-Henri Murger, also known as Henri Murger and Henry Murger (27 March 1822 -- 28 January 1861) was a French novelist and poet.	Henri Murger	French
native language	Pierre Quillard (born Paris, 14 July 1864 - died Neuilly-sur-Seine, 4 February 1912) was a French symbolist poet, playwright, translator (from Greek), and journalist.	Pierre Quillard	French
native language	Dirk Jan Struik (September 30, 1894 -- October 21, 2000) was a Dutch mathematician and Marxian theoretician who spent most of his life in the United States.	Dirk Jan Struik	Dutch
native language	Peter Knäbel (born 2 October 1966) is a retired German football player.	Peter Knäbel	German
native language	Mannus Franken (2 February 1899 -- 1 August 1953) was a Dutch filmmaker who played an important role in the development of Indonesian cinema.	Mannus Franken	Dutch
native language	Jean Pérol (born 1932 Vienna) is a French novelist and poet.	Jean Pérol	French
native language	Jean de Labadie (13 February 1610 -- 13 February 1674) was a 17th-century French pietist.	Jean de Labadie	French
native language	Michel Auclair (14 September 1922 -- 7 January 1988) was an actor of Serbian and French ancestry, known best for his roles in French cinema.	Michel Auclair	French
native language	Reiner Klimke (14 January 1936 -- 17 August 1999) was a German equestrian, who won six gold and two bronze medals in dressage at the Summer Olympics -- a record for equestrian events.	Reiner Klimke	German
native language	Moon Deoksu (Hangul: 문덕수) is an early-modern Korean poet.	Moon Deoksu	Korean
native language	François Bachelot (born 1940) is a French physician and politician.	François Bachelot	French
native language	Marcel Légaut (27 April 1900 -- 6 November 1990) was a French Christian philosopher and mathematician.	Marcel Légaut	French
native language	Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔʁʒ lwi ləklɛʁ kɔ̃t də byfɔ̃); 7 September 1707 -- 16 April 1788) was a French naturalist, mathematician, cosmologist, and encyclopedic author.	Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon	French
native language	Ismael Urbain (born Thomas Urbain, December 31, 1812 -- January 28, 1884) was a French journalist and interpreter.	Ismael Urbain	French
native language	Martin Opitz von Boberfeld (23 December 1597 -- 20 August 1639) was a German poet, regarded as the greatest of that nation during his lifetime.	Martin Opitz	German
native language	Franz Müntefering (fʁants ˈmʏntəˌfeʁɪŋ) (born 16 January 1940) is a German politician and industrial manager.	Franz Müntefering	German
native language	Katrin Dagmar Göring-Eckardt (born Katrin Dagmar Eckardt on 3 May 1966 in Friedrichroda, Thuringia (then part of East Germany)), better known as Katrin Göring-Eckardt, is a German politician from the German Green Party (officially known as Alliance '90/The Greens; German: Bündnis 90/Die Grünen).	Katrin Göring-Eckardt	German
native language	Kurt Gscheidle (16 December 1924 in Stuttgart -- 22 February 2003 in Saarbrücken) was a German politician affiliated to the Social Democratic Party (SPD).	Kurt Gscheidle	German
native language	Georges Darien (pseudonym for Georges Hippolyte Adrien), (6 April 1862 -- 19 August 1921), was a French writer associated with anarchism and an outspoken advocate of Georgism.	Georges Darien	French
native language	Patrice Chéreau (French: (pa.tʁis ʃe.ʁo); 2 November 1944 -- 7 October 2013) was a French opera and theatre director, filmmaker, actor and producer.	Patrice Chéreau	French
native language	Giorgos Katsikas (Greek: Γιώργος Κατσικάς) (born 14 June 1990) is a Greek professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for FC Twente in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Giorgos Katsikas	Greek
native language	François-Vincent Raspail, L.L.D., M.D. (25 January 1794 -- 7 January 1878) was a French chemist, naturalist, physician, physiologist, attorney, and socialist politician.	François-Vincent Raspail	French
native language	Park Taesun (Hangul: 박태순) is a South Korean writer.	Park Taesun	Korean
native language	Antoine de Nervèze (c. 1570 -- after 1622) was a French nobleman and writer of novels, translations, letters and moral works at the end of the 16th and beginning of the 17th centuries.	Antoine de Nervèze	French
native language	Benoît Allemane (born November 30, 1934 ) is a French voice actor who specializes in dubbing.	Benoît Allemane	French
native language	Justin Girod-Chantrans (26 September 1750, Besançon -- 1 April 1841, Besançon) was a French naturalist known for his pioneer research in the field of phycology.	Justin Girod-Chantrans	French
native language	Jacques-Laurent Bost (6 May 1916, Le Havre -- 21 September 1990, Paris) was a French journalist.	Jacques-Laurent Bost	French
native language	Colette Giudicelli (born November 24, 1943 in Algiers, French Algeria) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.	Colette Giudicelli	French
native language	Bernd Lucke (born 19 August 1962) is a German economist and politician, and a Member of the European Parliament.	Bernd Lucke	German
native language	Laurent Tailhade (French: (tajad); 16 April 1854 -- 2 November 1919) was a French satirical poet, anarchist polemicist, essayist, and translator, active in Paris in the 1890s and early 1900s.	Laurent Tailhade	French
native language	Jean Frémon, born in 1946, is a French gallerist and writer.	Jean Frémon	French
native language	Félix Fournier (May 3, 1803 - June 9, 1877), was a dignitary of the Roman Catholic Church and a French politician, and bishop of Nantes from 1870 to his death in 1877.	Félix Fournier	French
native language	Jung Hansuk is an early modern South Korean writer and critic.	Jung Hansuk	Korean
native language	François Angelier (born 22 August 1958) is a French journalist, presenter, essayist, biographer and author of fantasy novels.	François Angelier	French
native language	Mistinguett (5 April 1875 -- 5 January 1956) was a French actress and singer, whose birth name was Jeanne Florentine Bourgeois.	Mistinguett	French
native language	Adrien Goetz (born 1966 in Caen, Calvados) is a French art critic and novelist.	Adrien Goetz	French
native language	Henri Collomb (1913--1979) was a French psychiatrist.	Henri Collomb	French
native language	Aernout van Buchel (Latinised: Arnoldus Buchelius) (Utrecht, 1565 -- Utrecht, 15 July 1641) was a Dutch antiquarian and humanist, specialising in genealogy and heraldry.	Aernout van Buchel	Dutch
native language	Anne Jean Marie René Savary, 1st Duc de Rovigo (26 April 1774 -- 2 June 1833), French general and diplomat, was born at Marcq in the Ardennes.	Anne Jean Marie René Savary	French
native language	Nicolas Moreau (born June 28, 1969) is a French actor and a theatre director.	Nicolas Moreau	French
native language	(Hyppolyte) Louis Alexandre Dechet (alternatively, spelled Dechez; Lyon, 20 January 1801 - Lier, 18 October 1830) was a French actor and is regarded the author of the lyrics of the Brabançonne, the Belgian national anthem.	Alexandre Dechet	French
native language	Sylvain Tesson (born April 26, 1972) is a French writer and traveller born in Paris, France.	Sylvain Tesson	French
native language	Joséphine de La Baume (born 8 October 1984) is a French actress, singer and model.	Joséphine de La Baume	French
native language	Lorand Gaspar (born 1925 in Târgu Mureş, Romania) is a French poet.	Lorand Gaspar	French
native language	Yves Barsacq (17 June 1931 -- 4 October 2015) was a French film actor, who appeared in more than 150 films.	Yves Barsacq	French
native language	Louis-Victor-Nestor Roqueplan (also sometimes spelled Rocoplan) (16 September 1805 -- 24 April 1870) was a French writer, journalist, and theatre director.	Nestor Roqueplan	French
native language	Adolf von Thadden (July 7, 1921 -- July 16, 1996) was a leading far-right German politician.	Adolf von Thadden	German
native language	Philippe Noiret (French pronunciation: ​(filip nwaʁɛ); 1 October 1930 -- 23 November 2006) was a French film actor.	Philippe Noiret	French
native language	Errico Malatesta (14 December 1853 -- 22 July 1932) was an Italian anarchist.	Errico Malatesta	Italian
native language	Dirk de Graeff van Polsbroek (Amsterdam, August 28, 1833 -- 27 June 1916, The Hague) was a successful Dutch diplomat in Japan.	Dirk de Graeff van Polsbroek	Dutch
native language	Wesley Sneijder (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʋɛsli ˈsnɛi̯dər); born 9 June 1984) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Turkish club Galatasaray and the Netherlands national team.	Wesley Sneijder	Dutch
native language	Germain Muller (July 23, 1923 in Strasbourg -- October 10, 1994 in Strasbourg), was a French playwright, poet, songwriter, actor, humourist, politician and a prominent figure in Alsatian culture.	Germain Muller	French
native language	Jean Auroux is a French politician.	Jean Auroux	French
native language	Gabriel Paul Othenin de Cléron, comte d'Haussonville (21 September 1843 -- 1 September 1924) was a French politician and author.	Gabriel Paul Othenin de Cléron, comte d'Haussonville	French
native language	Gaston Henry-Haye (born 6 February 1890 at Wissous, France, died 16 October 1983 at Paris, France) was a merchant, French politician and diplomat.	Gaston Henry-Haye	French
native language	Jean-Louis Richard (17 May 1927 -- 3 June 2012) was a French actor, film director and scriptwriter.	Jean-Louis Richard	French
native language	Michel Sardou (French pronunciation: (miʃɛl saʁdu)) (born 26 January 1947) is a French singer, songwriter and occasional actor.	Michel Sardou	French
native language	Harry Roselmack, born 20 March 1973 in Tours, is a French radio and TV journalist of Martiniquan descent.	Harry Roselmack	French
native language	Antonis Samaras (Greek: Αντώνης Σαμαράς, pronounced (anˈdonis samaˈras); born 23 May 1951) is a Greek politician who was Prime Minister of Greece from 2012 to 2015 and leader of New Democracy from 2009 to 2015.	Antonis Samaras	Greek
native language	Jean-Claude Étienne (born 8 August 1941) at Vouziers (Ardennes) is a French politician and a member of the Senate of France.	Jean-Claude Étienne	French
native language	Lamine Guèye (20 September 1891 in Médine, French Sudan -- 10 June 1968 in Dakar) was a Senegalese politician who became leader of the Parti Sénégalais de l'Action Socialiste (``Senegalese Party of Socialist Action'').	Lamine Guèye	French
native language	Suzy Solidor (18 December 1900 -- 30 March 1983) was a French singer and actress, appearing in films such as La Garçonne.	Suzy Solidor	French
native language	Karen Cheryl (born Isabelle Morizet on 19 July 1955) is a French singer, actress, radio and television presenter.	Karen Cheryl	French
native language	Hermann Otto Solms (born November 24, 1940 in Lich, Germany; full legal name Hermann Otto Prinz zu Solms-Hohensolms-Lich) is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP).	Hermann Otto Solms	German
native language	David Abiker (born 11 February 1969 in Suresnes, France) is a French radio and television journalist.	David Abiker	French
native language	Fritz Kater (12 December 1861 - 20 May 1945) was a German trade unionist active in the Free Association of German Trade Unions (FVdG) and its successor organization, the Free Workers' Union of Germany.	Fritz Kater	German
native language	Jean-Pierre Bonnefoux (born 9 April 1943, in Bourg en Bresse, France) is a French ballet dancer and instructor.	Jean-Pierre Bonnefoux	French
native language	Amanda Lear (née Tapp; born 18 November in 1939, 1946 or 1950) is a French singer, lyricist, painter, television presenter, actress and former model.	Amanda Lear	French
native language	George Hendrik Breitner (12 September 1857 -- 5 June 1923) was a Dutch painter and photographer.	George Hendrik Breitner	Dutch
native language	Esther Silvana Koch-Mehrin (born 17 November 1970 in Wuppertal) is a German politician and former Member of the European Parliament with the Free Democratic Party of Germany.	Silvana Koch-Mehrin	German
native language	Balijepalli Lakshmikantam or Lakshmikanta Kavi (Telugu: బలిజేపల్లి లక్ష్మీకాంతం) (23 December 1881 -- 30 June 1953) actor, poet, screen writer, dramatist and freedom fighter.	Balijepalli Lakshmikantam	Telugu
native language	Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord (/ˈtæləˌrænd ˈpɛrɪˌɡɔːr/; French: (ʃaʁl moʁis də tal(ɛ)ʁɑ̃ peʁiɡɔʁ); 1754--1838), prince de Bénévent, then prince de Talleyrand, was a French bishop, politician and diplomat.	Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord	French
native language	Félix Galipaux (12 December 1860 -- 7 December 1931) was a French actor, playwright, and humorist.	Félix Galipaux	French
native language	Claude Farrère, pseudonym of Frédéric-Charles Bargone (27 April 1876, Lyon -- 21 June 1957, Paris), was a French author of novels set in such exotic locations as Istanbul, Saigon, and Nagasaki.	Claude Farrère	French
native language	Lou de Laâge (born 27 April 1990) is a French television, film and stage actress.	Lou de Laâge	French
native language	Roger Vincent (1878--1959) was a French actor who acted in over 100 movies over five decades.	Roger Vincent	French
native language	Katja Suding; born 30 December 1975 in Vechta, is a German politician of the Free Democratic Party (FDP).	Katja Suding	German
native language	Christiane Delyne (3 September 1902 -- 17 April 1966) was an American-born French actress.	Christiane Delyne	French
native language	Frédéric de Courcy, born Frédéric Charlot de Courcy (16 August 1796, Paris -- 6 May 1862, Paris) was a French man of letters.	Frédéric de Courcy	French
native language	Gilles Savary (born 6 December 1954 in Oradour-sur-Vayres, Haute-Vienne) is a French politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Île-de-France.	Gilles Savary	French
native language	John Abraham Heraud (1799--1887) was an English journalist and poet.	John Abraham Heraud	English
native language	Alain Le Vern (born 8 May 1948) is a French Socialist Senator and is president of the Haute-Normandie region.	Alain Le Vern	French
native language	Véronique Genest (born Véronique Combouilhaud, 26 June 1956) is a French actress and film producer.	Véronique Genest	French
native language	Andrey Sigle (born 15 May 1964, Gorky, USSR) is a Russian film producer, film music composer, and musician.	Andrey Sigle	Russian
native language	Jean-Michel Dupuis (born in 1955) is a French theatre, TV and film actor.	Jean-Michel Dupuis	French
native language	Thomas Rosenboom (born 8 January 1956 in Doetinchem), is a Dutch author of novels and short stories.	Thomas Rosenboom	Dutch
native language	Ahmed Ben Messali Hadj (Arabic: مصالي الحاج‎) (1898 in Tlemcen, French Algeria - June 3, 1974 in Paris, France) was an Algerian nationalist politician dedicated to the independence of his homeland from France.	Messali Hadj	Arabic
native language	Jean Sablon (Nogent-sur-Marne, 25 March 1906 - Cannes, 24 February 1994) was a French singer and actor.	Jean Sablon	French
native language	Marc-Édouard Nabe (born 1958), whose real name is Alain-Marc-Édouard Zannini, is a French writer.	Marc-Édouard Nabe	French
native language	Melchior d'Hondecoeter (c. 1636 -- 3 April 1695), Dutch animalier painter, was born in Utrecht and died in Amsterdam.	Melchior d'Hondecoeter	Dutch
native language	Valérie Crouzet (born 2 January 1968) is a French film comedian actress.	Valérie Crouzet	French
native language	Alexandre Martin (27 April 1815 -- 28 May 1895), nicknamed Albert l'Ouvrier (``Albert the Worker''), was a French socialist statesman of the French Second Republic.	Alexandre Martin	French
native language	Jan N. Bremmer (born 18 December 1944) is a Dutch academic and historian.	Jan N. Bremmer	Dutch
native language	Régis Messac (1893--1945) was a French essayist, poet and translator.	Régis Messac	French
native language	Frédéric Pons (born in 1954) is a French Army officer and journalist.	Frédéric Pons	French
native language	Maurice Clavel (French: (klavɛl)) was a French writer, journalist and philosopher.	Maurice Clavel	French
native language	Julien Courbet (born 7 February 1965) is a French journalist, television presenter and producer.	Julien Courbet	French
native language	Zacharie Jacob (died 1667), known as Montfleury, was a famed French actor and playwright of the 17th century.	Zacharie Jacob	French
native language	Michaël Zeeman (12 September 1958, Marken - 27 July 2009, Rotterdam) was a prominent Dutch journalist, author, editor, columnist and literary critic.	Michaël Zeeman	Dutch
native language	Annie Ducaux (10 September 1908 -- 31 December 1996) was a French actress, who appeared in 40 film and television productions between 1932 and 1980.	Annie Ducaux	French
native language	Marguerite Audoux (July 7, 1863 at Sancoins, Cher -- January 31, 1937 at Saint-Raphaël, Var) was a French novelist.	Marguerite Audoux	French
native language	Anémone (born 9 August 1950) is a French actress, filmmaker and political activist.	Anémone	French
native language	Pierre Perrin (c.1620 -- 24 April 1675) was a French poet and librettist.	Pierre Perrin	French
native language	Catherine Belkhodja (born April 15, 1955) is a French artist, actress and film director.	Catherine Belkhodja	French
native language	Jean Auguste de Chastenet de Puységur (11 November 1740 -- 14 August 1815, Rabastens) was a French bishop.	Jean Auguste de Chastenet de Puységur	French
native language	Auguste-Maurice Barrès (French: (baʁɛs); 19 August 1862 -- 4 December 1923) was a French novelist, journalist and politician.	Maurice Barrès	French
native language	Honoratus a Sancta Maria (1651--1729) was a French Discalced Carmelite, known as a prolific controversialist.	Honoratus a Sancta Maria	French
native language	Axelle Lemaire (born 18 October 1974) is a French Socialist politician who currently serves as a Secretary of State in the French Government.	Axelle Lemaire	French
native language	Frank-Walter Steinmeier ((ˈfʁaŋkˌvaltɐ ˈʃtaɪ̯nˌmaɪ̯.ɐ); born 5 January 1956) is a German politician of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) who has served as Minister for Foreign Affairs since 2013.	Frank-Walter Steinmeier	German
native language	Pierre Desproges (May 9, 1939 -- April 18, 1988) was a French humorist.	Pierre Desproges	French
native language	Jalil Shahnaz (Persian: جلیل شهناز) was one of the greatest maestros of Persian classical music and a virtuoso of the tar.	Jalil Shahnaz	Persian
native language	Claude Lanzmann (French: (lanzman); born 27 November 1925) is a French filmmaker known for the Holocaust documentary film Shoah (1985).	Claude Lanzmann	French
native language	Colette Peignot (October 8, 1903 - November 7, 1938) was a French author who is most known by the pseudonym Laure, but also wrote under the name Claude Araxe.	Colette Peignot	French
native language	Augustin Souchy Bauer (August 28, 1892 -- January 1, 1984) was a German anarchist, antimilitarist, labor union official and journalist.	Augustin Souchy	German
native language	Paul de Ladmirault (Montmorillon, 17 February 1808 -- Sillars, 1 February 1898) was a French general active in the French conquest of Algeria and during the wars of the Second French Empire.	Paul de Ladmirault	French
native language	Jaak Aaviksoo (born 11 January 1954) is an Estonian politician and physicist, former rector of Tartu University, who has been the Estonian Minister of Defence and Minister of Education and Research.	Jaak Aaviksoo	Estonian
occupation	Reesa Renee is a singer and songwriter from the Washington metropolitan area of the United States (specifically, Largo, MD).	Reesa Renee	singer and songwriter
occupation	Costache Caragiale (March 29, 1815 -- February 13, 1877) was a Romanian actor and theatre manager who had an important role in the development of the Romanian theatre.	Costache Caragiale	actor
original network	Dear Phoebe is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 1954 to April 1955.	Dear Phoebe	NBC
original network	The Power of Women was an early American television program broadcast on the DuMont Television Network.	The Power of Women	DuMont Television Network
original network	Freaky Eaters is an observational British documentary series produced by independent television production company betty for BBC Three from 2007 to 2009.	Freaky Eaters	BBC Three
original network	Big Kids was a family drama show which aired on CBBC on BBC One, from September 27 to December 20, 2000.	Big Kids	BBC One
original network	Wish Kid starring Macaulay Culkin (often referred to simply as Wish Kid) is an American animated television series that originally aired on Saturday mornings from September 14, 1991, through July 1992 on NBC, although a few repeats aired from 1998, through 2002 on Toon Disney after that.	Wish Kid	NBC
original network	The Army Show is an American comedy television series that aired on The WB, first shown on 13 September 1998.	The Army Show	The WB
original network	Vic Reeves Big Night Out was a cult British comedy stage show and later TV series which ran on Channel 4 for two series in 1990 and 1991, as well as a New Year special.	Vic Reeves Big Night Out	Channel 4
original network	Detective in the House is an American detective drama series that aired on CBS on Friday nights from March 15, 1985 to April 19, 1985.	Detective in the House	CBS
original network	The Book of Pooh is an American television series that aired on Disney Channel.	The Book of Pooh	Disney Channel
original network	Primeval is a British science fiction, drama television programme produced for ITV by Impossible Pictures.	Primeval	ITV
original network	Urix is a foreign affairs television newsmagazine aired Monday to Thursday night on the Norwegian television channel NRK2, a subsidiary channel of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK).	Urix	NRK2
original network	Blue's Room is an American children's puppet show television series originally broadcast on Nickelodeon as part of the Nick Jr. block.	Blue's Room	Nickelodeon
original network	Seven at Eleven is an American comedy/variety show that aired live on NBC Monday and Wednesday night from 11:00 pm to midnight Eastern time from May 28, 1951 to June 27, 1951 on the nights when Broadway Open House wasn't on.	Seven at Eleven	NBC
original network	Bytt är bytt is a Swedish antiques show broadcast on TV4.	Bytt är bytt	TV4
original network	Are You Putting Me On? was a Canadian reality television series which aired on CBC Television from 1975 to 1977.	Are You Putting Me On?	CBC Television
original network	In recent years, Reeling in the Years has been used regularly by RTÉ One as a filler programme during the spring months all the way through to the Christmas period.	Reeling in the Years	RTÉ One
original network	See for Yourself is a Canadian children's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1959 to 1960.	See for Yourself	CBC Television
original network	The Gallery of Madame Liu-Tsong is an American television series which aired on the now defunct DuMont Television Network.	The Gallery of Madame Liu-Tsong	DuMont Television Network
original network	The Crocodile Hunter Diaries is a wildlife documentary television series first aired on cable TV channel Animal Planet.	The Crocodile Hunter Diaries	Animal Planet
original network	The Wizzard of Krudd is an animated short created by Greg Miller and Mike Stern that was originally created as a pilot for a full-length Nickelodeon series, but was dropped in after the short aired on YouTube, giving it internet fame.	The Wizzard of Krudd	Nickelodeon
original network	Sins and Secrets (also styled Sins & Secrets) is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery that debuted February 17, 2011.	Sins and Secrets	Investigation Discovery
original network	In the South Seas is a Canadian travel documentary television series which aired on CBC Television in 1973.	In the South Seas	CBC Television
original network	Fear Thy Neighbor is an American reality documentary television series which premiered on April 14, 2014, on the Investigation Discovery channel.	Fear Thy Neighbor	Investigation Discovery
original network	Dream Job was an American reality television show from ESPN, which began on February 22, 2004.	Dream Job	ESPN
original network	Top Hooker is an American reality fishing competition television series that premiered June 2, 2013 on Animal Planet.	Top Hooker	Animal Planet
original network	Flipped Off is an American reality television series on A&E that debuted April 28, 2012.	Flipped Off	A&E
original network	Lost Girl is a Canadian supernatural drama television series that premiered on Showcase on September 12, 2010, and ran for five seasons.	Lost Girl	Showcase
original network	The Dream Catchers (simplified Chinese: 未来不是梦) is a Singaporean Chinese modern romance drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8.	The Dream Catchers	MediaCorp Channel 8
original network	The Baileys of Balboa is an American sitcom that appeared on CBS in the 1964-1965 season on Thursdays at 9:30pm ET. The series lasted only one 26-episode season (due to its competition on Thursday nights with ABC's highly successful twice-weekly soap opera, Peyton Place).	The Baileys of Balboa	CBS
original network	Good Morning, World is an American sitcom broadcast on CBS-TV during the 1967--1968 season, originally sponsored by Procter & Gamble on Tuesday nights at 9:30 p.m. Eastern time.	Good Morning, World	CBS
original network	The Post Show is an interactive television series on G4 Network related to the NBC series Heroes.	The Post Show	G4
original network	Whew! is an American game show that aired on CBS from April 23, 1979, until May 30, 1980.	Whew!	CBS
original network	Grey's Anatomy is an American medical drama television series that premiered on American Broadcasting Company (ABC) as a mid-season replacement on March 27, 2005, and is currently in its 12th season.	Grey's Anatomy	American Broadcasting Company
original network	A modernised vision of a 1950s space toy, Metal Mickey first appeared on British television in the ITV children's magazine show The Saturday Banana, produced by Southern Television in 1978.	Metal Mickey	ITV
original network	Contest Searchlight was a four-episode fictional comedy television series that aired in 2002 on the Comedy Central network.	Contest Searchlight	Comedy Central
original network	The Mysteries of Providence is a French cartoon produced by Banco Productions and first aired on TF1's TFOU television program on January 12, 2002.	The Mysteries of Providence	TF1
original network	5 Takes is a travel series that airs on the Travel Channel.	5 Takes	Travel Channel
original network	Zokko! was a BBC television programme for children that ran on Saturday mornings for 26 episodes of 22 min duration between 1968 and 1970.	Zokko!	BBC
original network	Windfalls was produced by FilmFair for ITV; it premiered on 14 April 1989, and ran for 26 episodes.	Windfalls	ITV
original network	I Married Joan is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from 1952 to 1955.	I Married Joan	NBC
original network	Weird, True & Freaky (alternatively written as Weird, True and Freaky; Weird, True, and Freaky; or Weird, True, & Freaky) is a program that aired on Animal Planet in 2008 which focuses on unusual biology.	Weird, True & Freaky	Animal Planet
original network	In January 2013, TV4 announced that Idol, another singing talent show seeking to discover the best singer through nationwide auditions, would return in 2013 and that The Voice Sverige would not continue.	The Voice Sverige	TV4
original network	The Wayans Bros. is a sitcom that aired from January 1995 to May 1999 on The WB.	The Wayans Bros.	The WB
original network	Push Girls is an American reality television series on the SundanceTV.	Push Girls	SundanceTV
original network	The Gregory Hines Show is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS.	The Gregory Hines Show	CBS
original network	Club Cupid, was a Scottish regional dating show co-produced by STV Central and STV North and presented by Des Clarke and Michelle Watt.	Club Cupid	STV
original network	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is an American television sitcom that originally aired on NBC from September 10, 1990, to May 20, 1996.	The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air	NBC
original network	The Book Group is a British comedy drama that was broadcast on Channel 4 between 2002 and 2003 and ran for two seasons.	The Book Group	Channel 4
original network	New Street Law is a British legal drama television series produced by Red Production Company in association with One-Eyed Dog Ltd for BBC One.	New Street Law	BBC One
original network	Monkey-ed Movies is a series of short films broadcast on the Turner Broadcasting System in the late 1990s.	Monkey-ed Movies	Turner Broadcasting System
original network	Sisterhood of Hip Hop is an American reality television series on Oxygen starring five female rappers who ``navigate their way through the male-dominated music industry.''	Sisterhood of Hip Hop	Oxygen
original network	Miami Medical (formerly titled Miami Trauma) is a medical drama television series that aired on CBS from April 2 to July 2, 2010.	Miami Medical	CBS
original network	A Baby Story is an American reality series that began airing on TLC and Discovery Channel in 1998.	A Baby Story	TLC
original network	Kraft Television Theatre is an American drama/anthology television series that began May 7, 1947 on NBC, airing at 7:30pm on Wednesday evenings until December of that year.	Kraft Television Theatre	NBC
original network	Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn was a comedic talk show which aired on Comedy Central from 2002 to 2004.	Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn	Comedy Central
original network	Fortean TV was a British paranormal documentary television series that originally aired from 29 January 1997 to 6 March 1998 on Channel 4.	Fortean TV	Channel 4
original network	Barefoot Contessa is an American cooking show that premiered November 30, 2002 on Food Network.	Barefoot Contessa	Food Network
original network	To Buy or Not to Buy is a British reality television series made between 2003 and 2010 for BBC One in the UK.	To Buy or Not to Buy	BBC One
original network	Al Punto (Spanish pronunciation: (al ˈpunto), To the Point) is a Sunday morning talk show hosted by Noticiero Univision anchor Jorge Ramos on the Univision network and its sister network Galavisión.	Al Punto	Univision
original network	Manhattan, AZ is a comedy television show that aired on the USA Network during the Summer of 2000.	Manhattan, AZ	USA Network
original network	Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories (also known as Bedtime Stories) is an American horror comedy television series on Adult Swim.	Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories	Adult Swim
original network	Me and the Chimp is an American television situation comedy which aired for one season during 1972 on CBS.	Me and the Chimp	CBS
original network	Grundy's Northern Pride is an ITV Tyne Tees/Granada series about architecture, presented by John Grundy.	Grundy's Northern Pride	ITV
original network	Quadratics is a six-part Canadian instructional television series produced by TVOntario in 1993.	Quadratics	TVOntario
original network	Housecat Housecall is a weekly 30-minute television program that aired on Animal Planet in the United States and Australia.	Housecat Housecall	Animal Planet
original network	Sous le soleil (Under the sun; French pronunciation: ​(su lə sɔ.lɛj)) is a French soap opera broadcast on French major channel TF1 from 1996 to 2008.	Sous le soleil	TF1
original network	Cement Heads is an American reality television series airing on A&E.	Cement Heads	A&E
original network	Bailey's Comets is an animated cartoon series that aired on CBS in the 1973/74 and 1974/75 seasons.	Bailey's Comets	CBS
original network	15/Love first aired on the television channel YTV on September 6, 2004.	15/Love	YTV
original network	I Love Money 2 or I Love Money (season 2) is the second season of the VH1 reality television series I Love Money, created by Surreal Life executive producers Cris Abrego and Mark Cronin.	I Love Money (season 2)	VH1
original network	Wanna Come In? is an MTV reality television show.	Wanna Come In?	MTV
original network	Don Amor is a telenovela produced jointly by Canal 13, Chile and Canal 6, Puerto Rico.	Don Amor	Canal 13
original network	Days That Shook the World is a British documentary television series that premiered on BBC Two on 17 September 2003.	Days That Shook the World	BBC Two
original network	Classical Baby is the name of an HBO television series touted as a show for parents to watch with their babies.	Classical Baby	HBO
original network	Doctors' Hospital is an American medical drama that ran on NBC during the 1975--1976 season.	Doctors' Hospital	NBC
original network	Marrying the Game is an American reality television series that airs on VH1 and premiered on November 19, 2012.	Marrying the Game	VH1
original network	Ein starkes Team (German for: ``a strong team'') is a German crime television series developed by the German television channel ZDF since March 1994.	Ein starkes Team	ZDF
original network	Ciel, mon mardi ! was a television talk show hosted by Christophe Dechavanne, which ran on French television TF1 every Tuesday at the beginning of the 1990s.	Ciel, mon mardi !	TF1
original network	Johnny Staccato is an American private detective series starring John Cassavetes which ran for 27 episodes on NBC from September 10, 1959 through March 24, 1960.	Johnny Staccato	NBC
original network	Chorlton and the Wheelies is an animated children's television series that ran from September 1976 until June 1979 on the British television channel ITV.	Chorlton and the Wheelies	ITV
original network	Apartment 2F, often written Apt. 2F, is a 1997 MTV sitcom, sketch comedy and stand-up television series about the escapades of Randy and Jason Sklar's characters in New York City.	Apartment 2F	MTV
original network	Today Tonight is an Australian current affairs television program produced by the Seven Network.	Today Tonight	Seven Network
original network	Wanda Does It was a television show on Comedy Central that displayed ``a day in the life'' of the world of comedian Wanda Sykes.	Wanda Does It	Comedy Central
original network	Wisdom of the Ages is a panel show aired on the DuMont Television Network from December 16, 1952 to June 30, 1953.	Wisdom of the Ages	DuMont Television Network
original network	I Bet You Will was an Internet webcast, and later a show on MTV that paid people to do outrageous things for money.	I Bet You Will	MTV
original network	Love Is a Many Splendored Thing is an American daytime soap opera which aired on CBS from September 18, 1967 to March 23, 1973.	Love Is a Many Splendored Thing	CBS
original network	Girlfriends is an American situation comedy that premiered on September 11, 2000, on UPN and aired on UPN's successor network, The CW, before being abruptly cancelled in 2008.	Girlfriends	UPN
original network	Hive Minds is a British television quiz show that has aired on BBC Four since 14 July 2015 and is hosted by Fiona Bruce.	Hive Minds	BBC Four
original network	Harper's Island is an American horror mystery limited series created by Ari Schlossberg for CBS.	Harper's Island	CBS
original network	Camera Ready is an upcoming reality competition series on Syfy in which costume designers compete to create costumes that could be used in the making of films, television shows, and music videos.	Camera Ready	Syfy
original network	Truth or Scare is an American television series on the Discovery Kids network.	Truth or Scare	Discovery Kids
original network	A Year at the Top is an American sitcom which aired for five episodes on CBS in 1977.	A Year at the Top	CBS
original network	Geostari (Georgian: ჯეოსტარი) is the Georgian franchise of the Idol series, which airs on Rustavi 2.	Geostar	Rustavi 2
original network	Weaponology is a documentary television series that premiered on November 6, 2007 on the Discovery Channel.	Weaponology	Discovery Channel
original network	Planet of the Apes is an American science fiction television series that aired on CBS in 1974.	Planet of the Apes	CBS
original network	The World Beyond followed as a sequel on CBS Friday, January 27, 1978.	The World Beyond	CBS
original network	Man About the House is a British sitcom starring Richard O'Sullivan, Paula Wilcox and Sally Thomsett, with Yootha Joyce and Brian Murphy, that was broadcast for six series on ITV from 15 August 1973 to 7 April 1976.	Man About the House	ITV
original network	America's Prom Queen is a reality TV series created by consumer marketer Krishnan Menon and produced by PB&J Television that debuted on ABC Family on March 17, 2008.	America's Prom Queen	ABC Family
original network	Nad lipom 35 is a Croatian comedy television show, that is airing on Nova TV (Croatia).	Nad lipom 35	Nova TV
original network	House of Glam is a television series from Oxygen that premiered on October 5, 2010.	House of Glam	Oxygen
original network	United Stats of America is a documentary that airs on History and is hosted by Randy and Jason Sklar.	United Stats of America	History
original network	People Talking Back is a Canadian public participation television series which aired on CBC Television in 1979.	People Talking Back	CBC Television
original network	Hollywood Game Night is an American television game show hosted by Jane Lynch currently airing on NBC.	Hollywood Game Night	NBC
original network	Evacuate Earth is a National Geographic Channel documentary that portrays the hypothetical scenario of humans evacuating the planet Earth before it is destroyed by a rogue neutron star.	Evacuate Earth	National Geographic Channel
original network	I Love the '80s 3-D is the follow-up to VH1's 1980s nostalgia show I Love the '80s and its sequel I Love the '80s Strikes Back.	I Love the '80s 3-D	VH1
original network	El alma herida (English title: The wounded soul) is a 2003 Spanish language telenovela produced by the United States-based television network Telemundo Studios, Miami and Mexican Argos Comunicación.	El alma herida	Telemundo
original network	Melody Street is an early American television series, hosted by Elliot Lawrence, which aired on the DuMont Television Network.	Melody Street	DuMont Television Network
original network	Pointman is a TV movie pilot and TV series on the Prime Time Entertainment Network in 1994 to 1995.	Pointman	Prime Time Entertainment Network
original network	Fox News Sunday with Chris Wallace is a Sunday morning news/talk show on the Fox Broadcasting Company; since 2003, Fox News Sunday has been hosted by Chris Wallace.	Fox News Sunday	Fox Broadcasting Company
original network	Maggie Winters is a CBS sitcom that ran from 1998 to early 1999.	Maggie Winters	CBS
original network	Atlantika is a Filipino telefantasya produced by GMA Network about the fictional undersea kingdom of Atlantika.	Atlantika	GMA Network
original network	Full Frontal with Samantha Bee is an American late-night talk show that airs on Mondays on TBS in the United States.	Full Frontal with Samantha Bee	TBS
original network	Pure in Heart (also known as Pure 19 or Hearts of 19) is a 167-episode South Korean television drama/romantic comedy broadcast by KBS1 from 2006 to early 2007.	Pure in Heart	KBS1
original network	MXC (an initialism of Most Extreme Elimination Challenge) is an American comedy television program that aired on Spike TV from 2003 to 2007.	MXC	Spike
original network	Rhythm Pals is a Canadian music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1956.	Rhythm Pals	CBC Television
original network	Daktari (Swahili for ``doctor'') is an American children's drama series that aired on CBS between 1966 and 1969.	Daktari	CBS
original network	The Wide Country is an American Western television series which aired on NBC from September 20, 1962 to April 25, 1963.	The Wide Country	NBC
original network	Canada's Story is a Canadian historical documentary television series which aired on CBC Television in 1966.	Canada's Story	CBC Television
original network	Amor e Revolução (English: Love and Revolution) is a Brazilian telenovela that first aired on SBT in 2011.	Amor e Revolução	SBT
original network	Down You Go is an American television game show originally broadcast on the DuMont Television Network.	Down You Go	DuMont Television Network
original network	Katiba Ketubah was an American & British reality television series on The CW, featuring Katiba Nevud, a Jewish-American woman who has been issued several Ketubah's.	Katiba Ketubah	The CW
original network	Tell Me You Love Me is an American cable television drama series that premiered on HBO and on The Movie Network on September 9, 2007.	Tell Me You Love Me	HBO
original network	The Voice of Armenia (Armenian: Հայաստանի Ձայնը pronounced Hayastani Dzayne) is an Armenian television singing competition created by John de Mol. The first season was broadcast on Armenia TV.	The Voice of Armenia	Armenia TV
original network	RTL Late Night is a Dutch late night talkshow that is broadcast every day between 22:30 and 23:40 on the Dutch commercial television channel RTL 4, it is presented by Humberto Tan and has been broadcast since August 2013.	RTL Late Night	RTL 4
original network	Palace Guard is a drama series that was briefly broadcast by CBS as part of its 1991 fall lineup.	Palace Guard	CBS
original network	Acemi Cadı is a popular Turkish comedy TV series produced by Star TV.	Acemi Cadı	Star TV
original network	2030 CE is a Canadian children's television series that aired for two seasons on YTV in 2002.	2030 CE	YTV
original network	Top Club was a Scottish regional television game show produced by Grampian Television (now STV North) between 1971 and 1998.	Top Club	Grampian Television
original network	Men of the World was a 1990s BBC One situation comedy which starred David Threlfall and John Simm.	Men of the World	BBC One
original network	Maayka - Saath Zindagi Bhar Ka is an Indian television series that was aired on Zee TV from 15 January 2007 until 14 August 2009.	Maayka	Zee TV
original network	Wildboyz is an American spin-off television series and follow-up to Jackass, which debuted in 2003 on MTV and moved to MTV2 in its third season.	Wildboyz	MTV	MTV2
original network	Battle of the Gridiron Stars is a television show that airs on ESPN.	Battle of the Gridiron Stars	ESPN
original network	Justice with Judge Jeanine is a Fox News Channel reality legal show, hosted by Jeanine Pirro.	Justice with Judge Jeanine	Fox News Channel
original network	My Family's Got Guts is a family game show that aired on Nickelodeon.	My Family's Got Guts	Nickelodeon
parent taxon	Orthrosanthus is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae first described as a genus in 1827.	Orthrosanthus	Iridaceae
parent taxon	The Sulawesi hornbill (Penelopides exarhatus), also known as the Sulawesi tarictic hornbill, Temminck's hornbill or Sulawesi dwarf hornbill, is a relatively small, approximately 45 cm (18 in) long, black hornbill.	Sulawesi hornbill	Penelopides
parent taxon	In taxonomy, the Cladophorales are an order of green algae, specifically the Ulvophyceae.	Cladophorales	Ulvophyceae
parent taxon	The Tai forest tree frog, Leptopelis occidentalis, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Ivory Coast, Ghana, Liberia, and possibly Nigeria.	Tai forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Araripedactylus was a large genus of pterodactyloid pterosaur, known from a single wing bone found in the Early Cretaceous-age Santana Formation of Brazil.	Araripedactylus	pterosaur
parent taxon	Amuropaludina is a genus of freshwater snails which have a gill and an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Viviparidae.	Amuropaludina	Viviparidae
parent taxon	The Javan kingfisher (Halcyon cyanoventris) is a species of bird in the family Halcyonidae.	Javan kingfisher	Halcyon
parent taxon	Peter's wrinkle-lipped bat (Mormopterus jugularis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae, the free-tailed bats.	Peter's wrinkle-lipped bat	Mormopterus
parent taxon	The Finlayson's cave bat (Vespadelus finlaysoni) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Finlayson's cave bat	Vespadelus
parent taxon	Anthropornis is a genus of giant penguin that lived 37-45 million years ago, during the Late Eocene and the earliest part of the Oligocene.	Anthropornis	penguin
parent taxon	Achyrocline is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae described as a genus in 1838.	Achyrocline	Asteraceae
parent taxon	The Tsing-ling pika (Ochotona huangensis) is a species of pika endemic to the mountains in Central China.	Tsing-ling pika	Ochotona
parent taxon	Favolus, or honeycomb fungus is a genus of fungi in the family Polyporaceae.	Favolus	Polyporaceae
parent taxon	Bagoinae is a weevil subfamily in the family Curculionidae.	Bagoinae	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The American badger (Taxidea taxus) is a North American badger, somewhat similar in appearance to the European badger.	American badger	Taxidea
parent taxon	Adenoncos is a genus of the orchid family (Orchidaceae), consisting of 20 species native to Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Indonesia and New Guinea.	Adenoncos	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Theragra finnmarchica or Norway pollock is a rare fish of family Gadidae (codfish) only known from the Barents Sea.	Norway pollock	Theragra
parent taxon	The common shrew opossums (genus Caenolestes), are members of the Caenolestidae family.	Caenolestes	Caenolestidae
parent taxon	Cyanotis (syn. Tonningia) is a genus of mainly perennial plants in the family Commelinaceae, first described in 1825.	Cyanotis	Commelinaceae
parent taxon	Leptotragulus is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla, of the family Protoceratidae, endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch (Uintan to Chadronian stage) 40.2--33.9 Ma, existing for approximately 6.3 million years.	Leptotragulus	Protoceratidae
parent taxon	Doratogonus is a genus of millipedes in family Spirostreptidae.	Doratogonus	Spirostreptidae
parent taxon	Libocedrus is a genus of five species of coniferous trees in the cypress family Cupressaceae, native to New Zealand and New Caledonia.	Libocedrus	Cupressaceae
parent taxon	The Senegal chameleon, Chamaeleo senegalensis, is a species of chameleon native to West Africa.	Senegal chameleon	Chamaeleo
parent taxon	Sansibia is a genus of soft corals in the Xeniidae family.	Sansibia	Xeniidae
parent taxon	The Melanesian whistler or Vanuatu whistler (Pachycephala chlorura) is a species of passerine bird in the whistler family Pachycephalidae.	Melanesian whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	Williamodendron is a genus of evergreen trees belonging to the Laurel family, Lauraceae, in South America.	Williamodendron	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Guadalcanal monkey-faced bat (Pteralopex atrata) is a megabat endemic to Solomon Islands.	Guadalcanal monkey-faced bat	Pteralopex
parent taxon	Culicoides is a genus of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae.	Culicoides	Ceratopogonidae
parent taxon	The Aden Gulf torpedo (Torpedo adenensis) is a poorly known species of electric ray in the family Torpedinidae, seemingly endemic to the eastern Gulf of Aden, near the coast of Yemen.	Aden Gulf torpedo	Torpedo
parent taxon	The Gulf flounder (Paralichthys albiguttata) is a species of saltwater flounder.	Gulf flounder	Paralichthys
parent taxon	Desmoderus variabilis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Desmoderus.	Desmoderus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Amargosa springsnail (Pyrgulopsis amargosae) is a snail in the family Hydrobiidae.	Amargosa springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Vietbocap is a genus of troglobiontic scorpions in the family Pseudochactidae native to South-East Asia.	Vietbocap	Pseudochactidae
parent taxon	Doğramaci's vole (Microtus dogramacii) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Doğramaci's vole	Microtus
parent taxon	Afrosphinx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing one species, Afrosphinx amabilis, which is known from Zambia and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Afrosphinx	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Pteroinae is a subfamily of marine fish of the family Scorpaenidae.	Pteroinae	Scorpaenidae
parent taxon	The Burchell's redfin (Pseudobarbus burchelli), also known as Tradouw redfin, Tradou redfin or the Breede redfin, is an African freshwater fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Burchell's redfin	Pseudobarbus
parent taxon	Asolene is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Asolene	Ampullariidae
parent taxon	Apaturina is a monotypic genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae.	Apaturina	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The genus Chenopodiastrum was described in 2012 by Suzy Fuentes-Bazan, Pertti Uotila und Thomas Borsch (in: A novel phylogeny-based generic classification for Chenopodium sensu lato, and a tribal rearrangement of Chenopodioideae (Chenopodiaceae). in Willdenowia 42, p. 14).	Chenopodiastrum	Chenopodioideae
parent taxon	The Manicoré warbling antbird (Hypocnemis rondoni) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Manicoré warbling antbird	Hypocnemis
parent taxon	In the past the Kaibab squirrel was given species status (Sciurus kaibabensis) but today is considered a subspecies of the Abert's squirrel, (Sciurus aberti).	Kaibab squirrel	Abert's squirrel
parent taxon	The Daraina sportive lemur (Lepilemur milanoii) is a sportive lemur endemic to Madagascar.	Daraina sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	Blanford's pipe snake, Cylindrophis lineatus, is a species of snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.	Blanford's pipe snake	Cylindrophiidae
parent taxon	Dormer's bat or Dormer's pipistrelle (Scotozous dormeri) is a species of vesper bat.	Dormer's bat	Scotozous
parent taxon	Anthodiscus is a genus of plant in family Caryocaraceae described as a genus in 1818.	Anthodiscus	Caryocaraceae
parent taxon	The Arctomiaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the Ascomycota, class Lecanorales.	Arctomiaceae	Lecanorales
parent taxon	Lachnocaulon (bogbutton) is a genus of plants in the Eriocaulaceae.	Lachnocaulon	Eriocaulaceae
parent taxon	Icaricia is an invalid genus of butterfly in the family Lycaenidae now considered mostly synonymous with the genus Plebejus.	Icaricia	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Haemodorum is a genus of herbs in the family Haemodoraceae, first described as a genus in 1798.	Haemodorum	Haemodoraceae
parent taxon	Anoplodera pubera is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Anoplodera.	Anoplodera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Ictidodon and many other scaloposaurids are now classified as basal members of the clade Baurioidea.	Ictidodon	Baurioidea
parent taxon	Dendrodoris is a genus of nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Dendrodorididae.	Dendrodoris	Dendrodorididae
parent taxon	Siphocranion is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family, first described in 1929.	Siphocranion	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Lysapsus is a genus of frogs in the Hylidae family found in South America east of the Andes.	Lysapsus	Hylidae
parent taxon	Suberites is a genus of sea sponges in the family Suberitidae.	Suberites	Suberitidae
parent taxon	Limacinae are a taxonomic subfamily of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Limacidae.	Limacinae	Limacidae
parent taxon	The Andaman serpent eagle (Spilornis elgini) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family.	Andaman serpent eagle	Spilornis
parent taxon	Taurocimmerites dublanskii is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Taurocimmerites.	Taurocimmerites	Carabidae
parent taxon	The bee tribe Ctenoplectrini of the subfamily Apinae, with the two genera Ctenoplectra and Ctenoplectrina, comprises 9 species in tropical Africa, 10 in Asia, and 1 in Australia.	Ctenoplectrini	Apinae
parent taxon	The Cuban solenodon or almiqui (Solenodon cubanus), is a species of soricomorph endemic to Cuba.	Cuban solenodon	Solenodon
parent taxon	Sulphur-rumped tanager, Heterospingus rubrifrons Scarlet-browed tanager, Heterospingus xanthopygius	Heterospingus	tanager
parent taxon	Brickellia is among the more basal lineages of the Eupatorieae and should not be assigned to a subtribe pending further research.	Brickellia	Eupatorieae
parent taxon	Chrysophyllum is a group of trees in the Sapotaceae described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753.	Chrysophyllum	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	Tornatellinops is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusk, or micromollusks in the family Achatinellidae.	Tornatellinops	Achatinellidae
parent taxon	Gunnison's prairie dog (Cynomys gunnisoni) is one of five species of the prairie dog.	Gunnison's prairie dog	Cynomys
parent taxon	Maués marmoset (Mico mauesi) is a marmoset endemic to Brazil.	Maués marmoset	Mico
parent taxon	The Archaeognatha are an order of wingless insects, also known as jumping bristletails.	Archaeognatha	insects
parent taxon	Clanidopsis is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species Clanidopsis exusta, which is found from northern Pakistan (Margalla Hills) and north-western India, eastward along the southern slopes of the Himalaya to central Nepal and neighbouring parts of Tibet and Hubei in China.	Clanidopsis	Sphingidae
parent taxon	Alnus nepalensis is a large alder tree found in the subtropical highlands of the Himalayas.	Alnus nepalensis	alder
parent taxon	The Heteroptera are a group of about 40,000 species of insects in the order Hemiptera.	Heteroptera	Hemiptera
parent taxon	Argentine conger (Conger orbignianus) is a conger of the family Congridae.	Argentine conger	Conger
parent taxon	Mynes is a butterfly genus in the Nymphalidae family found in Australia and Indonesia.	Mynes	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Erpobdella is a genus of leeches in the family Erpobdellidae.	Erpobdella	Erpobdellidae
parent taxon	Scotophilus Bat coronavirus 512 is a novel enveloped, single-stranded positive-sense RNA virus species in the Alphacoronavirus, or Group 1, genus with a corona-like morphology.	Scotophilus Bat coronavirus 512	Alphacoronavirus
parent taxon	The Blackfin poacher (Bathyagonus nigripinnis, also known as the Blackfin starsnout poacher in the United States) is a fish in the family Agonidae (poachers).	Blackfin poacher	Bathyagonus
parent taxon	Paraphungia laosensis is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae, the only species in the genus Paraphungia.	Paraphungia	Mordellidae
parent taxon	Himantura is a genus of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, commonly known as the whiprays.	Himantura	Dasyatidae
parent taxon	Belding's ground squirrel was first described by Clinton Hart Merriam in 1888, as Spermophilus beldingi.	Belding's ground squirrel	Spermophilus
parent taxon	Burchell's starling or Burchell's glossy-starling (Lamprotornis australis) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Burchell's starling	Lamprotornis
parent taxon	The Rzehakinidae was included in the Lituolacea, (Textulariina) in the Treatise Part C, 1964, and removed by Loeblich and Tappan, 1982 to its own superfamily, the Rzehakinacea.	Rzehakinidae	Rzehakinacea
parent taxon	Pandoridae is a taxonomic family of small saltwater clams, marine bivalves in the order Pholadomyoida.	Pandoridae	Pholadomyoida
parent taxon	Collard greens (collards) are various loose-leafed cultivars of Brassica oleracea, the species which also contains vegetables including cabbage (Capitata Group) and broccoli (Botrytis Group).	Collard greens	Brassica oleracea
parent taxon	The Kokoda mogurnda (Mogurnda lineata) is a species of sleeper goby in the Eleotridae endemic to Papua New Guinea, where it is an inhabitant of clear streams in the rainforest.	Kokoda mogurnda	Mogurnda
parent taxon	Imma is a large genus of moths in the obtectomeran ``micromoth'' family Immidae.	Imma	Immidae
parent taxon	Przevalski's nuthatch (Sitta przewalskii), originally given the nomen nudum Sitta eckloni, is a bird species in the family Sittidae.	Przevalski's nuthatch	Sitta
parent taxon	Japanese green woodpecker or Japanese woodpecker (Picus awokera) is a medium-sized woodpecker similar and closely related to the European green woodpecker, but endemic to Japan.	Japanese green woodpecker	Picus
parent taxon	Anaspis is a large genus of beetles belonging to the family Scraptiidae.	Anaspis	Scraptiidae
parent taxon	Aulacomya is a genus of edible saltwater mussels, marine bivalve mollusks in the family Mytilidae, the true mussels.	Aulacomya	Mytilidae
parent taxon	Bryant's woodrat (Neotoma bryanti) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Bryant's woodrat	Neotoma
parent taxon	Bythaelurus alcockii also known as the Arabian catshark is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae.	Arabian catshark	Bythaelurus
parent taxon	Mees's white-eye (Lophozosterops javanicus), also known as the Javan grey-throated white-eye or grey-throated ibon, is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Mees's white-eye	Lophozosterops
parent taxon	The Chinese red-headed centipede, also known as the Chinese red head, (Scolopendra subspinipes mutilans) is a centipede from East Asia and Australasia.	Chinese red-headed centipede	Scolopendra subspinipes
parent taxon	The specific name is derived from Peirosaurus, the type genus of the Peirosauridae to which specimens of Gasparinisuchus were initially assigned, and from Greek oid meaning form.	Gasparinisuchus	Peirosauridae
parent taxon	Bryophryne was erected in 2008 to accommodate two species that were in Phrynopus at that time; subfamily Holoadeninae was erected at the same time and placed in Strabomantidae.	Bryophryne	Holoadeninae
parent taxon	The Usambara weaver (Ploceus nicolli) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Usambara weaver	Ploceus
parent taxon	The Inca jay (Cyanocorax yncas yncas) is a bird species of the New World jays, which is endemic to the Andes of South America.	Inca jay	Cyanocorax
parent taxon	Helcogramma hudsoni, known commonly as the Hudson's triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.	Hudson's triplefin	Helcogramma
parent taxon	The Philippine spine-tailed swift (Mearnsia picina), also known as the Philippine needletail, is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Philippine spine-tailed swift	Mearnsia
parent taxon	Diangathia bovifrons is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae.	Diangathia	Sclerosomatidae
parent taxon	Swinny's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus swinnyi) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Swinny's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Hesperolinon is a genus in the family Linaceae, whose common genus names are dwarf-flax or western flax, in reference to their distribution along the west coast of North America.	Hesperolinon	Linaceae
parent taxon	Ornithodoros is a genus in the soft-bodied tick family, Argasidae.	Ornithodoros	Argasidae
parent taxon	Glossata (Fabricius, 1775) is the suborder of the insect order Lepidoptera that includes all the superfamilies of moths and butterflies that have a coilable proboscis.	Glossata	Lepidoptera
parent taxon	The Bedriaga's rock lizard, Archaeolacerta bedriagae, is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Bedriaga's rock lizard	Archaeolacerta
parent taxon	Microstigmus is widely considered to be the only true eusocial species within the Crabronidae family.	Microstigmus	Crabronidae
parent taxon	Sudan plated lizard (Gerrhosaurus major), also known as the Western plated lizard, great plated lizard or rough-scaled plated Lizard is a lizard of the Gerrhosauridae family.	Sudan plated lizard	Gerrhosaurus
parent taxon	The Mascarene swiftlet (Aerodramus francicus) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Mascarene swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Dimorphoptychia is the type genus of the subfamily Dimorphoptychiinae, which is likewise fully extinct today.	Dimorphoptychia	Dimorphoptychiinae
parent taxon	The Columbellidae, the dove snails or dove shells, are a family of minute to small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Neogastropoda.	Columbellidae	Neogastropoda
parent taxon	Paraulopus is the only genus in the family Paraulopidae, a family of grinners in the order Aulopiformes.	Paraulopus	Paraulopidae
parent taxon	Androlepis is a genus of epiphytes in the botanical family Bromeliaceae, subfamily Bromelioideae, native to Central America and southern Mexico.	Androlepis	Bromelioideae
parent taxon	The Iago sparrow (Passer iagoensis), also known as the Cape Verde or rufous-backed sparrow, is a passerine bird of the sparrow family Passeridae.	Iago sparrow	Passer
parent taxon	Margaret's dragonet (Callionymus margaretae) is a species of dragonet native to the western Indian Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 22 to 107 metres (72 to 351 ft) on sandy or muddy substrates.	Margaret's dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	Holland's sportive lemur (Lepilemur hollandorum), or the Mananara-Nord sportive lemur, is a sportive lemur that is endemic to Madagascar.	Holland's sportive lemur	Lepilemur
parent taxon	The Ecuadorian trogon (Trogon mesurus) is a species of bird in the Trogonidae family.	Ecuadorian trogon	Trogon
parent taxon	Vindula, commonly called Cruisers, is a genus of butterflies of the subfamily Heliconiinae in the family Nymphalidae found in southeast Asia and Australia.	Vindula	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Haustellum is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Haustellum	Muricidae
parent taxon	The Chinese scrub vole, or Irene's mountain vole, (Neodon irene) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Chinese scrub vole	Neodon
parent taxon	Pyrrhocoroidea is a superfamily of true bugs in the infraorder Pentatomomorpha.	Pyrrhocoroidea	Pentatomomorpha
parent taxon	The Cameroon soft-furred mouse or Cameroon praomys (Praomys morio) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Cameroon soft-furred mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	The Saccharomycetaceae are a family of yeasts in the order Saccharomycetales that reproduce by budding.	Saccharomycetaceae	Saccharomycetales
parent taxon	The Large-toothed conger (Bathyuroconger vicinus, also known as the Largetooth conger or simply the Eel) is an eel in the family Congridae (conger/garden eels).	Large-toothed conger	Bathyuroconger
parent taxon	Tambja is a genus of colorful sea slugs, dorid nudibranchs, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Polyceridae.	Tambja	Polyceridae
parent taxon	The Arabian wheatear (Oenanthe lugentoides) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae.	Arabian wheatear	Oenanthe
parent taxon	Hymenocardia is a genus of trees in the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1836.	Hymenocardia	Phyllanthaceae
parent taxon	Stigmatopelia is a bird genus in the pigeon and dove family (Columbidae).	Stigmatopelia	pigeon
parent taxon	Macroplea is a genus of beetle of the subfamily Donaciinae in the family of leaf beetles.	Macroplea	Donaciinae
parent taxon	The Florida woods cockroach (Eurycotis floridana), palmetto bug, is a large species of cockroach which typically grows to a length of 30--40 mm (1.2--1.6 in).	Florida woods cockroach	Eurycotis
parent taxon	Falkenstein's greenbul (Chlorocichla falkensteini) also known as yellow-necked greenbul is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Falkenstein's greenbul	Chlorocichla
parent taxon	Cedecea is a genus of extremely rare bacteria of the family Enterobacteriaceae.	Cedecea	Enterobacteriaceae
parent taxon	Xylocaryon is an extinct plant genus in the family Proteaceae.	Xylocaryon	Proteaceae
parent taxon	The New Zealand grebe, New Zealand dabchick, or weweia (Poliocephalus rufopectus) is a member of the grebe family endemic to New Zealand.	New Zealand grebe	Poliocephalus
parent taxon	The Japanese squirrel (Sciurus lis) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Japan.	Japanese squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	Handley's slender opossum (Marmosops handleyi) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Handley's slender opossum	Marmosops
parent taxon	Henosferidae (also spelled ``Henospheridae'') is an extinct family of Australosphenida.	Henosferidae	Australosphenida
parent taxon	The Italian pool frog (Pelophylax bergeri) is a species of frog in the family Ranidae.	Italian pool frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	Incoltorrida madagassica is a species of beetle in the family Torridincolidae, the only species in the genus Incoltorrida.	Incoltorrida	Torridincolidae
parent taxon	Hyalinobatrachinae is a subfamily of glass frogs (family Centrolenidae) that was established in 2009.	Hyalinobatrachinae	Centrolenidae
parent taxon	The Seychelles bronze gecko (Ailuronyx seychellensis) is a species of lizard in the Gekkonidae family endemic to Seychelles.	Seychelles bronze gecko	Ailuronyx
parent taxon	Macrostelini is a tribe in the Deltocephalinae subfamily of leafhoppers.	Macrostelini	Deltocephalinae
parent taxon	Glyphodactyla femoralis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Glyphodactyla.	Glyphodactyla	Carabidae
parent taxon	Hammatoceratidae is a family of middle Jurassic ammonites included in the superfamily Hammatoceratoidea.	Hammatoceratidae	Hammatoceratoidea
parent taxon	Castela is a genus of thorny shrubs and small trees in the family Simaroubaceae.	Castela	Simaroubaceae
parent taxon	Axelrod's rainbowfish (Chilatherina axelrodi) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Axelrod's rainbowfish	Chilatherina
parent taxon	Dennstaedtiaceae is one of fifteen families in the order Polypodiales, the most derived families within monilophytes (ferns).	Dennstaedtiaceae	Polypodiales
parent taxon	Acorimus problematicus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Acorimus.	Acorimus	Silvanidae
parent taxon	Gervais's fruit-eating bat (Artibeus cinereus) is a bat species from South and Central America.	Gervais's fruit-eating bat	Artibeus
parent taxon	The Guadalcanal thrush (Zoothera turipavae) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae.	Guadalcanal thrush	Zoothera
parent taxon	Japanolaccophilus niponensis is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Japanolaccophilus.	Japanolaccophilus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Lialis is a genus of lizards in the family Pygopodidae, with two member species in this genus.	Lialis	Pygopodidae
parent taxon	Xainzanoceras, defined by Chen, 1987, is a nautiloid cephalopod from the Upper Ordovician of China, assigned to the tarphyceratid family Lituitidae.	Xainzanoceras	Lituitidae
parent taxon	Triuridopsis is a genus of parasitic flowering plants in the family Triuridaceae.	Triuridopsis	Triuridaceae
parent taxon	Hypomesus is a genus of smelts (Osmeridae), consisting of five species found in the northern hemisphere.	Hypomesus	Osmeridae
parent taxon	Hepatella is a genus of crabs in the family Aethridae, containing the following species: † Hepatella amazonica Beurlen, 1958 (Lower Miocene) Hepatella amica Smith, 1869 Hepatella peruviana Rathbun, 1933	Hepatella	Aethridae
parent taxon	Sanford's white-eye (Woodfordia lacertosa) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Sanford's white-eye	Woodfordia
parent taxon	Neoraja is a genus of fish in the Rajidae family found in the Atlantic Ocean.	Neoraja	Rajidae
parent taxon	Cyclanorbis is a genus of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family.	Cyclanorbis	Trionychidae
parent taxon	Subsequently it was found (Xie et al., 2009) that Rehmannia and Triaenophora are jointly the sister group to Lindenbergia and the parasitic Orobanchaceae.	Rehmannia	Orobanchaceae
parent taxon	Platycerioideae is a subfamily of the Polypodiaceae family of ferns.	Platycerioideae	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	Planchonia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Lecythidaceae first described as a genus in 1851.	Planchonia	Lecythidaceae
parent taxon	Bathyphytophilus is a genus of very small, deep water sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Bathyphytophilidae, the false limpets.	Bathyphytophilus	Bathyphytophilidae
parent taxon	Eotomarioidea is an extinct superfamily of small to large sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda.	Eotomarioidea	Vetigastropoda
parent taxon	Newton's parakeet or the Rodrigues parakeet (Psittacula exsul) is an extinct species of parrot that was endemic to the Mascarene island of Rodrigues in the western Indian Ocean.	Newton's parakeet	Psittacula
parent taxon	The Mokanga forest tree frog, Leptopelis fiziensis, is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Tanzania, and possibly Burundi.	Mokanga forest tree frog	Leptopelis
parent taxon	Kellen's dormouse (Graphiurus kelleni) is a species of rodent in the family Gliridae.	Kellen's dormouse	Graphiurus
parent taxon	Philorene texturata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Skeneidae.	Philorene texturata	Skeneidae
parent taxon	Tetrasiphon is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the family Celastraceae containing the single species Tetrasiphon jamaicensis.	Tetrasiphon	Celastraceae
parent taxon	The Cretzschmar's bunting (Emberiza caesia) is a passerine bird in the bunting family Emberizidae, a group now separated by most modern authors from the finches, Fringillidae.	Cretzschmar's bunting	Emberiza
parent taxon	Chelmonops is a genus of tropical fish in the family Chaetodontidae.	Chelmonops	Chaetodontidae
parent taxon	Pycnoptychia is a genus of a land snails, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Urocoptidae.	Pycnoptychia	Urocoptidae
parent taxon	Berryteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Gonatidae, comprising two known species.	Berryteuthis	Gonatidae
parent taxon	The La Hotte bush frog or Baker's robber frog (Eleutherodactylus bakeri) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Hotte in southwestern Haiti.	La Hotte bush frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Loxogrammoideae is a small subfamily of the Polypodiaceae family of ferns.	Loxogrammoideae	Polypodiaceae
parent taxon	Biretia is an extinct genus of Old World monkey, belonging to the extinct family Parapithecidae.	Biretia	Parapithecidae
parent taxon	Idrissia is a primitive genus of the order Stomiiformes, and is an extinct relative of marine hatchetfish and viperfish.	Idrissia	Stomiiformes
parent taxon	The Oita salamander (Hynobius dunni) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan.	Oita salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	The Cape caco or Cape dainty frog (Cacosternum capense) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Cape caco	Cacosternum
parent taxon	King penguin, Aptenodytes patagonicus Emperor penguin, Aptenodytes forsteri Ridgen's penguin (Aptenodytes ridgeni) is an extinct species known from fossil bones of Early or Late Pliocene age.	Aptenodytes	penguin
parent taxon	Pareiorhina forms a monophyletic subunit with Neoplecostomus within the paraphyletic subfamily Neoplecostominae.	Pareiorhina	Neoplecostominae
parent taxon	Xylocopa dejeanii, or Xylocopa (Zonohirsuta) dejeanii, is a species of carpenter bee.	Xylocopa dejeanii	carpenter bee
parent taxon	Iophanus is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae.	Iophanus	Lycaenidae
parent taxon	Baeopogon is a genus of songbird in the bulbul family Pycnonotidae.	Baeopogon	Pycnonotidae
parent taxon	The Alabama moccasinshell (Medionidus acutissimus) is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Alabama moccasinshell	Medionidus
parent taxon	Chudeau's spiny mouse (Acomys chudeaui) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae found in Mauritania and Morocco.	Chudeau's spiny mouse	Acomys
parent taxon	Flacillula is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with five described species that occur in the Southeast Asian region.	Flacillula	Salticidae
parent taxon	The Rodrigues starling (Necropsar rodericanus) is an extinct species of starling that was endemic to the Mascarene island of Rodrigues.	Rodrigues starling	Necropsar
parent taxon	Dorstenieae is a tribe within the plant family Moraceae.	Dorstenieae	Moraceae
parent taxon	The European roller (Coracias garrulus) is the only member of the roller family of birds to breed in Europe.	European roller	Coracias
parent taxon	Among the Opisthothelae, the fangs of the Mygalomorphae point straight down in front of the mouth aperture and only allow the spider to grasp its prey from above and below, whereas in the Araneomorphae they face one another like pincers, allowing a firmer grip.	Opisthothelae	spider
parent taxon	Macellocerus is a genus of darkling beetles in the subfamily Tenebrioninae.	Macellocerus	Tenebrioninae
parent taxon	The Empress of Germany's bird of paradise, Paradisaea raggiana augustavictoriae, is a large, up to 34 cm long, maroon brown bird in the family Paradisaeidae, one of three families of birds known as birds of paradise.	Empress of Germany's bird of paradise	Paradisaea raggiana
parent taxon	Dromornis are part of a family of giant birds called Dromornithidae that lived from 8 million years ago until less than 30,000 years ago.	Dromornis	Dromornithidae
parent taxon	The Grenada flycatcher (Myiarchus nugator) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Grenada flycatcher	Myiarchus
parent taxon	Cimrmanium angulinotum is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Cimrmanium.	Cimrmanium	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Redeye bass (Micropterus coosae) is a species of freshwater fish in the sunfish family (Centrarchidae) native to the Coosa River system of Georgia, Alabama.	Redeye bass	Micropterus
parent taxon	Andersen's naked-backed fruit bat or Andersen's bare-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia anderseni) is a large cave-dwelling species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Andersen's naked-backed fruit bat	Dobsonia
parent taxon	The Rachel's malimbe (Malimbus racheliae) is a species of bird in the Ploceidae family.	Rachel's malimbe	Malimbus
parent taxon	Acmispon rigidus (formerly Lotus rigidus), shrubby deervetch or desert rock-pea, is a perennial flowering plant in pea family (Fabaceae) found in the Mojave Desert and Sonoran Desert.	Acmispon rigidus	Lotus
parent taxon	Afrothorictus latus is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Afrothorictus.	Afrothorictus	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Turati's boubou (Laniarius turatii) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family.	Turati's boubou	Laniarius
parent taxon	Metasphecia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species, Metasphecia vuilleti, which is known from Senegal.	Metasphecia	Sesiidae
parent taxon	Aplocera is a genus of moth of the family Geometridae.	Aplocera	Geometridae
parent taxon	The African harrier-hawk, harrier hawk, or gymnogene (Polyboroides typus) is a bird of prey.	African harrier-hawk	Polyboroides
parent taxon	Bcep78likevirus is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae, not assigned to a subfamily.	Bcep78likevirus	Myoviridae
parent taxon	The Chinanteca salamander (Bolitoglossa chinanteca) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Chinanteca salamander	Bolitoglossa
parent taxon	Episacus pilosicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Episacus.	Episacus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Pareuthria is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Pareuthria	Buccinidae
parent taxon	Rhizoprionodon is a genus of requiem sharks, and part of the family Carcharhinidae, commonly known as sharpnose sharks because of their long, pointed snouts.	Rhizoprionodon	Carcharhinidae
parent taxon	Perissostomus palpalis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Perissostomus.	Perissostomus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Drascalia praelonga is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Drascalia.	Drascalia	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Cypraeoidea, the cowries and cowry allies, is a superfamily of sea snails, marine gastropods included in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Cypraeoidea	Littorinimorpha
parent taxon	The Eyres skink, Oligosoma repens, is a nationally vulnerable species of skink native to New Zealand.	Eyres skink	Oligosoma
parent taxon	Speke's pectinator or Speke's gundi (Pectinator spekei) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae.	Speke's pectinator	Pectinator
parent taxon	The Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus or Cypriot pygmy hippopotamus (Hippopotamus minor) is an extinct species of hippopotamus that inhabited the island of Cyprus until the early Holocene.	Cyprus dwarf hippopotamus	Hippopotamus
parent taxon	The Elgon shrew (Crocidura elgonius) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Elgon shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Blepharipodidae is a family of sand crabs (Hippoidea), comprising the two genera Blepharipoda and Lophomastix.	Blepharipodidae	Hippoidea
parent taxon	The Albanian water frog (Pelophylax shqipericus) is a species of true frog (family Ranidae) and is native to Albania and Montenegro.	Albanian water frog	Pelophylax
parent taxon	Sykes's nightjar or the Sindh nightjar (Caprimulgus mahrattensis) is a nightjar species found in South Asia.	Sykes's nightjar	Caprimulgus
parent taxon	Dietes is a genus of rhizomatous plants of the family Iridaceae, first described as a genus in 1866.	Dietes	Iridaceae
parent taxon	The Bonneville whitefish (Prosopium spilonotus) is a salmonid fish endemic to Bear Lake on the Utah-Idaho border.	Bonneville whitefish	Prosopium
parent taxon	Vasinae, common name the vase snails or vase shells, are a taxonomic subfamily of large predatory sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the family Turbinellidae.	Vasinae	Turbinellidae
parent taxon	Balticeras is an involute, discoidal Upper Jurassic (Oxfordian) ammonite (order Ammonitida) found in England, Germany, and Switzerland, belonging to the Perisphinctidae.	Balticeras	Perisphinctidae
parent taxon	The Bornean bulbul (Pycnonotus montis) is a member of the bulbul family of passerine birds.	Bornean bulbul	Pycnonotus
parent taxon	The Philippine long-fingered bat (Miniopterus paululus) is a species of bat from the family Miniopteridae.	Philippine long-fingered bat	Miniopterus
parent taxon	Velinda lirata is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Velinda.	Velinda	Carabidae
parent taxon	Thysanozoon is a genus of polyclad flatworms belonging to the family Pseudocerotidae.	Thysanozoon	Pseudocerotidae
parent taxon	The Foettingeriidae are a family of apostome ciliates of the order Apostomatida.	Foettingeriidae	Apostomatida
parent taxon	The Bokhara horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus bocharicus) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Bokhara horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Rhabdotus reflexus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Rhabdotus.	Rhabdotus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Periplomatidae is a family of large marine bivalves of the Pholadomyoida order.	Periplomatidae	Pholadomyoida
parent taxon	The American rubyspot (Hetaerina americana) is a damselfly of the family Calopterygidae.	American rubyspot	Hetaerina
parent taxon	Cymbocarpa is a genus of flowering plants in the Burmanniaceae, first described as a genus in 1840.	Cymbocarpa	Burmanniaceae
parent taxon	Abyssochrysos is a genus of bathyal sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Abyssochrysidae.	Abyssochrysos	Abyssochrysidae
parent taxon	Molinadendron is a genus of the Hamamelidaceae family, order Saxifragales, containing three reported species:	Molinadendron	Hamamelidaceae
parent taxon	Woodford's rail (Nesoclopeus woodfordi) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Woodford's rail	Nesoclopeus
parent taxon	Wielandomyces is a fungal genus the family Bolbitiaceae.	Wielandomyces	Bolbitiaceae
parent taxon	Acteocina is a genus of very small sea snails, bubble snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Cylichnidae, the canoe bubbles or chalice bubble snails.	Acteocina	Cylichnidae
parent taxon	The Bahia heart-tongued frog, Phyllodytes melanomystax, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Brazil.	Bahia heart-tongued frog	Phyllodytes
parent taxon	Roig's pericote or Roig's chaco mouse (Andalgalomys roigi) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Roig's pericote	Andalgalomys
parent taxon	The Taliabu masked owl (Tyto nigrobrunnea), also known as the Taliabu owl, or the Sula Islands barn owl, is an owl in the barn owl family, Tytonidae.	Taliabu masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	Cetimaique trinodosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Cetimaique.	Cetimaique	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Baeckea is a genus of flowering plants in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Baeckea	Myrtaceae
parent taxon	Melanodrymiidae is a family of gastropods belonging to the superfamily Neomphaloidea This family has no subfamilies.	Melanodrymiidae	Neomphaloidea
parent taxon	Callionymus muscatensis, the Muscat dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the southern portions of the Red sea and the Gulf of Oman.	Muscat dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	Entalinidae is a family of tusk shells, marine scaphopod mollusks in the order Gadilida.	Entalinidae	Gadilida
parent taxon	The Nightingale Island finch (Nesospiza questi) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae (formerly in Emberizidae).	Nightingale Island finch	Nesospiza
parent taxon	The Lesser Cuban nesophontes (Nesophontes submicrus) is an extinct species of soricomorph of the genus Nesophontes.	Lesser Cuban nesophontes	Nesophontes
parent taxon	Euopisthobranchia is a taxonomic clade of snails and slugs in the clade Heterobranchia within the clade Euthyneura.	Euopisthobranchia	Euthyneura
parent taxon	The Argentine angelshark (Squatina argentina) is an angel shark of the family Squatinidae.	Argentine angelshark	Squatina
parent taxon	Dicrostonychini is a tribe of lemmings in the subfamily Arvicolinae.	Dicrostonychini	Arvicolinae
parent taxon	Heaviside's dolphin (Cephalorhynchus heavisidii), sometimes called Haviside's dolphin after its discoverer, is a small dolphin found off the coast of Namibia and the west coast of South Africa.	Heaviside's dolphin	Cephalorhynchus
parent taxon	Calcaritermes is a genus of termites in the Kalotermitidae family.	Calcaritermes	Kalotermitidae
parent taxon	Stypopodium is a genus of thalloid brown alga in the family Dictyotaceae.	Stypopodium	Dictyotaceae
parent taxon	Hantaviruses are single-stranded, enveloped, negative sense RNA viruses in the Bunyaviridae family.	Hantavirus	Bunyaviridae
parent taxon	Lithagonum annulicorne is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Lithagonum.	Lithagonum	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Maori cod (Paranotothenia magellanica), also known as Magellanic rockcod, blue notothenia or orange throat notothen, is a species of cod icefish native to the Southern Ocean.	Maori cod	Paranotothenia
parent taxon	The Hole-in-the-head frog (Huia cavitympanum) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family.	Hole-in-the-head frog	Huia
parent taxon	Schneider's leaf-nosed bat or Schneider's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros speoris) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Schneider's leaf-nosed bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Neozavrelia is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Chironominae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Neozavrelia	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Hydrophis nigrocinctus is a species of marine venomous snakes Elapidae (Hydrophiinae-sea snake) and Disteira nigrocincta is its synonym.	Disteira nigrocincta	Hydrophis
parent taxon	Acrorumohra is a fern genus in family Dryopteridaceae.	Acrorumohra	Dryopteridaceae
parent taxon	Anostoma, common name the up-mouth snails, is a genus of tropical air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Odontostomidae.	Anostoma	Odontostomidae
parent taxon	Inyoites is an ammonoid genus from the Lower Triassic, included in the ceratitid family Inyoitidae.	Inyoites	Inyoitidae
parent taxon	Lipandra polysperma (Syn. Chenopodium polyspermum), common name manyseed goosefoot, is the only species of the monotypic plant genus Lipandra from the subfamily Chenopodioideae in the Amaranthaceae family.	Lipandra	Chenopodium
parent taxon	Dolichocis is a genus of tree-fungus beetle in the family Ciidae.	Dolichocis	Ciidae
parent taxon	Burmese trout (Raiamas guttatus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Raiamas.	Burmese trout	Raiamas
parent taxon	The Bocharic myotis or Bokhara whiskered bat (Myotis bucharensis) is a species of mouse-eared bat in the family Vespertilionidae, described in 1950, and indigenous to Afghanistan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan.	Bocharic myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	Chologaster cornuta, commonly named swampfish, ricefish, or riceditch killifish, is a freshwater fish of the family Amblyopsidae.	Chologaster cornuta	Amblyopsidae
parent taxon	Collie's squirrel (Sciurus colliaei) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to Mexico.	Collie's squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	The Jelski's chat-tyrant (Ochthoeca jelskii) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Jelski's chat-tyrant	Ochthoeca
parent taxon	Juglandinae is a subtribe of the Juglandeae tribe, of the Juglandoideae subfamily, in the Juglandaceae family.	Juglandinae	Juglandeae
parent taxon	Hibbertia, or Guinea flower, is a genus of trees, shrubs, trailing shrubs and climbers of the family Dilleniaceae.	Hibbertia	Dilleniaceae
parent taxon	Rudarius ercodes D. S. Jordan & Fowler, 1902 (Whitespotted pygmy filefish) Rudarius excelsus Hutchins, 1977 (Diamond leatherjacket) Rudarius minutus J. C. Tyler, 1970 (Minute leatherjacket)	Rudarius	filefish
parent taxon	Castanospora is a monotypic genus of trees, constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae.	Castanospora	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	Dichroa is a genus of 12 species of flowering plants in the family Hydrangeaceae, native to eastern and southeastern Asia.	Dichroa	Hydrangeaceae
parent taxon	The Bennett's stingray or frilltailed stingray (Dasyatis bennetti, often misspelled benetti or bennettii) is a little-known species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae, with a wide but ill-defined distribution in the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Bennett's stingray	Dasyatis
parent taxon	The Trinidad spiny rat (Proechimys trinitatus) is a species of rodent in the family Echimyidae.	Trinidad spiny rat	Proechimys
parent taxon	The Chiala mountain salamander (Batrachuperus karlschmidti) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to China and known from northwestern Sichuan, northeastern Tibet, and southeastern Gansu.	Chiala mountain salamander	Batrachuperus
parent taxon	Sabatia, the rose gentians, is a genus of about 20 species of flowering plants in the family Gentianaceae, native to eastern and central North America (Nova Scotia west to Wisconsin and New Mexico, and south to Florida and Texas), Central America, and the Caribbean.	Sabatia	Gentianaceae
parent taxon	Callionymus mascarenus, the Mauritius dragonet, is a species of dragonet endemic to the Indian Ocean waters around Mauritius.	Mauritius dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	Apterocaulus heterogama is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Apterocaulus.	Apterocaulus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	FAMILY CERCOPITHECIDAE Subfamily Cercopithecinae Tribe Cercopithecini Tribe Papionini Genus Macaca - macaques Genus Lophocebus - crested mangabeys Genus Rungwecebus - highland mangabey Genus Papio - baboons Genus Theropithecus - gelada Genus Cercocebus - white-eyelid mangabeys Genus Mandrillus - drill and mandrill Fossil genera Genus Dinopithecus Genus Gorgopithecus Genus Paradolichopithecus Genus Parapapio Genus Procynocephalus	Papionini	Cercopithecinae
parent taxon	Itilochelys is an extinct genus of sea turtle in the family Cheloniidae containing the single species Itilochelys rasstrigin.	Itilochelys	Cheloniidae
parent taxon	Hydrothrix is a monotypic flowering plant genus in the family Pontederiaceae.	Hydrothrix	Pontederiaceae
parent taxon	Plains coreopsis, garden tickseed, golden tickseed, or calliopsis, Coreopsis tinctoria, is an annual forb.	Plains coreopsis	Coreopsis
parent taxon	Catacroptera is a monotypic genus of butterflies of the subfamily Nymphalinae in the family Nymphalidae found in Africa.	Catacroptera	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Blyth's horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus lepidus) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Blyth's horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Alopochen is a genus of the bird family Anatidae, part of the subfamily Tadorninae along with the shelducks.	Alopochen	Tadorninae
parent taxon	Chascanopsetta is a genus of flatfish in the family Bothidae (lefteye flounders) found in deeper parts of the Pacific and Indian Oceans with a single species, C. lugubris also occurring in the Atlantic Ocean.	Chascanopsetta	Bothidae
parent taxon	Leurocycloceras was assigned to Orthocerida by Sepkoski (2002).	Leurocycloceras	Orthocerida
parent taxon	Westonoceratidae are exogastric, mostly compressed, Discosorida of moderate size from the Middle Ordovician to the Lower Silurian.	Westonoceratidae	Discosorida
parent taxon	Saint Vincent's bush anole or the Trinidad anole (Anolis trinitatis) is a species of anole lizard found in the Caribbean.	Saint Vincent's bush anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Stesichora is a genus of moth of subfamily Microniinae of Family Uraniidae.	Stesichora	Microniinae
parent taxon	Oplopanax is a small genus of flowering plants in the family Araliaceae, consisting of three species of deciduous shrubs, native to western North America and northeastern Asia.	Oplopanax	Araliaceae
parent taxon	The Javan mastiff bat (Otomops formosus) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae endemic to Indonesia.	Javan mastiff bat	Otomops
parent taxon	Goniatitinae is one of six subfamilies into which the Goniatitidae is subdivided according to Miller, Furnish, and Schindewolf, 1957.	Goniatitinae	Goniatitidae
parent taxon	Baurusuchinae is one of two subfamilies of Baurusuchidae, the other being Pissarrachampsinae.	Baurusuchinae	Baurusuchidae
parent taxon	The Viverrinae represent the largest subfamily within the Viverridae comprising five genera, which are subdivided into 22 species native to Africa and Southeast Asia.	Viverrinae	Viverridae
parent taxon	The Palawan striped babbler (Zosterornis hypogrammicus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Palawan striped babbler	Zosterornis
parent taxon	The Sri Lankan junglefowl (Gallus lafayettii), also known as the Ceylon junglefowl, is a member of the Galliformes bird order which is endemic to Sri Lanka, where it is the national bird.	Sri Lankan junglefowl	Gallus
parent taxon	Forsterygion gymnotum, known commonly as the Tasmanian robust triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Forsterygion.	Tasmanian robust triplefin	Forsterygion
parent taxon	The Pixie Grape is a new type of Vitis vinifera cultivar.	Pixie Grape	Vitis
parent taxon	The Mindanao horned frog or Southeast Asian horned toad (Megophrys stejnegeri) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Mindanao horned frog	Megophrys
parent taxon	Pachylebia pallipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pachylebia.	Pachylebia	Carabidae
parent taxon	Gigantophis is classified as a member of the extinct family Madtsoiidae.	Gigantophis	Madtsoiidae
parent taxon	The Leopard tortoise (Stigmochelys pardalis) is a large and attractively marked tortoise found in the savannas of Eastern and Southern Africa, from Sudan to the southern Cape.	Leopard tortoise	Stigmochelys
parent taxon	The Rio Grande monkeyface (Quadrula couchiana) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Rio Grande monkeyface	Quadrula
parent taxon	Wollaston's roundleaf bat (Hipposideros wollastoni) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Wollaston's roundleaf bat	Hipposideros
parent taxon	Sufflamen albicaudatum Rüppell, 1829 (Bluethroat triggerfish) Sufflamen bursa Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801 (Boomerang triggerfish) Sufflamen chrysopterum Bloch & J. G. Schneider, 1801 (Halfmoon triggerfish) Sufflamen fraenatum Latreille, 1804 (Masked triggerfish) Sufflamen verres C. H. Gilbert & Starks, 1904 (Orangeside triggerfish)	Sufflamen	triggerfish
parent taxon	The Asteriidae are a diverse family of Asteroidea (sea stars) in the order Forcipulatida.	Asteriidae	Forcipulatida
parent taxon	Blind cave loach (Nemacheilus troglocataractus) is a species of troglobitic stone loach endemic to Thailand.	Blind cave loach	Nemacheilus
parent taxon	Nalpaumia septemstriata is a species of beetle in the family Latridiidae, the only species in the genus Nalpaumia.	Nalpaumia	Latridiidae
parent taxon	Floridobia is a genus of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic gastropod molluscs or micromolluscs in the family Hydrobiidae, the mud snails.	Floridobia	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	The Spix's spinetail (Synallaxis spixi), also known as the Chicli spinetail, is a bird in the ovenbird family.	Spix's spinetail	Synallaxis
parent taxon	Anaudia is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species, Anaudia felderi, which is known from Botswana.	Anaudia	Sesiidae
parent taxon	The Fraser fir, Abies fraseri, is a species of fir native to the Appalachian Mountains of the Southeastern United States.	Fraser fir	Abies
parent taxon	The Yankari shrew (Crocidura yankariensis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Yankari shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Helcogramma decurrens, known commonly as the Black-throated triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.	Black-throated triplefin	Helcogramma
parent taxon	Hill's shrew (Crocidura hilliana) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Hill's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Guam flycatcher or Guam broadbill (Myiagra freycineti) was a species of bird in the Monarchidae family.	Guam flycatcher	Myiagra
parent taxon	Reflectopallium is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, specifically leaf-veined slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Athoracophoridae.	Reflectopallium	Athoracophoridae
parent taxon	The Equisetopsida were formerly regarded as a separate division of spore plants and also called Equisetophyta, Arthrophyta or Sphenophyta; today they have been recognized as rather close relatives of the typical ferns (Pteridopsida) and form a specialized lineage of the Pteridophyta.	Equisetopsida	ferns
parent taxon	The Paraguayan fat-tailed mouse opossum (Thylamys macrurus) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae.	Paraguayan fat-tailed mouse opossum	Thylamys
parent taxon	Trachelophorus is a genus of weevils in the leaf-rolling weevil family Attelabidae.	Trachelophorus	Attelabidae
parent taxon	Callionymus reticulatus, the Reticulated dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea where it is found at depths of from 0 to 110 metres (0 to 361 ft).	Reticulated dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	De Witte's clawed frog, Xenopus wittei, is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Rwanda, Uganda, and possibly Burundi.	De Witte's clawed frog	Xenopus
parent taxon	The Culicinae are the most extensive subfamily of mosquitoes (Culicidae) and have species in every continent except Antarctica, but are highly concentrated in tropical areas.	Culicinae	Culicidae
parent taxon	The Cameroon racer, Poecilopholis cameronensis, is a species of fangless venomous snake endemic to Africa.	Cameroon racer	Poecilopholis
parent taxon	The Ryukyu black-breasted leaf turtle or Ryukyu leaf turtle, Geoemyda japonica, is a species of turtles in the family Geoemydidae (formerly Bataguridae) endemic to the Ryukyu Islands in Japan.	Ryukyu black-breasted leaf turtle	Geoemyda
parent taxon	Bismarck's trumpet-eared bat (Kerivoula myrella) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae.	Bismarck's trumpet-eared bat	Kerivoula
parent taxon	The Chlorellales are an order of green algae in the class Trebouxiophyceae.	Chlorellales	Trebouxiophyceae
parent taxon	C2likevirus (synonyms c2-like viruses, c2-like phages) is a genus of viruses in the family Siphoviridae, unassigned to a sub-family.	C2likevirus	Siphoviridae
parent taxon	Austroraphidia is an extinct genus of snakefly in the family of Baissopteridae.	Austroraphidia	Baissopteridae
parent taxon	The Siamese mud carp (Henicorhynchus siamensis) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish, a variety of Asian carp native to the Mekong and Chao Phraya Rivers in Southeast Asia, especially in Cambodia, Laos and Thailand.	Siamese mud carp	Henicorhynchus
parent taxon	Streptoprocne is a genus of swifts in the Apodidae family.	Streptoprocne	Apodidae
parent taxon	Megacamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore in the family Camelidae, endemic to North America from the Miocene through Pliocene 10.3--4.9 mya, existing for approximately 5.4 million years.	Megacamelus	Camelidae
parent taxon	The Andean negrito (Lessonia oreas) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.	Andean negrito	Lessonia
parent taxon	Peters' platanna (Xenopus petersii) is a species of frog in the Pipidae family found in Angola, Botswana, the Republic of the Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, Namibia, Zambia, Zimbabwe, and possibly Tanzania.	Peters' platanna	Xenopus
parent taxon	Mapinguari desvauxianus was long known by the name Maxillaria desvauxiana Rchb.f.	Mapinguari desvauxianus	Maxillaria
parent taxon	Sugarcane smut is a fungal disease of sugarcane caused by the fungus Sporisorium scitamineum.	Sugarcane smut	Sporisorium
parent taxon	Junaphaenops tumidipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Junaphaenops.	Junaphaenops	Carabidae
parent taxon	Tullberg's woodpecker (Campethera tullbergi) is a species of bird in the Picidae family.	Tullberg's woodpecker	Campethera
parent taxon	The Angolan slender mongoose (Galerella flavescens) is a mongoose that lives in southern Africa, specifically Angola and Namibia.	Angolan slender mongoose	Galerella
parent taxon	Tapirus kabomani (also known as the little black tapir or kabomani tapir) is one of five extant species of tapir, large browsing mammals similar in shape to a pig.	Tapirus kabomani	tapir
parent taxon	Arenivaga is a genus of sand cockroaches, of the subfamily Polyphaginae, in the family Polyphagidae.	Arenivaga	Polyphagidae
parent taxon	The Texas alligator lizard (Gerrhonotus infernalis) is a species of lizard in the subfamily Gerrhonotinae found in the central region of the American state of Texas, and south into Mexico.	Texas alligator lizard	Gerrhonotus
parent taxon	Trichosilia was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a subgenus of Feltia.	Trichosilia	Noctuidae
parent taxon	Moltoni's warbler (Sylvia subalpina) is a small typical warbler which breeds in Italy, Sardinia, southern France, southern Spain, and the Balearic Islands.	Moltoni's warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	Aphelenchoidinae is a nematode sub family in the family Aphelenchoididae.	Aphelenchoidinae	Aphelenchoididae
parent taxon	Indeed, some molecular datasets plot Solenogastres as an outgroup to Mollusca.	Solenogastres	Mollusca
parent taxon	The affinities of the family Burlingiidae to which Schmalenseeia has been assigned remain uncertain.	Schmalenseeia	Burlingiidae
parent taxon	The Somalia catfish (Bagrus urostigma) is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the family Bagridae.	Somalia catfish	Bagrus
parent taxon	Lachenus impunctipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Lachenus.	Lachenus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Waterberg flat lizard (Platysaurus minor) is a species of lizard in the Cordylidae family.	Waterberg flat lizard	Platysaurus
parent taxon	The Cordillera ground warbler, also known as Rabor's wren-babbler, and Luzon wren-babbler (Robsonius rabori) is a species of bird currently placed in the Locustellidae family.	Cordillera ground warbler	Robsonius
parent taxon	The Brazilian yellow-toothed cavy, Galea flavidens, is a cavy species from South America.	Brazilian yellow-toothed cavy	Galea
parent taxon	Cercamoniinae is a subfamily within the extinct primate family Notharctidae primarily found in Europe, although a few genera have been found in North America and Africa.	Cercamoniinae	Notharctidae
parent taxon	Microderoceras is a flat sided, evolute, radially ribbed Lower Jurassic ammonite belonging to the ammonitid family Eoderoceratidae and superfamily Eoderocerataceae.	Microderoceras	Eoderoceratidae
parent taxon	Coniogramme is one of three genera in the Cryptogrammoideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae family of ferns.	Coniogramme	Cryptogrammoideae
parent taxon	Robynsiophyton vanderystii is a species of flowering plants in the legume family, Fabaceae.	Robynsiophyton	Fabaceae
parent taxon	Kharmerungulatum is an extinct genus of Condylarth from the Late Cretaceous (Maastrichtian) Intertrappean Beds of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kharmerungulatum	Condylarth
parent taxon	Cephetola nigra, Bethune-Baker's Epitola, is a butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Cephetola nigra	Epitola
parent taxon	The South American pilchard (Sardinops sagax) is a sardine of the Family Clupeidae, the only member of the genus Sardinops.	South American pilchard	Sardinops
parent taxon	Setaro's dwarf chameleon (Bradypodion setaroi) is a species of lizard in the Chamaeleonidae family.	Setaro's dwarf chameleon	Bradypodion
parent taxon	The Amsterdam wigeon (Anas marecula), also known as the Amsterdam Island duck or Amsterdam duck, was a species of anatid waterfowl, endemic to Île Amsterdam (Amsterdam Island), French Southern Territories.	Amsterdam wigeon	Anas
parent taxon	The Indian longtailed sand-eel (Bascanichthys deraniyagalai) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Indian longtailed sand-eel	Bascanichthys
parent taxon	Blue lyretail (Fundulopanchax gardneri), also known as steel-blue aphyosemion and Gardner's killi.	Blue lyretail	Fundulopanchax
parent taxon	The Colubrariidae are a taxonomic family of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Buccinoidea.	Colubrariidae	Buccinoidea
parent taxon	The Atlantic lizardfish (Synodus saurus), is a species of lizardfish that primarily lives in the Eastern Atlantic.	Atlantic lizardfish	Synodus
parent taxon	The Halcyon horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus alcyone) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Halcyon horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	Arctiites is an extinct genus of moth in the family Arctiidae.	Arctiites	Arctiidae
parent taxon	Echinorhinus is the only extant genus in the family Echinorhinidae.	Echinorhinus	Echinorhinidae
parent taxon	Deoterthridae is a family of crustaceans in the subclass Tantulocarida, classified under the class Maxillopoda.	Deoterthridae	Tantulocarida
parent taxon	Myrmicini is a tribe of ants in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Myrmicini	Myrmicinae
parent taxon	According to Teichert, 1964, in the Treatise part K, Monocyrtoceras along with Elrodoceras and Armenoceras forms one of the two branches of the Armenoceratidae.	Monocyrtoceras	Armenoceratidae
parent taxon	The Ukinga girdled lizard (Cordylus ukingensis) is a poorly known species of girdled lizard from central Tanzania.	Ukinga girdled lizard	Cordylus
parent taxon	Crocoideae is one of the major subfamilies in the Iridaceae family.	Crocoideae	Iridaceae
parent taxon	Chionographis is a genus of plants in the Melanthiaceae first described as a genus in 1867.	Chionographis	Melanthiaceae
parent taxon	Stuckenia pectinata (syn. Potamogeton pectinatus), commonly called sago pondweed or fennel pondweed, and sometimes called ribbon weed, is a cosmopolitan water plant species that grows in fresh and brackish water on all continents except Antarctica.	Stuckenia pectinata	Potamogeton
parent taxon	The Rodrigues warbler (Acrocephalus rodericanus) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family.	Rodrigues warbler	Acrocephalus
parent taxon	Parictis is the earliest genus of bear known.	Parictis	bear
parent taxon	The Chinese nuthatch or snowy-browed nuthatch (Sitta villosa) is a species of bird in the Sittidae family.	Chinese nuthatch	Sitta
parent taxon	Watts' Anole (Anolis wattsi) is a species of anole lizard that is endemic to the Caribbean Lesser Antilles.	Watts' Anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Xerophyta is a plant genus in the family Velloziaceae described as a genus in 1789.	Xerophyta	Velloziaceae
parent taxon	Aelurodon is an extinct canine genus of the subfamily Borophaginae which lived from the Barstovian land mammal age (16 mya) of the middle Miocene to the late Miocene (5.332 mya).	Aelurodon	Borophaginae
parent taxon	The Chorla giant striped caecilian, Ichthyophis davidi, is a new caecilian species of India discovered in Chorla, a village situated on the borders of Goa, Maharashtra, and Karnataka in the Mhadei region of India.	Chorla giant striped caecilian	Ichthyophis
parent taxon	Perkinsocerasis an endocerid genus from the Middle Ordovician (Chazyan) of Champlain Valley established by Flower in 1976, which he added to his Allotrioceratidae based on certain similarities to Williamsoceras and Cacheoceras which had been added previously.	Perkinsoceras	Allotrioceratidae
parent taxon	Schelhammera is a genus of perennial flowering plants in the family Colchicaceae, comprising two species.	Schelhammera	Colchicaceae
parent taxon	Fraxinus caroliniana, commonly known as the pop ash, Florida ash, swamp ash, Carolina ash, or water ash, is a species of ash tree native to Cuba and the southeastern United States from Virginia to Texas.	Fraxinus caroliniana	ash
parent taxon	A more thorough analysis published in 2015 found that Cuspicephalus was likely a primitive monofenestratan pterosaur, and, specifically, a member of the group Wukongopteridae.	Cuspicephalus	Wukongopteridae
parent taxon	The Jackson lake springsnail, scientific name Pyrgulopsis robusta, is a species of very small or minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Jackson lake springsnail	Pyrgulopsis
parent taxon	Prostalomus parcepunctatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Prostalomus.	Prostalomus	Carabidae
parent taxon	The Plusiini are the largest tribe of moths in the Plusiinae subfamily.	Plusiini	Plusiinae
parent taxon	Hadromerida is an order of sea sponges belonging to the class Demospongiae.	Hadromerida	Demospongiae
parent taxon	Astralium, common name star snails, is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails and star snails.	Astralium	Turbinidae
parent taxon	Anisodontea is a genus in the tribe Malveae in the family Malvaceae.	Anisodontea	Malveae
parent taxon	The Pascagoula map turtle (Graptemys gibbonsi) is a species of turtle in the Emydidae family endemic to the southern United States.	Pascagoula map turtle	Graptemys
parent taxon	The Manus masked owl (Tyto manusi) is a barn owl endemic to Manus Island in Admiralty Islands, Papua New Guinea.	Manus masked owl	Tyto
parent taxon	The Sunda flying fox or Sunda fruit bat (Acerodon mackloti) is a species of bat in the family Pteropodidae.	Sunda flying fox	Acerodon
parent taxon	Pepper mottle virus (PepMoV) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potyvirus and the virus family Potyviridae.	Pepper mottle virus	Potyvirus
parent taxon	Opopaea is a genus of goblin spiders of the family Oonopidae.	Opopaea	Oonopidae
parent taxon	Aster alpinus (Alpine aster) is an ornamental plant native to the mountains of Europe (including the Alps), with a subspecies native to Canada and the United States.	Aster alpinus	aster
parent taxon	The Tugela labeo (Labeo rubromaculatus) is a South African species of freshwater cyprinid fish.	Tugela labeo	Labeo
parent taxon	Aplocheilus is a genus of killifish in the family Aplocheilidae.	Aplocheilus	Aplocheilidae
parent taxon	Tisis is a genus of small moth in the family Lecithoceridae.	Tisis	Lecithoceridae
parent taxon	Blyth's reticulated snake (Blythia reticulata) is a species of colubrid snake endemic to Asia.	Blyth's reticulated snake	Blythia
parent taxon	Ophicardelus is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails or salt marsh snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs in the family Ellobiidae.	Ophicardelus	Ellobiidae
parent taxon	Monotagma is a genus of plant in family Marantaceae described as a genus in 1902.	Monotagma	Marantaceae
parent taxon	Mueller's pearlside or Mueller's bristle-mouth fish, Maurolicus muelleri, a marine hatchetfish of the genus Maurolicus, is found in deep tropical, subtropical and temperate waters of the Pacific Ocean and the Atlantic Ocean, from the surface to depths of 1,500 metres (4,900 ft).	Mueller's pearlside	Maurolicus
parent taxon	The Cape serotine (Neoromicia capensis) is a species of vesper bat occurring in Sub-Saharan Africa.	Cape serotine	Neoromicia
parent taxon	Rhodacmea is a genus of small freshwater snails or limpets, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails and their allies.	Rhodacmea	Planorbidae
parent taxon	Taningia is a genus of squid in the family Octopoteuthidae.	Taningia	Octopoteuthidae
parent taxon	Ancyloceratidae is the type family for the Ancyloceratoidea and of the suborder Ancyloceratina.	Ancyloceratidae	Ancyloceratoidea
parent taxon	Conleyus defodio is a species of crab, the only species in the genus Conleyus and the family Conleyidae.	Conleyus	Conleyidae
parent taxon	The Atlantic canary (Serinus canaria) is known worldwide simply as wild canary.	Atlantic canary	Serinus
parent taxon	Thus Charophyta and Embryophyta together form the clade Streptophyta, excluding the Chlorophyta.	Charophyta	Streptophyta
parent taxon	Whitetail shiner (Cyprinella galactura) is a freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family, one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee.	Whitetail shiner	Cyprinella
parent taxon	The Bangweulu tsessebe (Damaliscus superstes) is an antelope found in northeastern Zambia.	Bangweulu tsessebe	Damaliscus
parent taxon	Trichomycetes refers to a group of fungi in the division Zygomycota that grow in the guts of arthropods living in aquatic habitats.	Trichomycetes	Zygomycota
parent taxon	The Madagascan spinetail or Malagasy spinetail(Zoonavena grandidieri) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Madagascan spinetail	Zoonavena
parent taxon	Salmothymus is a genus name of fish in the Salmonidae family, established for the Adriatic trout (Salmothymus obrusirostris).	Salmothymus	Salmonidae
parent taxon	The Western luminous roughy, Aulotrachichthys argyrophanus, is a slimehead from the Trachichthyidae family.	Western luminous roughy	Aulotrachichthys
parent taxon	Pseudophilautus is a genus of shrub frogs in the family Rhacophoridae endemic to the Western Ghats of southwestern India and to Sri Lanka where the majority of the species are found.	Pseudophilautus	Rhacophoridae
parent taxon	The Nonggang babbler (Stachyris nonggangensis) is a recently described species of bird in the Timaliidae family.	Nonggang babbler	Stachyris
parent taxon	Mindarinae is a small subfamily of the family Aphididae.	Mindarinae	Aphididae
parent taxon	Panthera onca mesembrina, commonly known as the Pleistocene South American jaguar, is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch (1.8 mya--11,000 years ago).	Panthera onca mesembrina	jaguar
parent taxon	Isophya is a genus of bush cricket in family Tettigoniidae.	Isophya	Tettigoniidae
parent taxon	Neoconger is a small genus of eels of the family Moringuidae.	Neoconger	Moringuidae
parent taxon	Dirofilaria is a genus of nematodes, or roundworms, in the family Onchocercidae.	Dirofilaria	Onchocercidae
parent taxon	Caelopyginae is a harvestmen sub-family in the family Gonyleptidae, containing the following genera:	Caelopyginae	Gonyleptidae
parent taxon	Eutamias is a genus of chipmunks within the tribe Marmotini of the squirrel family.	Eutamias	Marmotini
parent taxon	Chrysolepis is a small genus in the beech family Fagaceae, endemic to the western United States.	Chrysolepis	Fagaceae
parent taxon	Agriotypinae is a Palaearctic subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae.	Agriotypinae	Ichneumonidae
parent taxon	Hawkins's rail or giant Chatham Island rail, Diaphorapteryx hawkinsi, was a flightless extinct bird endemic to the Chatham Islands east of New Zealand.	Hawkins's rail	Diaphorapteryx
parent taxon	Pseudaneitea is a genus of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial gastropod molluscs in the family Athoracophoridae, the leaf-veined slugs.	Pseudaneitea	Athoracophoridae
parent taxon	The Panay striped babbler (Zosterornis latistriatus) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family.	Panay striped babbler	Zosterornis
parent taxon	Poliomintha is a genus of flowering plants in the sage family, Lamiaceae.	Poliomintha	Lamiaceae
parent taxon	Periglypta is a genus of molluscs in the family Veneridae.	Periglypta	Veneridae
parent taxon	Pusia is a genus (or a subgenus of Vexillum) of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Costellariidae.	Pusia	Vexillum
parent taxon	Cantua is a genus of flowering plants in the family Polemoniaceae which is in the order Ericales.	Cantua	Polemoniaceae
parent taxon	Deroplatys is a genus of mantis in the tribe Deroplatyini of the subfamily Deroplatyinae of the family Mantidae.	Deroplatys	Mantidae
parent taxon	Costa's hummingbird (Calypte costae) is a species of hummingbird.	Costa's hummingbird	Calypte
parent taxon	The New Zealand sand diver, Tewara cranwellae, is a species of sandburrower endemic to the waters around New Zealand where it can be found in tide pools and areas with sandy substrates down to a depth of 5 metres (16 ft).	New Zealand sand diver	Tewara
parent taxon	Almaco jack (Seriola rivoliana) is a game fish of the family Carangidae; they are in the same family as yellowtail and amberjack.	Almaco jack	Seriola
parent taxon	Trithrinax is a genus of few flowering plants in the Arecaceae family, that belong to the Coryphoideae subfamily, a not very evolved lineage.	Trithrinax	Arecaceae
parent taxon	The Buka Island solomys (Solomys spriggsarum), also known as the Buka naked-tailed rat or Buka Island naked-tailed rat, is an extinct species of rodent known only from subfossil remains.	Buka Island solomys	Solomys
parent taxon	The Kapahiang caecilian, Caudacaecilia paucidentula, is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Indonesia.	Kapahiang caecilian	Caudacaecilia
parent taxon	Nystiellidae is a family of small sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks within the superfamily Epitonioidea which includes the wentletraps, the purple snails and their allies.	Nystiellidae	Epitonioidea
parent taxon	Nephthytis is a genus of eight species of flowering plants in the family Araceae, native to tropical western Africa, with one species in Borneo.	Nephthytis	Araceae
parent taxon	Crocus flavus, known as yellow crocus or Dutch yellow crocus, is a species of flowering plant of the Crocus genus in the Iridaceae family.	Crocus flavus	crocus
parent taxon	Giganteopalpus is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family, containing only one species Giganteopalpus mirabilis, which is known from Sundaland.	Giganteopalpus	Sphingidae
parent taxon	The Táchira emerald (Amazilia distans) is a hummingbird described in 1956 by Alexander Wetmore and William Phelps as a new species from a specimen from Venezuela.	Táchira emerald	Amazilia
parent taxon	Hypsibema missouriensis (pronounced /ˌhɪpsɨˈbiːmə mɨˌzʊəriˈɛnsɪs/; originally Neosaurus missouriensis, first renamed to Parrosaurus missouriensis, also spelled Hypsibema missouriense) is a species of plant-eating dinosaur in the genus Hypsibema, and the state dinosaur of the U.S. state Missouri.	Hypsibema missouriensis	Parrosaurus
parent taxon	The Orizaba deer mouse (Peromyscus beatae) is a small species of rodent in the family Cricetidae, native to El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Mexico.	Orizaba deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	Martinsellus signatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Martinsellus.	Martinsellus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Molecular phylogenetic investigation found that Coprinus comatus was only a distant relative of the other members of Coprinus, and was closer to genera in the Agaricaceae.	Coprinus	Agaricaceae
parent taxon	The African red toad or African split-skin toad (Schismaderma carens) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	African red toad	Schismaderma
parent taxon	The Cape horseshoe bat (Rhinolophus capensis) is a species of bat in the family Rhinolophidae.	Cape horseshoe bat	Rhinolophus
parent taxon	The Antioquia brush finch (Atlapetes blancae) is a poorly known species from the Emberizidae family.	Antioquia brush finch	Atlapetes
parent taxon	Cryptachaea is a genus of spiders in the Theridiidae (tangle web spider) family.	Cryptachaea	Theridiidae
parent taxon	Damaliscus, known as sassabies is a genus of antelope in the family Bovidae, subfamily Alcelaphinae found in Africa.	Damaliscus	Alcelaphinae
parent taxon	Periechocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids belonging to the order Monobathrida, family Periechecrinidae.	Periechocrinus	Periechecrinidae
parent taxon	Catopsilia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae, commonly called Emigrants.	Catopsilia	Pieridae
parent taxon	The South Island snipe (Coenocorypha iredalei), also known as the Stewart Island snipe or tutukiwi in Maori, is an extinct species of bird in the sandpiper family, Scolopacidae, that was endemic to New Zealand.	South Island snipe	Coenocorypha
parent taxon	The Toro olive greenbul (Phyllastrephus hypochloris) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Toro olive greenbul	Phyllastrephus
parent taxon	Iolaea is a genus of small sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks in the tribe Chrysallidini within the family Pyramidellidae.	Iolaea	Chrysallidini
parent taxon	The Lodgepole chipmunk (Tamias speciosus) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Lodgepole chipmunk	Tamias
parent taxon	The Natal spurfowl or Natal francolin (Pternistis natalensis) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family.	Natal spurfowl	Pternistis
parent taxon	Japonia is a genus of land snails with opercula, terrestrial gastropods in the family Cyclophoridae.	Japonia	Cyclophoridae
parent taxon	Thyrophorella is a genus of small, air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Thyrophorellidae.	Thyrophorella	Thyrophorellidae
parent taxon	The Pallas's reed bunting (Emberiza pallasi) (also known as Pallas's bunting) is a passerine bird in the bunting family Emberizidae, a group now separated by most modern authors from the finches, Fringillidae.	Pallas's reed bunting	Emberiza
parent taxon	The Jos Plateau indigobird (Vidua maryae) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family.	Jos Plateau indigobird	Vidua
parent taxon	Pomatoschistus lozanoi, Lozano's goby, is a species of goby native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean from the North Sea to northwestern Spain and Portugal where it can be found at depths of from 70 to 80 metres (230 to 260 ft).	Lozano's goby	Pomatoschistus
parent taxon	Dybowski's frog, (Rana dybowskii), is a species of true frog found in Northeast Asia.	Dybowski's frog	Rana
parent taxon	Acanthonematidae is an extinct family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Acanthonematidae	Sorbeoconcha
parent taxon	DNA and biochemical studies have led the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group to reassign Camassia to the family Asparagaceae, subfamily Agavoideae.	Camassia	Agavoideae
parent taxon	The Indian whiting, Sillago indica, is a poorly known species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae.	Indian whiting	Sillago
parent taxon	Coilostylis falcata, formerly Epidendrum falcatum, is an orchid in the Coilostylis genus, a genus recently resurrected and split from Epidendrum.	Coilostylis falcata	Epidendrum
parent taxon	The Roraiman barbtail (Roraimia adusta) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Roraiman barbtail	Roraimia
parent taxon	Hestina is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Apaturinae.The genus is found in the East Palearctic and Southeast Asia.	Hestina	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	Pelycothorax tylauchenioides is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Pelycothorax.	Pelycothorax	Buprestidae
parent taxon	Viminiconus is subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the genus Conasprella, family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Viminiconus	Conasprella
parent taxon	The West African mud turtle (West African side-necked turtle, swamp terrapin) (Pelusios castaneus) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family.	West African mud turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	Crotonogynopsis is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1899.	Crotonogynopsis	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Amphiachyris is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a species in 1840.	Amphiachyris	Asteraceae
parent taxon	Risobinae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae.	Risobinae	Nolidae
parent taxon	Indian coolie-loach (Pangio goaensis) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Pangio.	Indian coolie-loach	Pangio
parent taxon	Fayettevilleidae is one of six families of the Neoglyphiocerataceae superfamily.	Fayettevilleidae	Neoglyphiocerataceae
parent taxon	The Wendessi tree frog (Litoria longicrus) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Wendessi tree frog	Litoria
parent taxon	Silvanosoma striatum is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae, the only species in the genus Silvanosoma.	Silvanosoma	Silvanidae
parent taxon	Lecomtedoxa is a genus of plant in family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1914.	Lecomtedoxa	Sapotaceae
parent taxon	The Weed wrasse, Halichoeres papilionaceus, is a species of wrasse native to the Pacific ocean from Sumatra to Solomon Islands.	Weed wrasse	Halichoeres
parent taxon	Conchoderma is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Lepadidae, containing the following species:	Conchoderma	Lepadidae
parent taxon	White trevally, Pseudocaranx dentex, (also known as striped jack) is a jack of the family Carangidae widespread in tropical and warm temperate areas between 40°N and 47°S, in the Atlantic, Mediterranean, Indian and Pacific Oceans.	White trevally	Pseudocaranx
parent taxon	The Barrandeoceratidae is a family of coiled nautiloids included in the Tarphycerida (sensu lato) that lived from the Middle Ordovician to the Middle Devonian, characterised by mostly compressed shells with a subcentral siphuncle composed of thin-walled segments that may become secondarily ventral.	Barrandeoceratidae	Tarphycerida
parent taxon	Bulleyia is a genus of plant in the Orchidaceae family.	Bulleyia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The genus Orbivirus is a member of the Reoviridae family, in the subfamily Sedoreovirinae.	Orbivirus	Sedoreovirinae
parent taxon	Satyrocaris is an extinct genus of prawn in the family Penaeidae that existed during the Triassic in what is now Italy.	Satyrocaris	Penaeidae
parent taxon	Archiphytalmia is a genus of tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.	Archiphytalmia	Tephritidae
parent taxon	Neotrichoporoides is a genus of chalcid wasps of the family Eulophidae, containing around 50 species.	Neotrichoporoides	Eulophidae
parent taxon	The Himalayan vulture or Himalayan griffon vulture (Gyps himalayensis) is an Old World vulture in the family Accipitridae.	Himalayan vulture	Gyps
parent taxon	Thalassophryninae is a subfamily of toadfish in the family Batrachoididae.	Thalassophryninae	Batrachoididae
parent taxon	Lozotaenia is a genus of moths in the tribe Archipini.	Lozotaenia	Archipini
parent taxon	The Guatemalan myotis (Myotis cobanensis) is a species of vesper bat.	Guatemalan myotis	Myotis
parent taxon	Perplexiconus has become a synonym of Conasprella (Ximeniconus) Emerson & Old, 1962, a subgenus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Perplexiconus	Conidae
parent taxon	The only member of the genus Granitites, a name derived from its habitat, it is placed within the Rhamnaceae family.	Granitites	Rhamnaceae
parent taxon	Callionymus schaapii, the Short-snout sand-dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean where it is found at a depth of around 8 metres (26 ft).	Short-snout sand-dragonet	Callionymus
parent taxon	Beaufort's naked-backed fruit bat (Dobsonia beauforti) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	Beaufort's naked-backed fruit bat	Dobsonia
parent taxon	Vladykov's lamprey (Eudontomyzon vladykovi) is a species of lamprey in the Petromyzontidae family.	Vladykov's lamprey	Eudontomyzon
parent taxon	The Punctuated snake-eel (Ophichthus remiger, also known as the Common snake eel in Peru) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae (worm/snake eels).	Punctuated snake-eel	Ophichthus
parent taxon	Cicadella is a genus of ``leafhoppers'' belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Cicadellinae.	Cicadella	Cicadellidae
parent taxon	Maccullochella is a genus of large Australian predatory freshwater fish within the Percichthyidae family.	Maccullochella	Percichthyidae
parent taxon	Nanomantinae is a praying mantis subfamily in the family Iridopterygidae.	Nanomantinae	Iridopterygidae
parent taxon	Evagetes is a genus of spider wasps from the family Pompilidae.	Evagetes	Pompilidae
parent taxon	The Santa Cruz ground dove (Gallicolumba sanctaecrucis) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Santa Cruz ground dove	Gallicolumba
parent taxon	The Brazilian luminous roughy, Aulotrachichthys atlanticus, is a slimehead from the Trachichthyidae family.	Brazilian luminous roughy	Aulotrachichthys
parent taxon	Ancistragrostis is a genus of Australian and New Guinean plants in the Poaceae family.	Ancistragrostis	Poaceae
parent taxon	Cyphomandra was a genus in the flowering plant family Solanaceae (the nightshades and relative).	Cyphomandra	Solanaceae
parent taxon	Meller's duck (Anas melleri) is a species of the dabbling duck genus Anas.	Meller's duck	Anas
parent taxon	Bradyodonti is an order of cartilaginous fishes (class Chondrichthyes) that lived in the Paleozoic Era.	Bradyodonti	Chondrichthyes
parent taxon	Acrosterigma is a genus of large saltwater clams or cockles, marine bivalve mollusc in the family Cardiidae, the cockles.	Acrosterigma	Cardiidae
parent taxon	The Obi mosaic-tailed rat (Melomys obiensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Obi mosaic-tailed rat	Melomys
parent taxon	The Taiwanese brown-toothed shrew (Episoriculus fumidus) is a species of shrew in the Nectogalini tribe.	Taiwanese brown-toothed shrew	Episoriculus
parent taxon	The Hoogerwerf's pheasant (Lophura hoogerwerfi) also known as Aceh pheasant or Sumatran pheasant is a medium-sized, up to 55 centimetres (22 in) long, bird of the Phasianidae family.	Hoogerwerf's pheasant	Lophura
parent taxon	Sehirus is a genus of burrowing bugs or negro bugs belonging to the family Cydnidae, subfamily Sehirinae.	Sehirus	Sehirinae
parent taxon	The Malabar grouper or greasy grouper, Epinephelus malabaricus, is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.	Malabar grouper	Epinephelus
parent taxon	Captain's wood snake (Xylophis captaini ) is a species of snake described in 2007, which is endemic to India.	Captain's wood snake	Xylophis
parent taxon	The Bombay night frog (also Abdulali's wrinkled frog, Abdulali's night frog, Humayun's wrinkled frog; scientific name Nyctibatrachus humayuni) is a species of frog in the family Nyctibatrachidae.	Bombay night frog	Nyctibatrachus
parent taxon	Zimmer's woodcreeper (Dendroplex kienerii) is a species of bird in the woodcreeper subfamily (Dendrocolaptinae).	Zimmer's woodcreeper	Dendroplex
parent taxon	The American white pelican (Pelecanus erythrorhynchos) is a large aquatic soaring bird from the order Pelecaniformes.	American white pelican	Pelecanus
parent taxon	The Congo sunbird (Cinnyris congensis) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Congo sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	Petter's soft-furred mouse, or Petter's praomys (Praomys petteri) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Petter's soft-furred mouse	Praomys
parent taxon	The Caribbean flagfin blenny (Emblemariopsis carib) is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from tropical reefs in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, in the Caribbean Sea.	Caribbean flagfin blenny	Emblemariopsis
parent taxon	Okamejei pita also known as the Pita skate is a medium-sized skate in the genus Okamejei.	Pita skate	Okamejei
parent taxon	The Chipola slabshell, scientific name Elliptio chipolaensis, is a species of freshwater mussel in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Chipola slabshell	Elliptio
parent taxon	Tapeinochilos is a group of plants in the Costaceae described as a genus in 1869.	Tapeinochilos	Costaceae
parent taxon	Psegmatopterus politissimus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Psegmatopterus.	Psegmatopterus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Wimanius is a mixosaurid ichthyosaur, and the only genus in the family Wimaniidae.	Wimanius	Wimaniidae
parent taxon	The Palawan horned frog (Megophrys ligayae) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Palawan horned frog	Megophrys
parent taxon	Apoanagyrus is a parasitic wasp genus in the family Encyrtidae.	Apoanagyrus	Encyrtidae
parent taxon	In plant systematics Epidendroideae is a subfamily of the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Epidendroideae	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Turbinellidae are a family of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the order Neogastropoda.	Turbinellidae	Neogastropoda
parent taxon	The Oldfield white-bellied rat (Niviventer culturatus) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Oldfield white-bellied rat	Niviventer
parent taxon	Corydioidea is a superfamily of insects in the order Blattodea, the cockroaches and termites.	Corydioidea	Blattodea
parent taxon	Tonicia is a genus of chitons in the family Chitonidae.	Tonicia	Chitonidae
parent taxon	The Kapala stingaree (Urolophus kapalensis) is a species of stingray in the family Urolophidae, endemic to inshore waters off southeastern Queensland and New South Wales.	Kapala stingaree	Urolophus
parent taxon	Pelycodus is placed within adapiforms because of its annular ectotympanic, small eyes, non-elongated tarsus and numerous premolar and molar crests and within Notharctinae because of its four premolars, unfused mandible, a hypocone derived from the postprotocingulum and a lacrimal bone within the orbit.	Pelycodus	Notharctinae
parent taxon	Actinoleuca is a genus of sea snails or true limpets, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Lottiidae.	Actinoleuca	Lottiidae
parent taxon	Lates stappersii, the Sleek lates, is a species of lates perch endemic to Lake Tanganyika.	Sleek lates	Lates
parent taxon	Campbell's dwarf hamster (Phodopus campbelli) is a species of hamster in the genus Phodopus.	Campbell's dwarf hamster	Phodopus
parent taxon	The Bedford-Russell's tree-nymph or Sulawesi tree-nymph (Idea tambusisiana) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily.	Bedford-Russell's tree-nymph	Idea
parent taxon	The Eodiscina are mostly considered the more primitive suborder of the Agnostida, and the Agnostina the more advanced.	Eodiscina	Agnostida
parent taxon	The Rothschild's zokor (Eospalax rothschildi) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae.	Rothschild's zokor	Eospalax
parent taxon	Xylomelum is a genus of six species in the plant family Proteaceae.	Xylomelum	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Mahehia is a genus of woodlice in the family Porcellionidae, which is endemic to the Seychelles.	Mahehia	Porcellionidae
parent taxon	Pantala is a genus of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae commonly called the Rainpool Gliders.	Pantala	Libellulidae
parent taxon	Allen's big-eared bat (Idionycteris phyllotis) is a species of vesper bat.	Allen's big-eared bat	Idionycteris
parent taxon	Based on the partial fossils, Tochisaurus is thought to have been a member of the Troodontidae.	Tochisaurus	Troodontidae
parent taxon	Actinodaphne is an Asian genus of the family Lauraceae, bay laurel-related, that comprises a group of flowering plants within the order Laurales.	Actinodaphne	Lauraceae
parent taxon	Afrocarpus is a genus of conifers belonging to the family Podocarpaceae.	Afrocarpus	Podocarpaceae
parent taxon	The Brazilian squirrel (or Guianan squirrel) (Sciurus aestuans) is a tree squirrel in the genus Sciurus endemic to South America.	Brazilian squirrel	Sciurus
parent taxon	The Himalayan beautiful rosefinch (Carpodacus pulcherrimus) is a true finch species (family Fringillidae).	Himalayan beautiful rosefinch	Carpodacus
parent taxon	Cornulariidae is a family of soft corals in the suborder Stolonifera.	Cornulariidae	Stolonifera
parent taxon	Wahlberg's eagle (Hieraaetus wahlbergi, formerly Aquila wahlbergi) is a bird of prey.	Wahlberg's eagle	Aquila
parent taxon	Cephalantheropsis is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae), comprising 4 accepted species distributed in China, Japan, the Eastern Himalayas and Southeast Asia.	Cephalantheropsis	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Liardetia is a genus of land snails in the family Euconulidae, the hive snails.	Liardetia	Euconulidae
participant of	Christian Mayerhöfer (born 16 June 1971 in Mainz) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Christian Mayerhöfer	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valentine Bialas (January 10, 1903 -- March 9, 1965) was an American speed skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics, in the 1928 Winter Olympics and in the 1932 Winter Olympics.	Valentine Bialas	1924 Winter Olympics	1928 Winter Olympics	1932 Winter Olympics
participant of	Alfred Klingler (born October 25, 1912, date of death unknown) was a German field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Alfred Klingler	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Krista Schmidinger (born 18 May 1970 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and 1994 Winter Olympics.	Krista Schmidinger	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Nikola Kuljača (born August 16, 1974 in Belgrade, Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian water polo goalkeeper who played for the team of Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro on the bronze medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the silver medal squad at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Nikola Kuljača	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kazimierz Szosland (February 21, 1891 in Grzymaczew near Kalisz -- April 20, 1944) was a Polish horse rider, major of the Polish Army, who competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics and in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Kazimierz Szosland	1924 Summer Olympics	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ramón Duvalón (born August 31, 1954) is a retired boxer from Cuba, who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Canada.	Ramón Duvalón	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Flor-de-Lis is a Portuguese folk music group which represented Portugal at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia, following their victory in the 45th edition of Festival da Canção, with the song ``Todas as ruas do amor'' (English: All the streets of love).	Flor-de-Lis	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Dragoslav Ražnatović (born 19 April 1941 in Vranje) is a Serbian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Dragoslav Ražnatović	1964 Summer Olympics	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Intars Busulis (born 2 May 1978 in Talsi, Latvia) is a Latvian singer who represented Latvia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 in Moscow, Russia with the song Probka (Russian for ``Traffic jam'').	Intars Busulis	Eurovision Song Contest 2009
participant of	Turhan Tezol (August 9, 1932 -- April 27, 2014) was a Turkish basketball player, who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Turhan Tezol	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kirsten Vlieghuis (born May 17, 1976 in Hengelo, Overijssel) is a former freestyle swimmer from The Netherlands, who won two bronze medals at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Kirsten Vlieghuis	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nataša Osmokrović (née Leto; born 27 May 1976 in Zagreb, Yugoslavia) is an international Croatian volleyball player who played with Croatia at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Nataša Osmokrović	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Géza Gulyás (5 June 1931 -- 14 August 2014), was a Hungarian football goalkeeper who played for Hungary in the 1954 FIFA World Cup.	Géza Gulyás	1954 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Arianna Fontana (born 14 April 1990) is an Italian short track speed skater, who won bronze in the 3000m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin.	Arianna Fontana	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Erzsébet Gulyás-Köteles (born 3 November 1924) is a Hungarian former gymnast who competed in the 1948, 1952, and 1956 Summer Olympics.	Erzsébet Gulyás-Köteles	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Miroslav Pribanić (born 22 June 1946 in Bjelovar) was a Croatian handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Miroslav Pribanić	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolay Gomolko (Russian: Николай Гомолко, born 18 July 1938) is a retired Russian rower who competed in the eights event at the 1960 Summer Olympics for the Soviet Union.	Nikolay Gomolko	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anita Simoncini (born 14 April 1999) is a Sammarinese singer who represented San Marino in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 along with Michele Perniola with the song ``Chain of Lights''.	Anita Simoncini	Eurovision Song Contest 2015
participant of	Redouane Bouchtouk (born December 19, 1976) is a boxer from Morocco who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native North African country.	Redouane Bouchtouk	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Kummer (born 6 May 1962) is a retired track and road racing cyclist from East Germany, who represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Mario Kummer	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mirabi Valiyev (Ukrainian: Мірабі Валієв; born 13 September 1970) is an Ukrainian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Mirabi Valiyev	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Aleksandar Khristov (Bulgarian: Александър Христов) (born July 28, 1964) is a retired boxer from Bulgaria, who became world champion and represented his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Aleksandar Khristov	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Daniela Hunger (born 20 March 1972 in East Berlin) is a former medley and freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who won two golden medals at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea: in the women's 200 m individual medley, and as a member of the women's 4×100 m freestyle team.	Daniela Hunger	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Malý (March 25, 1894 -- March 23, 1943) was a Czech gymnast who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Josef Malý	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Periklis Pierrakos-Mavromichalis also competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics in Athens.	Periklis Pierrakos-Mavromichalis	1896 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jim Buccheri (born 12 November 1968) is a baseball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jim Buccheri	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gustavo Sánchez Martínez (born 3 May 1994 in Mexico City) is a disabled swimmer (born without left hand and both legs) who won four medals for Mexico at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.	Gustavo Sánchez Martínez	2012 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Fernando Bustos Castañeda (1 August 1944 -- 23 September 1979) was a Mexican footballer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Fernando Bustos	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zuzana Klimešová (born 21 January 1979) is a Czech former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and played in the Women's National Basketball Association for the Indiana Fever.	Zuzana Klimešová	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Milan Janša (born September 26, 1965 in Jesenice) is a former Slovenian rower and Olympic medallist at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Milan Janša	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ruslana was internally chosen by the NTU to represent Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2004.	Ruslana	Eurovision Song Contest 2004
participant of	Tsano Tsanov (Bulgarian: Цано Цанов, born March 25, 1949) is a Bulgarian former volleyball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Tsano Tsanov	1972 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl Peter Fazer (23 October 1934, Helsinki -- 24 October 1998) was a Finnish sailor who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Peter Fazer	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sachiko Fujita (Japanese: 藤田 幸子; born January 9, 1968) is a Japanese former volleyball and beach volleyball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Sachiko Fujita	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Prossy Tusabe was selected as the sole member of Uganda's delegation to the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney.	Prossy Tusabe	2000 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Ludmila Ezhova Grebenkova, (Russian: Людмила Ежова Гребенкова (Lyudmila Yezhova Grebenkova), born 4 March 1982) is a Russian gymnast who comnpeted at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Ludmila Ezhova	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Heinrich Elbogen (born 18 June 1872, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Heinrich Elbogen	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cai Li (born 1987-08-14 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Cai Li	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Verónica Ampudia Niño de Rivera (born 31 July 1973) is a Mexican alpine skier who participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France.	Verónica Ampudia	1992 Winter Olympics
participant of	Giorgio Zuccoli (18 February 1958 -- 27 March 2001) is an Italian former yacht racer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Giorgio Zuccoli	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Naoko Kawashima (born 7 April 1981) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Naoko Kawashima	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	René Quitral Encina (born 22 July 1920 - 27 November 1982) was a Chilean football goalkeeper that was part of the national soccer team Chile in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	René Quitral	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Amanda Smock (née Thieschafer, born July 27, 1982) is an American triple jumper who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Amanda Smock	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arturo Ruffa (born December 25, 1926 in Tucumán died October 2004) was an Argentine basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics when Argentina finished 15th.	Arturo Ruffa	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pavol Steiner (March 29, 1908 in Bratislava -- June 4, 1969 in Martin, Žilina) was a Czechoslovak/Slovak water polo player who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Pavol Steiner	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ousman Miangoto (born October 15, 1954) is a middle distance athlete who competed internationally for Chad Miangoto represented Chad at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.	Ousman Miangoto	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ken Chertow is an American Olympian wrestler who participated in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea, and currently conducts wrestling camps across the United States.	Ken Chertow	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Slobodan Boškan (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Бошкан, born August 18, 1975) is a Serbian retired volleyball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Slobodan Boškan	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sándor Prokopp (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʃaːndoɾ ˈpɾokop), 7 May 1887 -- 4 November 1964) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed for Hungary at the 1908, 1912 and the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Sándor Prokopp	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	David Wijnveldt (December 15, 1891 in Jember, Java -- March 28, 1962 in Zutphen) was a Dutch amateur football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	David Wijnveldt	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Victor Wetterström (27 August 1884 -- 11 May 1956) was a Swedish curler who won a silver medal at the 1924 Winter Olympics in Chamonix.	Victor Wetterström	1924 Winter Olympics
participant of	Hermann Springer (4 December 1908 in Zurich-- 12 December 1978) was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Hermann Springer	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Kyriakos Onisiforou (Greek: Κυριάκος Ονησιφόρου; born 10 April 1951 in Nicosia, Cyprus) is a Greek former sprinter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Kyriakos Onisiforou	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gerrit Kruize (May 2, 1923 -- May 11, 2009) was an American field hockey player who competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Gerrit Kruize	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Max Bloesch (also Blösch; June 27, 1908 -- August 9, 1997) was a Swiss field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Max Bloesch	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hermann von Bönninghausen (July 24, 1888 in Bocholt -- January 26, 1919) was a German athlete who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics and in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Hermann von Bönninghausen	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolaos Syllas (Greek: Νικόλαος Σύλλας; 30 November 1914 -- 16 August 1986) was a Greek athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, in the 1948 Summer Olympics, and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Nikolaos Syllas	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bernd Dittert (born February 6, 1961 in Genthin) is a retired racing cyclist from East Germany, who won the bronze medal for his native country in the men's 4,000m individual pursuit at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Bernd Dittert	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Flemming (born 14 July 1967 in Bad Schlema) is a former freestyle swimmer from East Germany, who competed for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Flemming	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andria Lloyd (born 10 August 1971 in Rastatt, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) participated in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Andria Lloyd	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Daniel Sproule (born 25 January 1974 in Melbourne, Victoria) is a former field hockey defender from Australia, who was a member of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Daniel Sproule	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Liviu Naghi (November 20, 1929 in Oradea -- 1989) was a Romanian basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Liviu Naghi	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sylvester Granrose (December 29, 1895 -- April 25, 1958) was an American tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Sylvester Granrose	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Danny Morseu (born 1 January 1958 in Thursday Island, Queensland) is an Australian basketball player who played on the Australian national basketball team in the 1980 Summer Olympics and 1984 Summer Olympics.	Danny Morseu	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Robert Dumontois (born August 6, 1941) was a French rower who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Robert Dumontois	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Libby Ludlow (born in Bellevue, Washington on August 26, 1981) is an American former alpine skier who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Libby Ludlow	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kostas Georgakopoulos (Greek: Κώστας Γεωργακόπουλος; born 14 July 1963 in Athens) is a Greek former discus thrower who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Kostas Georgakopoulos	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mathew Helm (born 9 December 1980) is an Australian diver who won the silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's 10 metre platform.	Mathew Helm	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Constantin Corduneanu (born 23 April 1969) is a Romanian former freestyle wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Constantin Corduneanu	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Piet de Boer (10 October 1919 - 8 February 1984) was a Dutch football forward who was part of the Netherlands selection in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Piet de Boer	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Kurt Stein (born 30 June 1970) is an American former ski jumper who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Kurt Stein	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	William B. Martin (May 13, 1866 -- January 22, 1931) was an American sport shooter, who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	William B. Martin	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Riitta Ollikka (born 11 October 1956, in Hämeenlinna) is a Finnish former alpine skier who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Riitta Ollikka	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Georg Gehring (14 November 1903 in Frankenthal -- 31 October 1943 in Szczecin) was a German wrestler who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics, in the 1932 Summer Olympics, and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Georg Gehring	1928 Summer Olympics	1932 Summer Olympics	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bruno Bonfim (born May 18, 1979 in Anápolis) is a middle-distance freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Bruno Bonfim	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Isabelle Charest (later Charbonneau, born January 3, 1971 in Rimouski, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics, in the 1998 Winter Olympics, and in the 2002 Winter Olympics.	Isabelle Charest	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics	2002 Winter Olympics
participant of	Jan Chytrý (born February 8, 1917) is a Czech boxer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Jan Chytrý	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Arnaldo Mesa Bonell (6 December 1967 -- 17 December 2012) was a retired boxer from Cuba, who won the silver medal for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Arnaldo Mesa	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Pietras (April 21, 1908 -- April 1993) was a U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup and the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Peter Pietras	1934 FIFA World Cup	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Miroslav Cerar (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈmíːrɔslaw ˈt͡sɛ̀ːrar), born 28 October 1939) is a Slovenian gymnast and lawyer who won the pommel horse event at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.	Miroslav Cerar	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Denis Pankratov (Russian: Денис Панкратов; born 4 July 1974) is a retired Russian butterfly swimmer of the 1990s, who was best known for winning the butterfly double at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, USA in a unique style.	Denis Pankratov	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elio Sasso Sant (born July 15, 1911, date of death unknown) was an Italian canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Elio Sasso Sant	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ali Mazaheri (Persian: علی مظاهری‎‎; born March 31, 1982 Kermanshah, Iran) is an amateur boxer from Iran, who competed in the 2006 Asian Games in the Heavyweight (-91 kg) division and won the gold medal in the final bout against Uzbekistan's Jasur Matchanov 25-19.	Ali Mazaheri	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Émile Maggi (12 March 1908 -- 19 April 1986) was a French racewalker who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Émile Maggi	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annibale Pelaschiar (born 25 February 1912, date of death unknown) was an Italian sailor who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Annibale Pelaschiar	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tom Moffitt (Thomas Robinson Moffitt; February 26, 1884 -- May 2, 1945) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Tom Moffitt	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nathan Milgate (born 10 May 1987) is a marksman from Herne Bay who competed in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.	Nathan Milgate	2008 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Sandra Azón (born November 12, 1973 in Barcelona) is a Spanish sailor, who won a silver medal in the 470 class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens together with Natalia Vía Dufresne.	Sandra Azón	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Asenate Manoa (born 23 May 1992) is a Tuvaluan track and field athlete who represented Tuvalu at the 2008 Summer Olympics, at the 2009 World Championships & 2011 World Championships and at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Asenate Manoa	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Grigori Panteleimonov (Russian: Григорий Пантелеймонов, born 17 December 1883 (OS)/30 December 1883 (NS) in Balta, Ukraine, died 21 October 1934) was a Russian sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Grigori Panteleimonov	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fu Yuling (Chinese: 付豫玲, born 14 April 1974) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Fu Yuling	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	'Carlos de Anda Dominguez (March 12, 1908 - August 30, 1995) was an accomplished Mexican sprinter who competed internationally, eventually reaching the 1932 Summer Olympics, and qualifying for the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Carlos de Anda	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ghulam Raziq (born 11 November 1932) is a Pakistani former hurdler who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Ghulam Raziq	1956 Summer Olympics	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Juan José Uría Bazterrica (born July 25, 1956 in Gipuzkoa) is a former Spanish handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics in the 1984 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Juan José Uría	1980 Summer Olympics	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rostyslav Zaulychnyi (Ukrainian: Ростислав Зауличний; born September 6, 1968) is a retired Ukrainian amateur boxer, who represented the Unified Team (former Soviet Union) and won the Light Heavyweight Silver medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Rostyslav Zaulychnyi	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Momir Kecman (December 10, 1940) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Momir Kecman	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Francesc Gaset Fris (born April 26, 1947) is a former Andorran sport shooter who competed at the 1980 and 1984 Summer Olympics.	Francesc Gaset Fris	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilona Ács (later Zimmermann; April 18, 1920 -- November 2, 1976) was a Hungarian freestyle swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ilona Ács	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ángela Pumariega Menéndez (born 12 November 1984 in Gijón) is a Spanish sailor who won the gold medal in sailing at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Elliott 6m class, in the crew led by Támara Echegoyen and accompanied by Sofía Toro.	Ángela Pumariega	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sara Harstick (born 8 September 1981 in Hildesheim, Niedersachsen) is a former German freestyle swimmer, who won bronze medals in the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sara Harstick	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yu Hui (Chinese: 于慧; born 31 March 1980 in Qingdao, Shandong) is a Chinese archer, who won the silver medal in the team competition at the 2006 Asian Games.	Yu Hui	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Ben Tudhope (born 13 December 1999) is an Australian Paralympian who competed in para-snowboard cross at the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi.	Ben Tudhope	2014 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Chen Ding (Chinese: 陈定; born August 5, 1992 in Yunnan, China) is a Chinese racewalker who won a gold medal in the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.	Chen Ding	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	József Dobronyi (June 17, 1917 -- March 24, 1993) was a Hungarian athlete who came in 7th place in the Men's marathon at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.	József Dobronyi	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Edward Skilton (26 September 1863 -- 21 June 1917) was a British sport shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Edward Skilton	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alisher Rahimov (Russian: Алишер Рахимов; born October 23, 1977) is an amateur boxer from Uzbekistan, who won the gold medal at the 1999 Asian Amateur Boxing Championships in his home nation, and competed for the bantamweight division at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Alisher Rahimov	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Holger Seebach (17 March 1922 -- 30 August 2011) was a Danish amateur footballer, who scored 9 goals in 17 games for the Denmark national football team, won a bronze medal at the 1948 Summer Olympics and competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Holger Seebach	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ismat Ara Nishi (Bengali: ইসমত আরা নিশী) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.	Ismat Ara Nishi	2010 Asian Games
participant of	Morgan Groth (born August 31, 1943 in Martinez, California) is an American former middle distance runner who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Morgan Groth	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Yuri Koroviansky (Russian: Юрий Коровянский, French: Yuriy Korovyanskyy, born 30 September 1967) is a Ukrainian former volleyball player who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Yuri Koroviansky	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abdel-Aziz Fahmy (date of birth and death unknown) was an Egyptian football goalkeeper who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.	Aziz Fahmy	1934 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ranganathan Francis (born March 15, 1920) was an Indian hockey player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics, in the 1952 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Ranganathan Francis	1948 Summer Olympics	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Morena Gallizio (born 18 January 1974) is an Italian former alpine skier who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics, 1994 Winter Olympics, and 1998 Winter Olympics.	Morena Gallizio	1992 Winter Olympics	1994 Winter Olympics	1998 Winter Olympics
participant of	A Brazilian international in the mid/late 1990s, Sávio represented the nation in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Sávio	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Davor Mizerit (born January 4, 1981) is a rower from Slovenia, who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Davor Mizerit	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giovanna Burlando (born 20 November 1969) is an Italian former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.	Giovanna Burlando	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michael Musyoki (born May 28, 1956), also known by his nickname ``Mike'', is a retired long-distance runner from Kenya who won the bronze medal in 10,000 metres at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Michael Musyoki	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Matthias Mauritz (born 13 November 1924) is a German former international footballer who played for Fortuna Düsseldorf and competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Matthias Mauritz	1952 Summer Olympics	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tuğçe Şahutoğlu participated in the hammer throw event at the 2012 Summer Olympics, where she finished 24th in the qualification round and failed to make the final.	Tuğçe Şahutoğlu	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kambozia Jamali (9 July 1938 -- 24 May 2010) was an Iranian football Midfielder who played for Iran in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Kambozia Jamali	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Francesca Francolini (born 27 December 1979) is an Italian softball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Francesca Francolini	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Peter Rösch (15 September 1930 -- 12 January 2006) is a Swiss football defender who played for Switzerland in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.	Peter Rösch	1962 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Olivia Vivian (born 13 July 1989 in Perth) is an Australian artistic gymnast who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Olivia Vivian	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adam Wolanin (November 13, 1919 in Lwow, Poland -- October 26, 1987 in Park Ridge, Illinois) was a Polish American soccer forward who was a member of the U.S. national team at the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Adam Wolanin	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Noel Borshi (born 13 February 1996 in Rome, Italy) is an Albanian swimmer who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Noel Borshi	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rūdolfs Vītols (died March 4, 1942) was a Latvian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Rūdolfs Vītols	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jerzy Wybieralski (born 8 September 1954 in Poznań) is a Polish former field hockey player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Jerzy Wybieralski	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petra Granlund (born 15 October 1987 in Stenungsund, Sweden) is a swimmer from Valla, representing Väsby SS. Granlund participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics for Sweden in the 200 m butterfly and in the 4×200 m freestyle relay.	Petra Granlund	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dirk Wippermann (born 27 January 1946) is a German former discus thrower who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Dirk Wippermann	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilie Floroiu (born 29 November 1952) is a Romanian former long-distance runner who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Ilie Floroiu	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jean-Pierre Frantzen (May 9, 1890 -- ??) was a Luxembourgian gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Jean-Pierre Frantzen	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Béla Bácskai (April 25, 1912 -- 1994), also known as Bogschütz, was a Hungarian field hockey player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Béla Bácskai	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Grzegorz Gajdus (born January 16, 1967 in Skórcz, Pomorskie) is a long-distance runner from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Grzegorz Gajdus	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alice Mizzau qualified for her first Olympic appearance at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Alice Mizzau	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Giovanni Lattuada (January 12, 1905 -- April 16, 1984) was an Italian artistic gymnast who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.	Giovanni Lattuada	1932 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lizardo Rodríguez Nue (born 30 August 1910, date of death unknown) was a Peruvian footballer who played for Peru at the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Lizardo Rodríguez Nue	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Mohammed Hazzaz (born 1945) is a Moroccan football goalkeeper who played for Morocco in the 1970 FIFA World Cup.	Mohammed Hazzaz	1970 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Alvaro Načinović (born 2 March 1966 in Rijeka) is a former Croatian handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia and Croatia respectively.	Alvaro Načinović	1988 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ludwig Schweickert (26 April 1915 in Fürth -- 11 July 1943 near Oryol, Soviet Union) was a German wrestler who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Ludwig Schweickert	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Milanko Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миланко Петровић) (born September 21, 1988 in Sjenica) is a Serbian biathlete who participated at the 2010 Winter Olympics, becoming the first olympic biathlete for independent Serbia.	Milanko Petrović	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Dieter Freise (born 18 February 1945 in Heidelberg) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who was a member of the West German squad that won the gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.	Dieter Freise	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cui Lei (born 25 October 1980) is a Chinese handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Cui Lei	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klaus-Dieter Bieler (born 5 January 1949) is a former German athlete, who competed for West Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics, taking part in the men's 100 metres and 4 × 100 metres relay events.	Klaus-Dieter Bieler	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Park Jung-eun (born 14 January 1977) is a Korean basketball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Park Jung-eun	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Petey Sarron (November 21, 1906 in Birmingham, AL -- July 3, 1994) was a member of the Olympic Team at flyweight in boxing for the United States during the 1924 Summer Olympics and an NBA Featherweight World Champion.	Petey Sarron	1924 Summer Olympics
place of birth	Gerry Studds, born in Mineola, New York, was a descendant of Elbridge Gerry, the governor of Massachusetts who is commemorated in the word 'gerrymander'.	Gerry Studds	Mineola, New York
place of birth	Born in Bologna, a son of Girolamo Zoppio, Melchiorre Zoppio followed his father's dual career in medicine and education.	Melchiorre Zoppio	Bologna
place of death	When Columbus set off for Spain on January 4, 1492, Luis de Torres was among the 39 men who stayed behind at the settlement of La Navidad founded on the island of Hispaniola.	Luis de Torres	La Navidad
place of death	Shirley Slesinger Lasswell (May 27, 1923 Detroit, Michigan -- July 19, 2007 Beverly Hills, CA) was an American marketer.	Shirley Slesinger Lasswell	Beverly Hills
place of death	Jakob Becker (Dittelsheim at Worms, 15 March 1810, Frankfurt am Main, 22 December 1872) was a German painter.	Jakob Becker	Frankfurt
place of death	Francesco Mottola (3 January 1901 -- 29 June 1969) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest who lived and served in Tropea.	Francesco Mottola	Tropea
place of death	Franjo Džal (born in Bihać, 9 April 1906 - died in Belgrade in September 1945) was a colonel in the Independent State of Croatia's air force.	Franjo Džal	Belgrade
place of death	In 1897 Herbert Giles became only the second professor of Chinese language appointed at the University of Cambridge, succeeding Thomas Wade.	Herbert Giles	Cambridge
place of death	Joseph Thyssen, also Josef Thyssen (Eschweiler, 14 February 1844 -- Mülheim an der Ruhr, 15 July 1915), was a German industrialist.	Joseph Thyssen	Mülheim an der Ruhr
place of death	Domenico Pesenti (Medole, 1843- Mantua, 1918) was an Italian painter and antiquarian.	Domenico Pesenti	Mantua
place of death	Sipan Shiraz (Armenian: Սիփան Շիրազ) (1967, Yerevan -- June 25, 1997, Yerevan) was an Armenian poet, sculptor and painter.	Sipan Shiraz	Yerevan
place of death	Zuzka Zguriška (13 April 1900, Myjava -- 24 September 1984 Prague), born as Ľudmila Šimonovičová, married Dvořáková, was a Slovak novelist, play-writer and translator, and occasional actress.	Zuzka Zguriška	Prague
place of death	Hugo Jury (13 July 1887, Mährisch Rothmühl (now Moravská Radiměř, Radiměř, Czech Republic) -- 8 May 1945, Zwettl, Lower Austria) was an Austrian Nazi.	Hugo Jury	Zwettl
place of death	Henry Tattam (28 December 1788 -- 8 January 1868, Stanford Rivers, Essex) was a Church of England clergyman and Coptic scholar.	Henry Tattam	Stanford Rivers
place of death	Gerdy Troost, full name Gerhardine Troost née Andresen (3 March 1904 in Stuttgart -- 30 January 2003 in Bad Reichenhall) was a German architect and the wife of Paul Ludwig Troost.	Gerdy Troost	Bad Reichenhall
place of death	Louis Charles Auguste Steinheil (born Strassburg, 26 June 1814; died Paris, 17 May 1885) was an Alsatian painter.	Louis Charles Auguste Steinheil	Paris
place of death	Chingünjav was sent to fight in Uriankhai, and Amursana was summoned to Beijing for demanding too big a share of the Dzungar Khanate.	Chingünjav	Beijing
place of death	Mary Garden was one of four daughters; she and two others were born in Aberdeen, Scotland, while another was born in the United States.	Mary Garden	Aberdeen
place of death	María Isabella Cordero Martínez (c. 1987 -- 16 April 2010) was a Mexican television anchorwoman for a local Televisa channel in Chihuahua, Chihuahua, Mexico, and the spokeswoman and director of public relations for CANACO, Chihuahua's local Chamber of Commerce.	María Isabella Cordero	Chihuahua
place of death	Siegfried Bernfeld (May 7, 1892, Lemberg, Galicia, Austria-Hungary (today Ukraine) -- April 2, 1953, San Francisco) was an Austrian psychologist and educator who was a native of Lemberg, which is now Lviv, Ukraine.	Siegfried Bernfeld	San Francisco
place of death	Harold Q. Masur (January 29, 1909 in New York City -- September 16, 2005 in Boca Raton, Florida) was an American lawyer and author of mystery novels.	Harold Q. Masur	Boca Raton
place of death	Thomas Hardie Chalmers died on June 11, 1966 at the Laurelton Nursing Home in Greenwich, Connecticut.	Thomas Hardie Chalmers	Greenwich
place of death	Margarete Kahn (known as Grete Kahn, born 27 August 1880, missing after deportation to Piaski, Poland on 28 March 1942) was a German mathematician and Holocaust victim.	Margarete Kahn	Piaski
place of death	Anna Báró (October 3, 1920 in Bajmok -- October 23, 1994 in Budapest) was a Hungarian stage, film, television and voice actress.	Anna Báró	Budapest
place of death	Alexander Beresch (October 12, 1977, Pervomaisk -- February 29, 2004, Kiev), alternative transliteration Oleksandr Beresh, was a gymnast from Ukraine and Olympic medallist at the 2000 Sydney Games.	Alexander Beresch	Kiev
place of death	Antonio Tempesta (1555 -- 5 August 1630) was an Italian painter and engraver, whose art acted as a point of connection between Baroque Rome and the culture of Antwerp.	Antonio Tempesta	Rome
place of death	Józef Bohdan Zaleski (Bohatyrka, Kiev guberniya, February 14, 1802 -- March 31, 1886, Villepreux, near Paris) was a Polish Romantic poet.	Józef Bohdan Zaleski	Villepreux
place of death	Pierre Bost (5 September 1901, Lasalle, Gard -- 6 December 1975, Paris) was a French screenwriter, novelist, and journalist.	Pierre Bost	Paris
place of death	Karl Heinrich Heydenreich (19 February 1764, Stolpen -- 26 April 1801, Burgwerben) was a German philosopher and poet.	Karl Heinrich Heydenreich	Burgwerben
place of death	Daniel Nettelbladt (14 January 1719, Rostock -- 4 September 1791, Halle) was a German jurist and philosopher.	Daniel Nettelbladt	Halle
place of death	Refet Bele also known as Rafet Bey or Rafet (Refet) Pasha (1877; Salonica -- October 3, 1963; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army and retired as a general.	Refet Bele	Istanbul
place of death	Sophie Müller (Mannheim 19 January 1803 -- Hietzing 20 June 1830) was a German stage actress, one of the most distinguished tragedians of her day.	Sophie Müller	Hietzing
place of death	Philothei was born in Athens in 1522 to an illustrious and wealthy family.	Philothei	Athens
place of death	Domingo de Soto (1494 -- November 15, 1560) was a Dominican priest and Scholastic theologian born in Segovia, Spain, and died in Salamanca at the age of 66.	Domingo de Soto	Salamanca
place of death	Georg Karl Wilhelm Adolf Ebert (1 June 1820, in Kassel -- 1 July 1890, in Leipzig) was a Romance philologist and literary historian from Austria.	Adolf Ebert	Leipzig
place of death	Liu Yongfu was born on 10 October 1837 in the town of Qinzhou (Ch'in-chou, 欽州) in southern China, close to the Vietnamese border.	Liu Yongfu	Qinzhou
place of death	Lauri Rapala (1905, Sysmä -- 1974), Finland, was the founder of Rapala-Normark Group, the world's largest fishing lure and tackle producer.	Lauri Rapala	Finland
place of death	Johan Jacob Döbelius, (29 March 1674, Rostock, Germany -- 14 January 1743, Lund, Sweden), was a professor of medicine.	Johan Jacob Döbelius	Lund
place of death	Rafaela Aparicio (born Rafaela Díaz Valiente; 9 April 1906 -- 9 June 1996 in Madrid) was a famous Spanish film and theatre actress.	Rafaela Aparicio	Madrid
place of death	Adolf Ziegler (16 October 1892 in Bremen -- 18 September 1959 in Varnhalt, today Baden-Baden) was a German painter and politician.	Adolf Ziegler	Varnhalt
place of death	Isidro de Alaix Fábregas, Count of Vergara and Viscount of Villarrobledo, (1790 Ceuta -- October 15, 1853 Madrid) was a Spanish general of the First Carlist War, supporting the cause of the Liberals, who backed Isabella II of Spain and her regent mother Maria Christina.	Isidro de Alaix Fábregas	Madrid
place of death	Heinrich Harder (2 June 1858 -- 5 February 1935) was a German artist and an art professor at the Prussian Academy of Arts in Berlin.	Heinrich Harder	Berlin
place of death	Julio Bolbochán (Buenos Aires, 20 March 1920 -- Caracas, 28 June 1996) was the Argentine chess champion in 1946 and 1948.	Julio Bolbochán	Caracas
place of death	Georg Köberle (21 March 1819 in Nonnenhorn, on Lake Constance -- 7 June 1898 in Dresden) was a German author and dramatist.	Georg Köberle	Dresden
place of death	Louis Alexandre Auguste Chevrolat was a French entomologist, born 29 March 1799 at Paris and died 16 December 1884 in the same city.	Louis Alexandre Auguste Chevrolat	Paris
place of death	Paolo Violi (1932 -- January 22, 1978) was an Italian-Canadian mobster and acting capodecina of the Bonanno crime family's faction in Montreal, the Cotroni crime family.	Paolo Violi	Montreal
place of death	Ferdinando Arborio Gattinara di Breme (or François Brême or Ferdinando Arborio di Gattinara), Duc de Sartirana Lomellina, marquis de Breme (30 April 1807 in Milan -- 23 January 1869 in Florence) was an Italian naturalist and entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera and Diptera.	Ferdinando Arborio Gattinara di Breme	Florence
place of death	Arnold Förster, who was born on 20 January 1810 in Aachen, Germany, where he died on 12 August 1884.	Arnold Förster	Aachen
place of death	Dallas M. Fitzgerald (born August 13, 1876 in La Grange, Kentucky, US; Died: May 9, 1940 (age 63) in Los Angeles) was an American motion picture director and producer, primarily in the silent era.	Dallas M. Fitzgerald	Los Angeles
place of death	Xavier Gosé i Rovira (1876, Alcalá de Henares - 16 March 1915, Lleida) was a Spanish painter and illustrator who worked in the Art Nouveau and Art Déco styles.	Xavier Gosé	Lleida
place of death	Giuseppe Drugman (27 April 1810, Parma - 1 October 1846, Parma) was an Italian landscape and cityscape painter.	Giuseppe Drugman	Parma
place of death	Mattia Preti (24 February 1613 -- 3 January 1699) was an Italian Baroque artist who worked in Italy and Malta.	Mattia Preti	Malta
place of death	Salvador Artigas Sahún (February 23, 1913, Barcelona, Spain -- September 6, 1997, Benidorm, Spain) is a Spanish former footballer and manager.	Salvador Artigas	Benidorm
place of death	Hans Daubmann (born in Torgau, died in 1573 in Königsberg) was a German printer, active in Nuremberg and then Königsberg, Ducal Prussia (at the time a fief of Kingdom of Poland).	Hans Daubmann	Königsberg
place of death	Puccio Capanna was an Italian painter of the first half of the 14th century, who lived and worked in Assisi, Umbria, Italy between 1341 and 1347.	Puccio Capanna	Assisi
place of death	Wilhelm Kalveram (26 March 1882 in Essen - 15 January 1951 in Frankfurt am Main) was a German professor of business administration.	Wilhelm Kalveram	Frankfurt
place of death	Emil Preetorius (15 March 1827 - 19 November 1905) was a 19th-century St. Louis journalist.	Emil Preetorius	St. Louis
place of death	Wilhelm Gericke was an Austrian-born conductor and composer who worked in Vienna and Boston.	Wilhelm Gericke	Vienna
place of death	Mary Elizabeth Pruett Farrington (May 30, 1898 -- July 21, 1984), usually called Elizabeth P. Farrington, was publisher of the Honolulu Star-Bulletin and an American statesman who served as delegate to the United States Congress for the Territory of Hawai'i.	Mary Elizabeth Pruett Farrington	Honolulu
place of death	Diemoth (Diemudus, Diemut, Diemud, Diemuth, Diemod) (born about 1060; died 30 March, probably in 1130) was the name of a recluse at Wessobrunn Abbey in Upper Bavaria, Germany.	Diemoth	Wessobrunn
place of death	Lizzi Waldmüller (May 25, 1904, Knittelfeld, Styria -- April 8, 1945, Vienna) was an Austrian actress and singer whose breakthrough to stardom came through her role as Rachel in the Willi Forst movie Bel Ami in 1939.	Lizzi Waldmüller	Vienna
place of death	Georg Gottlob Ungewitter was born in Wanfried, a small town east of Kassel.	Georg Gottlob Ungewitter	Kassel
place of death	Ramón Alva de la Canal (b. Mexico City, August 29, 1892 -- d. Mexico City, April 4, 1985) was a Mexican painter, illustrator, and educator, one of the pioneers of the Mexican muralism movement.	Ramón Alva de la Canal	Mexico City
place of death	Justus de Verwer (Amsterdam, c. 1625 - Amsterdam, 12 November 1689) was a Dutch painter and illustrator from the period of the Golden Age.	Justus de Verwer	Amsterdam
place of death	Georg Jauss (15 March 1867, in Hattenhofen -- 6 March 1922, in Munich) was a German landscape painter who worked in Bavaria.	Georg Jauss	Munich
place of death	María Cristina Estela Marcela Jurado García, better known as Katy Jurado (January 16, 1924 in Guadalajara, Mexico -- July 5, 2002 in Cuernavaca, Mexico), was a Mexican and American film, stage and television actress.	Katy Jurado	Cuernavaca
place of death	Johann Wilhelm Baur, Joan Guiliam Bouwer, or Bauer (Strasbourg, 31 May 1607 - Vienna, January 1640) was a German engraver, etcher and miniature painter.	Johann Wilhelm Baur	Vienna
place of death	John Harvey Kellogg, M.D. (February 26, 1852 -- December 14, 1943) was an American medical doctor in Battle Creek, Michigan, who ran a sanitarium using holistic methods, with a particular focus on nutrition, enemas, and exercise.	John Harvey Kellogg	Battle Creek
place of death	Karl Schapper (December 30, 1812 in Weinbach -- April 28, 1870, London) was a German socialist and labour leader.	Karl Schapper	London
place of death	James Lackington (31 August 1746, in Wellington, Somerset -- 22 November 1815, in Budleigh Salterton, Devon) was a bookseller who is credited with revolutionizing the British book trade.	James Lackington	Budleigh Salterton
place of death	Christian Wilhelm Karl Ewald, since 1912 von Ewald, (June 18, 1852 in Rehbach - September 2, 1932 in Darmstadt) was a Grand Duchy of Hesse Minister of State and a Reichsgericht member.	Christian Wilhelm Karl Ewald	Darmstadt
place of death	Francesco Stancaro (also Latin: Franciscus Stancarus) (1501 in Mantua -- 1574 in Stopnica) was an Italian Catholic priest, theologian, and Protestant convert, who became professor of Hebrew at the University of Königsberg.	Francesco Stancaro	Stopnica
place of death	Ana Grepo died of carbon monoxide poisoning at her apartment in Osijek.	Ana Grepo	Osijek
place of death	Franca Rame Theatre Company in Milan, with Fo as the director and writer, and Rame the leading actress and administrator.	Franca Rame	Milan
place of death	Viktor Rumpelmayer (7 November 1830 -- 14 June 1885, Vienna) was a 19th-century Austro-Hungarian architect, whose style was a combination of French and Italian influences and the Viennese trends characteristic for the period.	Viktor Rumpelmayer	Vienna
place of death	Dr. Jan Rejsa (September 16, 1886 Prague - December 9, 1971 Prague) was a Czech poet, writer, editor and literary columist.	Jan Rejsa	Prague
place of death	Tankut Öktem (1941, Istanbul - 5 December 2007, İstanbul) was a Turkish sculptor well known especially for his monumental works.	Tankut Öktem	Istanbul
place of death	Václav Laurin (16 October 1865, Kamení near Pěnčín - 13 August 1930, Mladá Boleslav) was a Czech engineer, industrialist and automotive pioneer who, along with Václav Klement, founded automobile manufacturer Laurin & Klement that later became today's Škoda Auto.	Václav Laurin	Mladá Boleslav
place of death	Jim Lounsbury (February 24, 1923 in Colo, Iowa -- January 8, 2006 in Tucson, Arizona) was an early pioneer in rock and roll music and a radio news anchor.	Jim Lounsbury	Tucson
place of death	Johann Andreas Eisenmenger (Mannheim, 1654 -- Heidelberg, December 20, 1704) was a German Orientalist from the Electoral Palatinate, now best known as the author of Entdecktes Judenthum (Judaism Unmasked).	Johann Andreas Eisenmenger	Heidelberg
place of death	Ivan Akimovich Akimov (Russian: Иван Акимович Акимов; 22 May 1755 in Saint Petersburg -- 15 May 1814 in Saint Petersburg) was a Russian painter in the Classical style.	Ivan Akimov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Serge Vandercam (Copenhagen, 1924 -- Wavre, 10 March 2005) was a Danish-born Belgian painter, photographer, sculptor and ceramist associated with the CoBrA group.	Serge Vandercam	Wavre
place of death	Elise Reimarus (22 January 1735, Hamburg, as Margaretha Elisabeth Reimarus -- 2 September 1805, Hamburg) was a German writer, educator, translator and salon-holder.	Elise Reimarus	Hamburg
place of death	Mohammed Rafik Kamalov was a popular imam in Kyrgyzstan who was shot and killed 7 August 2006, in Osh, by Kyrgyz special forces.	Rafik Kamalov	Osh
place of death	Count Jacob Sievers (30 August 1731 in Wesenberg (now Rakvere), Estonia -- 23 July 1808 in Bauenhof, Governorate of Livonia (near what is now Valmiera, Latvia)) was a Russian statesman from the Sievers family.	Jacob Sievers	Livonia
place of death	James Schureman (February 12, 1756 -- January 22, 1824) was an American merchant and statesman from New Brunswick, New Jersey.	James Schureman	New Brunswick
place of death	Bartolomeo Carlo Romilli (1795 - 1859) was Archbishop of Milan from 1847 to 1859.	Bartolomeo Carlo Romilli	Milan
place of death	Benvenuto Tisi (or Il Garofalo) (1481 -- September 6, 1559) was a Late-Renaissance-Mannerist Italian painter of the School of Ferrara.	Benvenuto Tisi	Ferrara
place of death	Dewey Bernard Larson (November 1, 1898; McCanna, North Dakota -- May 25, 1990; Portland, Oregon) was an American engineer and the author of numerous books in the realm of physics, astrophysics and economic science.	Dewey Bernard Larson	Portland
place of death	In 1869, with his wife and five children, Goldman relocated to New York City and hung out a shingle on Pine Street in lower Manhattan, with the legend ``Marcus Goldman & Co.'', setting himself up as a broker of IOUs.	Marcus Goldman	New York City
place of death	Charlie Teagarden (July 19, 1913, Vernon, Texas -- December 10, 1984, Las Vegas, Nevada) was an American jazz trumpeter.	Charlie Teagarden	Las Vegas
place of death	Jean François de Troy (January 27, 1679, Paris -- January 26, 1752, Rome) was a French Rococo painter (including frescoes) and tapestry designer.	Jean François de Troy	Rome
place of death	Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer (Czech: Kilián Ignác Dientzenhofer) (1 September 1689, Prague -- 18 December 1751) was a Bohemian architect of the Baroque era.	Kilian Ignaz Dientzenhofer	Prague
place of death	Charles Tamboueon wins the New Caledonia Championship in 1965 and 1966 with the Frégate de Saint-Louis as a player-coach.	Charles Tamboueon	New Caledonia
place of death	Enrique González Martínez (April 13, 1871 in Guadalajara, Jalisco -- February 19, 1952 in Mexico City) was a Mexican poet, diplomat, surgeon and obstetrician.	Enrique González Martínez	Mexico City
place of death	Jan Arnošt Smoler (German: Johann Ernst Schmaler, born in Merzdorf (a former village in Boxberg, Saxony) on March 3, 1816; died in Bautzen on June 13, 1884) was a Sorbian philologist and writer.	Jan Arnošt Smoler	Bautzen
place of death	Amos Supuni (Malawi, 1970 - Mozambique, December 2008) is a sculptor from Zimbabwe.	Amos Supuni	Mozambique
place of death	Having defeated the Quadi and Sarmatians on the Danube, for which he was given the title Germanicus Maximus, Carus proceeded through Thrace and Asia Minor, annexed Mesopotamia, pressed on to Seleucia and Ctesiphon, and marched his soldiers beyond the Tigris.	Carus	Mesopotamia
place of death	Sophie Wörishöffer, or Sophie Andresen (6 October 1838 in Pinneberg - 8 November 1890 in Altona, Hamburg) was a German writer of over a dozen adventure stories for young people.	Sophie Wörishöffer	Hamburg
place of death	Diego de Rosales (Madrid, 1601 - Santiago de Chile, 1677) was a Spanish chronicler and author of Historia General del Reino de Chile.	Diego de Rosales	Santiago
place of death	Vincenzo Volpe (Grottaminarda, Campania December 14, 1855 -- Naples, February 9, 1929) was an Italian painter.	Vincenzo Volpe	Naples
place of death	Vilém Mathesius (3 August 1882, Pardubice -- 12 April 1945, Prague) was a Czech linguist and literary historian, a scholar of English and Czech literature.	Vilém Mathesius	Prague
place of death	Vasile Suciu (13 January 1873, Kiskopács, Fogaras County -- 25 January 1935, Blaj) was a Romanian Greek-Catholic Metropolitan bishop of the Archdiocese of Făgăraş and Alba Iulia, considered to be the most important theologian of the Greek-Catholic Church in Transylvania.	Vasile Suciu	Blaj
place of death	Domenico Ridola (Ferrandina, 19 October 1841 - Matera, 11 June 1932) was an Italian physician, politician and archaeologist.	Domenico Ridola	Matera
place of death	Bohdan Warchal (27 January 1930 in Orlová, Czechoslovakia -- 30 December 2000 in Bratislava, Slovakia) was a Slovak violinist, a member of the Slovak Philharmonic Orchestra and founder, chief conductor and soloist of the Slovak Chamber Orchestra.	Bohdan Warchal	Bratislava
place of death	Domenico Induno (14 May 1815, Milan - 5 November 1878, Milan) was an Italian painter, primarily of genre and historical scenes.	Domenico Induno	Milan
place of death	France Ačko (born July 23, 1904 in Maribor -- d. December 30, 1974 in Ljubljana) was a Slovenian musician, organist and composer of sacred music.	France Ačko	Ljubljana
place of death	Reinier Vinkeles (1741, Amsterdam -- 1816, Amsterdam), was an 18th-century painter and engraver from the Northern Netherlands, who was the later teacher of several talented artists.	Reinier Vinkeles	Amsterdam
place of death	Sergey Vasilyevich Gerasimov (Russian: Серге́й Васи́льевич Гера́симов; 26 September (O.S. 14 September) 1885 in Mozhaysk, current Moscow Oblast -- 20 April 1964 in Moscow) was a Soviet Russian painter.	Sergey Vasilyevich Gerasimov	Moscow
place of death	Johan Hendrik Weidner (October 22, 1912, Brussels, Belgium - May 21, 1994, Monterey Park, California, United States) was a highly decorated Dutch hero of World War II.	Johan Hendrik Weidner	Monterey Park
place of death	Francisco Hernández Girón, born in Cáceres, Extremadura, died in Lima on December 7, 1554, was a Spanish conquistador.	Francisco Hernández Girón	Lima
place of death	Ulrich Neckel survived the war, only to succumb to tuberculosis while in Arco.	Ulrich Neckel	Arco
place of death	Alfredo Armas Alfonzo (6 August 1921 in Clarines, Anzoátegui, Venezuela, - 9 November 1990 in Caracas, Venezuela) was a Venezuelan writer, critic, editor and historian, well known throughout Latin America.	Alfredo Armas Alfonzo	Caracas
place of death	Hugo Alfaro (Tala, Uruguay, 1917 -- Montevideo, 1996) was a Uruguayan journalist, intellectual and film critic.	Hugo Alfaro	Montevideo
place of death	Gustav Frederik Holm (August 6, 1849 -- March 13, 1940) was a Danish naval officer and Arctic explorer, born at Copenhagen.	Gustav Frederik Holm	Copenhagen
place of death	Ignacio Merino Muñoz (30 January 1817, Piura - 17 March 1876, Paris) was a Peruvian painter who spent much of his life in Paris.	Ignacio Merino	Paris
place of death	Friedrich Hirth, Ph.D. (16 April 1845 Gräfentonna, Saxe-Gotha - 10 January 1927 Munich) was a German-American sinologist.	Friedrich Hirth	Munich
place of death	Mariana Cox Méndez (also, Mariana Cox-Stuven; pseudonyms, Shade and Oliver Brand; Punta Arenas, 1871 - Paris, September 8, 1914) was a Chilean writer, feminist, essayist and novelist.	Mariana Cox Méndez	Paris
place of death	Guillaume Bodinier (1795--1872), a French historical and portrait painter, was born in Angers.	Guillaume Bodinier	Angers
place of death	Christian Friedrich Fritzsche (17 August 1776, Naundorf near Zeitz -- 29 October 1850, Zürich) was a German Protestant theologian.	Christian Friedrich Fritzsche	Zürich
place of death	John White Abbott (13 May 1763 -- 1851) was an English surgeon and apothecary in Exeter, remembered as a keen amateur painter in both watercolour and oils.	John White Abbott	Exeter
place of death	On 19 March, Franz Augsberger was killed in action near Neustadt during an attempt to break out of the city of Oppeln in Upper Silesia, a city that had been declared a fortress and had been completely encircled by Soviet forces.	Franz Augsberger	Neustadt
place of death	Clovis Vincent was born September 26, 1879 in Ingré (Loiret) and died November 14, 1947 in Paris.	Clovis Vincent	Paris
place of death	Hans Hüttig (born 5 April 1894 in Dresden - died 23 February 1980 in Wachenheim) was a German Schutzstaffel (SS) officer and Nazi concentration camp commandant.	Hans Hüttig	Wachenheim
place of death	Bernardino Pérez Elizarán (21 May 1925 Hernani, Guipúzcoa -- 21 October 2002 Valencia), commonly known as Pasieguito, was a Spanish football player and manager.	Pasieguito	Valencia
place of death	Gérard Daniel Westendorp (8 March 1813, The Hague -- 31 January 1869, Dendermonde) was a Dutch born, Belgian military physician and botanist.	Gérard Daniel Westendorp	Dendermonde
place of death	Ludwik Hirszfeld (5 August 1884 in Warsaw -- 7 March 1954 in Wrocław) was a Polish microbiologist and serologist.	Ludwik Hirszfeld	Wrocław
place of death	Ludwig Aaron Gans (born 17 July 1794 in Celle, died 27 June 1871 in Frankfurt) (also spelled Ludwig Ahron Gans) was a German industrialist and owner of the company Cassella.	Ludwig Aaron Gans	Frankfurt
place of death	Angelo Vicardi (Melegnano, 9 October 1936 - 1 January 2006) was an Italian gymnast.	Angelo Vicardi	Melegnano
place of death	Felix Wolfes (Hannover, Germany, September 2, 1892 -- Boston, March 28, 1971) was an American educator, conductor and composer.	Felix Wolfes	Boston
place of death	Jonas Černius (6 January 1898, Kupiškis, Kovno Governorate -- 3 July 1977, Los Angeles) was a Lithuanian general and Prime Minister.	Jonas Černius	Los Angeles
place of death	Otto Brahm (born Otto Abrahamson on 5 February 1856 in Hamburg; died 28 November 1912 in Berlin) was a German drama and literary critic, theatre manager and director.	Otto Brahm	Berlin
place of death	Ida Mett (born Ida Gilman, 20 July 1901 in Smarhoń, Imperial Russia -- 27 June 1973 in Paris, France) was a Belarusian-born anarchist and author.	Ida Mett	Paris
place of death	Joseph Fan Zhongliang S.J. (Chinese: 范忠良; pinyin: Fàn Zhōngliáng; Josephus Vei Zong Leong S.J. 18 December 1918 -- 16 March 2014) was a Chinese Roman Catholic bishop in the Diocese of Shanghai in China.	Joseph Fan Zhongliang	Shanghai
place of death	Fernando Iório Rodrigues (June 23, 1929 in Maceió -- March 20, 2010) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate and professor, who served as the Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Palmeira dos Índios, based in Palmeira dos Índios, from March 1, 1985, until July 12, 2006.	Fernando Iório Rodrigues	Maceió
place of death	Henry Alexander Scammell Dearborn (March 3, 1783, Exeter, New Hampshire -- July 29, 1851, Portland, Maine) was an American lawyer, author, statesman and soldier.	Henry Alexander Scammell Dearborn	Portland
place of death	Johann Rudolph Schellenberg (4 January 1740, Basel -- 8 June 1806, Töss, a district in the city of Winterthur) was a Swiss artist, writer and entomologist best known for his illustrations of insects.	Johann Rudolph Schellenberg	Töss
place of death	Jean-Pierre Samazeuilh, best known as Jean Samazeuilh (17 January 1891, Bordeaux -- 13 April 1965, Mérignac) was a right-handed tennis player competing for France.	Jean-Pierre Samazeuilh	Mérignac
place of death	Father Bonaventure Hepburn, O.M., born James Hepburn, (14 July 1573, East Lothian -- October 1620 or 1621, Venice, Italy), was a Scottish Roman Catholic linguist, lexicographer, philologist and biblical commentator.	Bonaventure Hepburn	Venice
place of death	Johannes Hassebroek (11 July 1910 in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt -- 17 April 1977 in Westerstede) was a German Schutzstaffel (SS) officer and Nazi concentration camp commandant.	Johannes Hassebroek	Westerstede
place of death	Adrian Ludwig Richter (September 28, 1803 -- June 19, 1884), a German painter and etcher, was born at Dresden, the son of the engraver Karl August Richter, from whom he received his training; but he was strongly influenced by Erhard and Chodowiecki.	Adrian Ludwig Richter	Dresden
place of death	Agnès Souret died of peritonitis in September 1928 while on a tour of Argentina.	Agnès Souret	Argentina
place of death	César-Mansuète Despretz (4 May 1791, Lessines -- 15 March 1863, Paris) was a chemist and physicist.	César-Mansuète Despretz	Paris
place of death	Sheikh Saeed bin Maktoum bin Hasher Al Maktoum (1878--1958) (Arabic: سعيد بن مكتوم آل مكتوم‎) was the Ruler of Dubai from 1912 until his death in 1958.	Saeed bin Maktoum bin Hasher Al Maktoum	Dubai
place of death	Silviu Brucan was born in Bucharest to wealthy Jewish parents living in Berzei Street, near Matache Măcelaru Market.	Silviu Brucan	Bucharest
place of death	Marianne Fredriksson, née Persson (March 28, 1927 in Gothenburg -- February 11, 2007 in Österskär) was a Swedish author who worked and lived in Roslagen and Stockholm.	Marianne Fredriksson	Österskär
place of death	Dmitri Bantysh-Kamensky (5 (16) November 1788, Moscow -- January 25 (February 6) 1850, Saint Petersburg) was a Russian statesman and historian.	Dmitri Bantysh-Kamensky	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Rudolf Hauschka (born 6 November 1891 in Vienna, Austria, died 28 December 1969 in Bad Boll, Germany) was an Austrian chemist, author, inventor, entrepreneur and anthroposophist.	Rudolf Hauschka	Bad Boll
place of death	Antonín Puč (16 May 1907 in Jinonice -- 18 April 1988 in Prague) was a former Czech football player, the all-time leading scorer for the Czechoslovak national team.	Antonín Puč	Prague
place of death	Joseph Böhm (Hungarian: Böhm József; 4 April 1795 -- 28 March 1876) was a violinist and a director of the Vienna Conservatory.	Joseph Böhm	Vienna
place of death	Chrysostom Blashkevich, OSB (January 27, 1915, Bely, Tver Oblast, Russian Federation - October 3, 1981, Niederalteich, Germany) was a Benedictine monk of Russian origin.	Chrysostom Blashkevich	Niederalteich
place of death	Norbert Brainin, OBE (Vienna, 12 March 1923 -- London, 10 April 2005) was the first violinist of the Amadeus Quartet, one of the world's most highly regarded string quartets.	Norbert Brainin	London
place of death	Hossein Behzad (1894 -- 13 October 1968) was a prominent painter from Tehran, Iran.	Hossein Behzad	Tehran
place of death	Annette Kolb (born February 3, 1870 in Munich; died December 3, 1967 in Munich) was the working name of German author and pacifist Anna Mathilde Kolb.	Annette Kolb	Munich
place of death	Oskar Zawisza (23 November 1878 in Jablunkov -- 18 January 1933 in Těrlicko) was a Polish Catholic priest, composer and educational activist.	Oskar Zawisza	Těrlicko
place of death	Charles Laughton (1 July 1899 -- 15 December 1962) was an English stage and film character actor, director, producer and screenwriter who had a successful career in Hollywood.	Charles Laughton	Hollywood
place of death	Kemal Kurt (October 29, 1947 in Çorlu, Turkey - October 21, 2002 in Berlin, Germany) was an author, translator and photographer.	Kemal Kurt	Berlin
place of death	The mummy was found in September 1991 in the Ötztal Alps, hence the nickname ``Ötzi'', near the Similaun mountain and Hauslabjoch on the border between Austria and Italy.	Ötzi	Ötztal Alps
place of death	Gardner Quincy Colton (February 17, 1814, Georgia, Vermont -- August 9, 1898, Rotterdam) was an American showman, lecturer, and former medical student who pioneered the use of nitrous oxide in dentistry.	Gardner Quincy Colton	Rotterdam
place of death	Willis Vaughton (20 January 1911 -- 17 December 2007) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town, Sheffield United, Boston United and New Brighton.	Willis Vaughton	Sheffield
place of death	Juliusz Kleiner (April 24, 1886, Lwów -- March 23, 1957, Kraków) was a Polish historian and literary theorist.	Juliusz Kleiner	Kraków
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Schwilgué (born in Strasbourg in 1776, died in the same place in 1856) was the author of the third astronomical clock of Strasbourg Cathedral, built between 1838 and 1843 (not 1842, as it is written on the clock itself).	Jean-Baptiste Schwilgué	Strasbourg
place of death	Ugo Betti (4 February 1892, Camerino -- 9 June 1953, Rome) was an Italian judge, better known as an author, who is considered by many the greatest Italian playwright next to Pirandello.	Ugo Betti	Rome
place of death	Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz y Menduiña (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈklauðjo ˈsantʃeθ alˈβornoθ); Madrid April 7, 1893 -- Ávila July 8, 1984) was an eminent Spanish medieval historian, statesman, and president of the Spanish Republican government in Exile during the rule of Francisco Franco.	Claudio Sánchez-Albornoz y Menduiña	Ávila
place of death	Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel (1928 -- March 5, 2006) (whose surname is alternatively spelled Chasseguet-Smirguel, but generally not in English-language publications) was a leading French psychoanalyst, a training analyst, and past President of the Société psychanalytique de Paris in France.	Janine Chasseguet-Smirgel	Paris
place of death	Philomina's parents were perturbed, when she had to travel to Chennai for the first shoot, it was Moidu Padiyathu who convinced her parents.	Philomina	Chennai
place of death	Caritas Pirckheimer (born 21 March 1467, Eichstätt - died 19 August 1532, Nuremberg) was Abbess of Saint Clara's convent in Nuremberg at the time of the Reformation, which she opposed due to the threat posed by Martin Luther to Catholic houses of worship and religious buildings, including her own convent.	Caritas Pirckheimer	Nuremberg
place of death	Bonaventure was instrumental in procuring the election of Pope Gregory X, who rewarded him with the title of Cardinal Bishop of Albano, and insisted on his presence at the great Second Council of Lyon in 1274.	Bonaventure	Lyon
place of death	Frithjof Andersen (5 April 1893 -- 24 July 1975) is a Norwegian wrestler and Olympic medalist in Greco-Roman wrestling, from Oslo.	Frithjof Andersen	Oslo
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Vivien de Châteaubrun (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ batist vivjɛ̃ də ʃatobʁœ̃); 1686, Angoulême - 16 February 1775, Angoulême) was a French dramatist and a member of the Académie française.	Jean-Baptiste Vivien de Châteaubrun	Angoulême
place of death	Georg von Siemens was born on 21 October 1839 to judicial officer Johann Siemens and Marie Siemens (née von Sperl) in Berlin.	Georg von Siemens	Berlin
place of death	Arthur Wallace (January 4, 1919 in Bear River City, Utah -- October 11, 2008 in Santa Monica, California), was a soil scientist.	Arthur Wallace	Santa Monica
place of death	Erich Wasicky (born May 27, 1911 in Vienna -- died May 28, 1947 at Landsberg Prison, Landsberg am Lech, Allied-occupied Germany) was a pharmacist at the Mauthausen concentration camp in charge of gassing victims.	Erich Wasicky	Landsberg am Lech
place of death	Robert Neddermeyer (3 April 1887 in Altona -- 18 October 1965 in Potsdam) was a political activist who became a Communist politician.	Robert Neddermeyer	Potsdam
place of death	Kyaw Swe was born Maw Ni in 1924 in Yangon to U Ba Nit and Daw Ohn Sein.	Kyaw Swe	Yangon
place of death	Franz Riedweg (10 April 1907 in Lucerne -- 22 January 2005 in Munich) was a Swiss national who, during World War II, served in the Waffen-SS as well as becoming a close associate of Heinrich Himmler.	Franz Riedweg	Munich
place of death	Matteo II Visconti (c. 1319 -- Saronno, September 29, 1355) was co-ruler of Milan together with his brothers Galeazzo II and Bernabò.	Matteo II Visconti	Saronno
place of death	Ivan Craig (né Walter Ivan Sackville Craig, 22 February 1912 in Edinburgh, died 7 March 1995 in Surrey) was a British actor, the son of Dr. Eric S. Craig and Dorothy Gertrude Meldrum.	Ivan Craig	Surrey
place of death	Théophile Poilpot (20 March 1848, Paris -- 6 February 1915, Paris), also known as Théophile-François-Henri Poilpot, was a French panorama painter.	Théophile Poilpot	Paris
place of death	Eduard Schmid (born October 15, 1861 in Ostrach, Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen, died 8 June 1933 in Munich) was Lord Mayor of Munich from 1919 to 1924.	Eduard Schmid	Munich
place of death	Salomón de la Selva born in León Nicaragua on March 20, 1893 and died in Paris, France on February 5, 1959 was a Nicaraguan poet and honorary member of the Mexican Academy of Language.	Salomón de la Selva	Paris
place of death	Richard Houston (1721?--1775) was an Irish mezzotint engraver, whose career was mostly in London.	Richard Houston	London
place of death	Johan Michael Lund (2 September 1753 -- 15 May 1824) was a Norwegian lawyer who hailed from Bergen.	Johan Michael Lund	Bergen
place of death	Marta Grandi (3 July 1915, Bologna -- Bologna, 6 October 2005, Bologna ) was an Italian entomologist who specialised in Ephemeroptera.	Marta Grandi	Bologna
place of death	Philip Bourneuf (January 7, 1908, Somerville, Massachusetts - March 23, 1979, Santa Monica, California) was an American character actor who had a long stage career before appearing in films.	Philip Bourneuf	Santa Monica
place of death	Zilka Salaberry (born in Rio de Janeiro on May 31, 1917; died in Rio de Janeiro, on March 11, 2005) was a Brazilian actress who appeared in a variety of telenovelas.	Zilka Salaberry	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Sister Mary Celine Fasenmyer, R.S.M., (October 4, 1906, Crown, Pennsylvania -- December 27, 1996, Erie, Pennsylvania) was a mathematician.	Mary Celine Fasenmyer	Erie
place of death	Carl Christian Vogel von Vogelstein (26 June 1788, Wildenfels, Kursachsen -- 4 March 1868, Munich), born Vogel, was a German painter.	Carl Christian Vogel von Vogelstein	Munich
place of death	Hans Kühne (born June 3 1880 in Magdeburg - died February 18 1969 in Lindau) was a German chemist on the board of IG Farben and a defendant during the IG Farben Trial.	Hans Kühne	Lindau
place of death	Rudolf Brestel (16 May 1816 in Vienna &ndashk; 3 March 1881) was an Austrian politician.	Rudolf Brestel	Vienna
place of death	Prof. Dr. Adriaan Kortlandt (25 January 1918, Rotterdam - 18 October 2009, Amsterdam) was a Dutch ethologist.	Adriaan Kortlandt	Amsterdam
place of death	Carl Beines (15 December 1869 in Rheydt, a borough of Mönchengladbach-7 October 1950 in Bad Wörishofen) was a German violinist, who for ten years led the Gürzenich Orchestra in Cologne, as well as a pianist, composer, choir director and singing teacher.	Carl Beines	Bad Wörishofen
place of death	Laci Boldemann (24 April 1921 in Helsinki -- 18 August 1969 in Munich) was a Swedish composer of German and Finnish descent.	Laci Boldemann	Munich
place of death	Elga Andersen (born Helga Hymen, February 2, 1935, in Dortmund -- December 7, 1994, in New York City) was a German actress and singer.	Elga Andersen	New York City
place of death	Alun Hoddinott died on 11 March 2008 at Morriston Hospital, Swansea, aged 78, the day after the world première at the Wigmore Hall of his Music for String Quartet, given by the Sacconi Quartet.	Alun Hoddinott	Swansea
place of death	Henry of Bar (c. 1362 -- October 1397 Treviso, Italy) was lord of Marle and the Marquis de Pont-à-Mousson.	Henry of Bar	Treviso
place of death	Hendrik Gerritsz Pot (c. 1580 -- 15 October 1657 (buried)) was a Dutch Golden Age painter, who lived and painted in Haarlem, where he was an officer of the militia, or schutterij.	Hendrik Gerritsz Pot	Haarlem
place of death	Edwin Müller, later Edwin Mueller, (December 2, 1898 in Vienna -- October 4, 1962 in New York City) was an Austrian philatelist.	Edwin Müller	New York City
place of death	Halit Akmansü also known as Dadaylı Halit Bey (1883; Daday, Kastamonu Vilayet - June 4, 1923; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	Halit Akmansü	Istanbul
place of death	Fathi Arafat (January 11, 1933 -- December 1, 2004), born in Cairo, was a Palestinian physician and a founder and long-term chairman of the Palestine Red Crescent Society.	Fathi Arafat	Cairo
place of death	Paul Zweifel (June 30, 1848, Höngg, near Zürich, Switzerland -- August 13, 1927, Leipzig, Germany) was a German gynecologist and physiologist.	Paul Zweifel	Leipzig
place of death	Valentin Vaala (born Valentin Ivanoff) (October 13, 1909 in Helsinki -- November 21, 1976 in Helsinki) was a Russian-born Finnish film director, screenwriter and edited.	Valentin Vaala	Helsinki
place of death	Wilhelm Hasemann (16 September 1850, Mühlberg - 28 November 1913, Gutach) was a German genre painter and illustrator.	Wilhelm Hasemann	Gutach
place of death	Zheng Shiqi (1873, Dingyuan, Anhui, China - 1935, Jinan, Shandong, China), was a Chinese General, military governor of Shandong (1923--25) and Anhui (1925).	Zheng Shiqi	Jinan
place of death	Erwin Anton Gutkind (May 20, 1886, Berlin -- 7 August 1968, Philadelphia), was a German-Jewish architect and city planner, who left Berlin in 1935 for Paris, London and then Philadelphia, where he became a member of the faculty of the University of Pennsylvania.	Erwin Anton Gutkind	Philadelphia
place of death	Thomas Humphrey Cushing (November, 1755 -- October 19, 1822) was an officer in the Continental Army, and later the United States Army, and finally became a collector of customs for the port of New London, Connecticut.	Thomas Humphrey Cushing	New London
place of death	František R. Kraus (October 14, 1903, Prague - May 19, 1967, Prague) was a Czechoslovak Jewish anti-fascist writer, journalist and editor.	František R. Kraus	Prague
place of death	Louis-Félix Chabaud was born on March 14, 1824 in Venelles, in the South of France.	Louis-Félix Chabaud	Venelles
place of death	Herman Tollius (28 February 1742, Breda -- 29 April 1822, Leiden) was a Dutch philologist and historian.	Herman Tollius	Leiden
place of death	On July 17, 1954, Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius died in Broomall, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Vincas Krėvė-Mickevičius	Broomall, Pennsylvania
place of death	Margaret Hendrie (née Griffith, born 1935) was a writer from the Oceanian nation of Nauru.	Margaret Hendrie	Nauru
place of death	Agnes Giberne (19 November 1845 in Belgaum, India -- 20 August 1939 in Eastbourne, England) was a prolific British author who wrote fiction with moral or religious themes for children and also books on astronomy for young people.	Agnes Giberne	Eastbourne
place of death	André du Bouchet died in 2001 at the age of 76, in Truinas, Drôme, France.	André du Bouchet	Truinas
place of death	John Jonston (in Polish, Jan Jonston; in Latin, Joannes Jonstonus; Szamotuły, 15 September 1603 -- 1675, Legnica) was a Polish scholar and physician, descended from Scottish nobility and closely associated with the Polish magnate family of the Leszczyńskis.	John Jonston	Legnica
place of death	According to the Los Angeles County coroner's office Jason Rhoades' death was caused by accidental drug intoxication and heart disease.	Jason Rhoades	Los Angeles
place of death	Prince Şehzade Mehmed Ertuğrul Efendi (September 5, 1912 in Çengelköy Palace, Çengelköy, Bosphorus -- July 2, 1944 in Cairo) was the only son of Sultan Mehmed VI and his third wife HH Şadiye Müveddet Kadın Efendi.	Mehmed Ertuğrul Efendi	Cairo
place of death	Otto Seitz, was a 19th-century German painter; born 3 September 1846 in Munich.	Otto Seitz	Munich
place of death	Louis Hercule Timoléon de Cossé-Brissac, Duke of Brissac (14 February 1734, Paris - 9 September 1792, Versailles) was a French military commander and peer of France.	Louis Hercule Timoléon de Cossé-Brissac	Paris
place of death	Amédée Domenech (May 3, 1933, Narbonne -- September 21, 2003 Brive-la-Gaillarde) was a French rugby union prop.	Amédée Domenech	Brive-la-Gaillarde
place of death	It is certain that she was known by that nickname by 1876, because the arrival of the Hickok wagon train was reported in the Deadwood newspaper, the Black Hills Pioneer, on July 15, 1876, with the headline: ``Calamity Jane has arrived!''.	Calamity Jane	Deadwood
place of death	Walther Judeich (5 October 1859, Dresden -- 24 February 1942, Jena) was a German ancient historian.	Walther Judeich	Jena
place of death	George Swinton Legaré (November 11, 1869 -- January 31, 1913) was a politician from South Carolina; born in Rockville, S.C. Shortly after birth moved to Charleston, S.C. At Charleston, he graduated from the Porter Military Academy, now the exclusive Porter-Gaud School, in 1889.	George Swinton Legaré	Charleston
place of death	Mario Abbate (born in Naples, 10 August 1927 -- died 6 August 1981) was an Italian singer, famous as an exponent of Neapolitan songs.	Mario Abbate	Naples
place of death	Marguerite Georges was born Marguerite-Josephine Weimer in Bayeux, the daughter of a German employed in the theatre orchestra in Amiens.	Marguerite Georges	Bayeux
place of death	Ludvig Oskar (January 5, 1874 in Kuusalu, Estonia -- June 1, 1951 in Oldenburg, Germany) was an Estonian painter.	Ludvig Oskar	Oldenburg
place of death	Bartolomeo Caporali (c. 1420-c. 1505 ; active 1454-1499) was an Italian painter born and active in Perugia.	Bartolomeo Caporali	Perugia
place of death	Luigi Conconi (Milan, 1852--1917) was an Italian painter, who is considered part of the Scapigliatura movement.	Luigi Conconi	Milan
place of death	The Blessed Frédéric Janssoone, O.F.M., (also known as Blessed Frederic of Ghyvelde) (19 November 1838, Ghyvelde, France -- 4 August 1916, Montreal, Canada) was a French-born Franciscan friar and Catholic priest who worked in France, Egypt, Palestine and Quebec, where he died.	Frédéric Janssoone	Montreal
place of death	From 1991 until his death in Paris in February 2014, King Kester Emeneya lived mostly in France with his family.	King Kester Emeneya	Paris
place of death	Barrie Cooke (1931, Cheshire, England -- 4 March 2014, Leighlinbridge, County Carlow, Ireland) was an English-born Irish abstract expressionist painter.	Barrie Cooke	Leighlinbridge
place of death	Adam Colonia (12 August 1634 -- September 1685) was a Dutch Golden Age painter active in London.	Adam Colonia	London
place of death	Nicolás Espinoza (sometimes Nicolás Espinosa) (November 1795, Tenancingo, Cuscatlán -- March 1845, Nacaome, Honduras), general and licenciado, governed the State of El Salvador from April 10, 1835 to November 15, 1835.	Nicolás Espinoza	Honduras
place of death	Aguinaldo Fonseca (22 September 1922; Mindelo, Cape Verde -- 24 January 2014; Lisbon, Portugal) was a Cape Verdean poet.	Aguinaldo Fonseca	Lisbon
place of death	Karl Keck was killed in action near Avenay on the Western Front on the 11 July 1944, and awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross for his actions in June 1944.	Karl Keck	Avenay
place of death	Alonso de Covarrubias (Torrijos, Toledo 1488 -- 1570) was a Spanish architect and sculptor of the Renaissance, active mainly in Toledo.	Alonso de Covarrubias	Toledo
place of death	Lebuinus (also known as Lebuin, Lebwin or Liafwin(e)), Apostle of the Frisians and patron of Deventer (born in England of Anglo-Saxon parents, date unknown; died at Deventer c. 775).	Lebuinus	Deventer
place of death	Leopold Loeske (24 October 1865, Hohensalza -- 29 March 1935, Bad Harzburg) was a German watchmaker and amateur bryologist.	Leopold Loeske	Bad Harzburg
place of death	On 9 April 1945, while the Battle of Vienna was raging only a few miles away, Ida Orloff committed suicide at her home in the suburb of Tullnerbach.	Ida Orloff	Tullnerbach
place of death	Laurent Riboulet (18 April 1871 in Lille, France -- 4 September 1960 in Lille, France) was a tennis player competing for France.	Laurent Riboulet	Lille
place of death	Natalia Dumitresco (born Natalia Dumitrescu; 1915 in Bucharest, Romania -- 1997 in Chars, France) was a French-Romanian abstract painter associated with the Réalités Nouvelles salon of Paris after the Second World War, a movement influenced by the art of Wassily Kandinsky and Alberto Magnelli.	Natalia Dumitresco	Chars
place of death	Leonhardt Schröter (c. 1532 -- c. 1601) was a German Renaissance choirmaster, teacher, and composer at Magdeburg.	Leonhardt Schröter	Magdeburg
place of death	Mekertitch Harutyunyan (Armenian: Մկրտիչ Գրիգորի Հարությունյան) known by pen name Mkrtich Armen (Armenian: Մկրտիչ Արմեն; December 27, 1906 in Gyumri - December 22, 1972 in Yerevan) was an Armenian writer.	Mkrtich Armen	Yerevan
place of death	Maurice Ohana (June 12, 1913 -- November 13, 1992 in Paris) was a French composer.	Maurice Ohana	Paris
place of death	Barbara Christian (December 12, 1943 in St. Thomas, US Virgin Islands -- June 25, 2000 in Berkeley, California) was an author and professor of African-American Studies at the University of California, Berkeley.	Barbara Christian	Berkeley, California
place of death	Louis Falco was born in New York City of southern Italian immigrant parents.	Louis Falco	New York City
place of death	Gordon Mulholland (1921, England -- 30 June 2010, East London, South Africa) was a British actor best known for his performances in the TV soap opera The Villagers and the movie Jock of the Bushveld.	Gordon Mulholland	East London
place of death	Matt Woods (1 November 1931 - 26 September 2014) was a former professional footballer who played for Everton, Blackburn Rovers, Sydney Hakoah, Luton Town and Stockport County.	Matt Woods	Stockport
place of death	Edward Troye (born July 12, 1808 in Lausanne, Switzerland - died July 25, 1874 in Georgetown, Kentucky), was a painter of American Thoroughbred horses.	Edward Troye	Georgetown
place of death	Prof Peter Hadland Davis FLS FRSE (18 June 1918 in Weston-super-Mare -- 5 March 1992 in Edinburgh) was a British botanist.	Peter Hadland Davis	Edinburgh
place of death	Domingo Francisco de San Antón Muñón Chimalpahin Quauhtlehuanitzin (1579, Amecameca, Chalco--1660, Mexico City), usually referred to simply as Chimalpahin or Chimalpain, was a Nahua annalist from Chalco.	Chimalpahin	Mexico City
place of death	Onésime-Aristide Croisy was born in Fagnon, a village in the Ardennes, on 31 March 1840.	Aristide Croisy	Fagnon
place of death	Menkheperre Necho I (Egyptian: Nekau, Greek: Νεχώς Α' or Νεχώ Α', Akkadian: Niku) (? -- 664 BCE near Memphis) was a ruler of the Ancient Egyptian city of Sais.	Necho I	Memphis
place of death	Jan Thomas or Jan Thomas van Ieperen (also Jan Thomas van Yperen) (5 February 1617 -- 6 September 1673) was a Flemish Baroque painter and engraver active in Antwerp and at the Habsburg court in Vienna.	Jan Thomas van Ieperen	Vienna
place of death	Born in Rome, Scalamogna debuted in 1965, when he founded the duo Dany & Gepy with Daniela Casa, and shortly after started his solo career as Gepy & Gepy.	Gepy & Gepy	Rome
place of death	Bertil Lindblad (Örebro, 26 November 1895 -- Saltsjöbaden, outside Stockholm, 25 June 1965) was a Swedish astronomer.	Bertil Lindblad	Saltsjöbaden
place of death	Đorđe Vajfert (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђорђе Вајферт, German: Georg Weifert; 15 June 1850, Pančevo -- 12 January 1937, Belgrade) was a Serbian industrialist of German descent, Governor of the National Bank of Serbia and later Yugoslavia.	Đorđe Vajfert	Belgrade
place of death	Edgar Evans then joined Scott's first Antarctic expedition in Discovery in 1901--1904.	Edgar Evans	Antarctic
place of death	Fanni Luukkonen (March 13, 1882, Oulu - October 27, 1947, Helsinki) was the longtime leader of the Finnish Lotta Svärd, a voluntary auxiliary organisation for women.	Fanni Luukkonen	Helsinki
place of death	Nicholas Pennell (19 November 1938 -- 22 February 1995) was an English actor who appeared frequently on film and television in the 1960s and emigrated to Stratford, Ontario, Canada, where he became a stalwart of the Stratford Festival.	Nicholas Pennell	Stratford
place of death	Giovanni Battista de Toni (2 January 1864, Venice -- 31 July 1924, Modena) was an Italian botanist, mycologist and phycologist.	Giovanni Battista de Toni	Modena
place of death	Louise Antoinette Lannes, Duchess of Montebello (February 26, 1782, Paris -- July 3, 1856, Paris) was a French courtier, Mistress of the Robes to Empress Marie Louise of France.	Louise Antoinette Lannes, Duchess of Montebello	Paris
place of death	Ernst Josephson (16 April 1851, Stockholm, Sweden -- 22 November 1906) was a Swedish painter from a prominent Jewish family, whose main work was done on portraits and paintings of folk life.	Ernst Josephson	Stockholm
place of death	Gerhard Kittel (September 23, 1888 in Breslau -- July 11, 1948 in Tübingen) was a German Protestant theologian, and lexicographer of biblical languages.	Gerhard Kittel	Tübingen
place of death	Jan Otčenášek (Prague 19 November 1924 - 24 February 1979) was a Czech novelist and playwright.	Jan Otčenášek	Prague
place of death	Josef Ladislav Píč (January 19, 1847 in Mšeno near Mělník -- December 19, 1911 in Prague) was Czech archaeologist and paleontologist, one of founders of modern Czech archaeology.	Josef Ladislav Píč	Prague
place of death	Emil Doepler ``the Younger'' (29 October 1855 in Munich -- 21 December 1922 in Berlin) was a German Art Nouveau illustrator, decorative artist, and art teacher.	Emil Doepler	Berlin
place of death	Johannes Henricus Gerardus Jansen (9 May 1868 - 6 February 1936) was a former Archbishop of Utrecht and Roman Catholic Primate of the Netherlands.	Johannes Henricus Gerardus Jansen	Utrecht
place of death	Jakob Josef Petuchowski (1925 -- 1991) was an American research professor of Jewish Theology and Liturgy and professor of Judeo-Christian Studies at the Jewish Institute of Religion at Hebrew Union College, Cincinnati, Ohio.	Jakob Josef Petuchowski	Cincinnati
place of death	Pavel Ivanovich Melnikov (alias Andrey Pechersky, Russian: Па́вел Ива́нович Ме́льников (Андре́й Пече́рский), 1818, Nizhny Novgorod--1883, ibidem) was a Russian writer, best known for his novels In the Forests and On the Hills, which describe the unique life of Transvolga and use its dialects.	Pavel Ivanovich Melnikov	Nizhny Novgorod
place of death	Claude-François-Xavier Millot (5 March 1726, Ornans, Doubs -- 20 March 1785, Paris) was a French churchman and historian.	Claude-François-Xavier Millot	Paris
place of death	On November 29, 1865, at age fifty-four, Isaac A. Van Amburgh suffered a fatal heart attack in Philadelphia.	Isaac A. Van Amburgh	Philadelphia
place of death	Francesco Nasini (Piancastagnaio, either 1611 or 1621-- Castel del Piano, 1695) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in towns outside of Siena, Italy.	Francesco Nasini	Castel del Piano
place of death	Samuel Glazer died from leukemia at the Cleveland Clinic in Cleveland, Ohio, on March 12, 2012, at the age 89.	Samuel Glazer	Cleveland Clinic
place of death	Emil Otto Zacharias (January 27, 1846, Leipzig -- October 2, 1916, Kiel) was a German zoologist, plankton researcher and journalist.	Otto Zacharias	Kiel
place of death	Werner Nachmann (12 August 1925 in Karlsruhe, Germany -- 21 January 1988), was a German entrepreneur and politician, and was president of the Central Council of Jews in Germany (Zentralrat der Juden in Deutschland) from 1969 to 1988.	Werner Nachmann	Karlsruhe
place of death	Hippias of Elis (/ˈhɪpiəs/; Greek: Ἱππίας; late 5th century BC) was a Greek sophist, and a contemporary of Socrates.	Hippias	Elis
place of death	Mary Higham (1819--1883) was a merchant in Fremantle and a founding member of the Fremantle Chamber of Commerce.	Mary Higham	Fremantle
place of death	Félix Louis Leullier (1811 -- 1882 in Paris) was a French painter who painted mostly religious subjects.	Félix Louis Leullier	Paris
place of death	A statue of Ken Curtis as Festus can be found at 430 Pollasky Avenue in Clovis, California, in Fresno County in front of the Educational Employees Credit Union.	Ken Curtis	Fresno
place of death	Lieutenant-General Sir Lothian Nicholson KCB (19 January 1827 -- 27 June 1893) was Governor of Gibraltar.	Lothian Nicholson	Gibraltar
place of death	Jean Schramme (March 25, 1929, Bruges, Belgium -- December 14, 1988, Rondonópolis, Brazil) was a Belgian mercenary and planter.	Jean Schramme	Rondonópolis
place of death	Leo Durocher died in 1991 in Palm Springs, California at the age of 86, and is buried in Forest Lawn, Hollywood Hills Cemetery in Los Angeles.	Leo Durocher	Palm Springs
place of death	Emilio Petiva (January 30, 1890 in Turin -- 17 September 1980 in Turin) was an Italian cyclist.	Emilio Petiva	Turin
place of death	Gotthold Salomon (November 1, 1784, Sandersleben (Anhalt-Dessau) -- November 17, 1862, Hamburg ) was a German Jewish rabbi, politician and Bible translator.	Gotthold Salomon	Hamburg
place of death	Hephaestion was cremated in Babylon in the presence of the entire army.	Hephaestion	Babylon
place of death	Amparo Iturbi gave piano lessons to selected students in the early 1960s from her home in Beverly Hills.	Amparo Iturbi	Beverly Hills
place of death	Johann Christian Jüngken (12 June 1794, Burg bei Magdeburg -- 9 September 1875, Hanover) was a German ophthalmologist and surgeon.	Johann Christian Jüngken	Hanover
place of death	Pons Augustin Alletz (born 1703 in Montpellier, died 7 March 1785 in Paris) was a French agronomist.	Pons Augustin Alletz	Paris
place of death	Girolamo Crescentini (/ˌdʒɪrəˈlæmoʊ ˌkrɛʃənˈtiːni/; Urbania, 2 February 1762 -- Naples 24 April 1846) was a noted Italian singer castrato (sopranista), a singing teacher and a composer.	Girolamo Crescentini	Naples
place of death	Franz Migerka (20 September, 1828 in Reintal, Lower Austria - 21 February, 1915 in Vienna) was a prominent Austrian museologist.	Franz Migerka	Vienna
place of death	Viktor Janka von Bulcs, often shortened to Viktor Janka (24 December 1837 in Vienna - 9 August 1890 in Budapest) was a Hungarian botanist.	Viktor Janka	Budapest
place of death	Despite his low opinion of painting, Michelangelo also created two of the most influential frescoes in the history of Western art: the scenes from Genesis on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel in Rome, and The Last Judgment on its altar wall.	Michelangelo	Rome
place of death	Wilhelm Stiassny (15 October 1842, Pressburg (Bratislava) -- 11 July 1910, Bad Ischl) was a Jewish Austrian architect.	Wilhelm Stiassny	Bad Ischl
place of death	Carl Friedrich von Ledebour (8 July 1786, Stralsund -- 4 July 1851, Munich; also Karl Friedrich von Ledebour) was a German-Estonian botanist.	Carl Friedrich von Ledebour	Munich
place of death	Edward Grady Partin, Sr. (February 27, 1924 -- March 11, 1990), was a business agent of the Teamsters Union in Baton Rouge, Louisiana.	Edward Grady Partin	Baton Rouge
place of death	Désiré André (André Antoine Désiré) (March 29, 1840, Lyon -- 1917 or 1918, Paris) was a French mathematician, best known for his work on Catalan numbers and alternating permutations.	Désiré André	Paris
place of death	Friedrich Schauta (July 15, 1849 - January 10, 1919) was an Austrian surgeon and gynecologist born in Vienna.	Friedrich Schauta	Vienna
place of death	Dr. Mohamed Lamine Debaghine (born January 24, 1917 in Hussein Dey, Algeria -- died January 23, 2003 in Algiers, Algeria) was an Algerian politician and independence activist.	Mohamed Lamine Debaghine	Algiers
place of death	Otto Nückel (Cologne, 6 September 1888 -- Cologne, 12 November 1955) was a German painter, graphic designer, illustrator and cartoonist.	Otto Nückel	Cologne
place of death	Stanisław Musiał (May 1, 1938, Łososina Górna, Poland -- March 5, 2004 Kraków) was a pioneer and leader of Catholic-Jewish dialogue and Polish-Jewish reconciliation.	Stanisław Musiał	Kraków
place of death	Antti Ahlström (7. November 1827, Merikarvia -- 10. May 1896, Helsinki) founded the Ahlstrom Corporation.	Antti Ahlström	Helsinki
place of death	François Perroux (December 19, 1903, Saint-Romain-en-Gal -- June 2, 1987, Stains) was a French economist.	François Perroux	Stains
place of death	John A. Mulheren, Jr. (June 20, 1949 in The Bronx, New York -- December 15, 2003 in Rumson, New Jersey) was an American businessman, investor, and philanthropist.	John A. Mulheren	Rumson
place of death	Farinelli sang at Bologna in 1727, where he met the famous castrato Antonio Bernacchi, twenty years his senior.	Farinelli	Bologna
place of death	Anacleto Angelini resided in a modest apartment in a middle-class neighborhood in Santiago.	Anacleto Angelini	Santiago
place of death	Charles Conder; his life and work (London: John Lane, 1914).	Charles Conder	London
place of death	Diogo de Azambuja (born Montemor-o-Velho, 1432; died 1518) was a Portuguese noble.	Diogo de Azambuja	Montemor-o-Velho
place of death	Alex Bein (Hebrew: אלכסנדר ביין) (born Alexander Bein on 21 January 1903, Steinach an der Saale in Bavaria, southern Germany; died 20 June 1988, Stockholm) was a Jewish scholar in Jewish culture and history, one of the founders of Zionist historiography.	Alex Bein	Stockholm
place of death	Jacques Bonne-Gigault de Bellefonds was appointed Archbishop of Paris on March 4, 1746, with Benedict XIV confirming the appointment on May 2, 1746.	Jacques Bonne-Gigault de Bellefonds	Paris
place of death	Joaquín Toesca y Ricci (Rome; 1745 -- Santiago; June 11, 1799), born Gioacchino Toesca, was an Italian architect who worked for the king and governors of the Spanish Empire, especially in colonial Chile.	Joaquín Toesca	Santiago
place of death	Arnold Kutzinski (August 17, 1879 in Berlin -- December 26, 1956 in Jerusalem) was a Jewish German psychiatrist and neurologist, known as an outspoken critic of psychoanalysis.	Arnold Kutzinski	Jerusalem
place of death	Marcos de Torres y Rueda (April 25, 1591, Almazán, Spain -- April 22, 1649, Mexico City) was bishop of Yucatan (1646--1649), interim viceroy of New Spain, and president of the Audiencia of New Spain.	Marcos de Torres y Rueda	Mexico City
place of death	Birendra Krishna Bhadra (Bengali: বীরেন্দ্রকৃষ্ণ ভদ্র) (1905--1991) was an Indian broadcaster, playwright, actor, reciter and theatre director from Kolkata, and a contemporary of Pankaj Mallick and Kazi Nazrul Islam.	Birendra Krishna Bhadra	Kolkata
place of death	Rafael Menjívar Ochoa (born and died in San Salvador, August 17, 1959 -- April 27, 2011) was a Salvadoran writer, novelist, journalist and translator.	Rafael Menjívar Ochoa	San Salvador
place of death	Bartholomäus Zeitblom (c. 1450 -- c. 1519) was a German painter, the chief master of the school of Ulm, where he is on official record from 1482 to 1518.	Bartholomäus Zeitblom	Ulm
place of death	Harald Juhnke (pronounced ``you-nka'') (10 June 1929 in Berlin-Charlottenburg -- 1 April 2005 in Rüdersdorf near Berlin), actually Harry Heinz Herbert Juhnke, was a well-known German actor, comedian and entertainer.	Harald Juhnke	Rüdersdorf
place of death	Francisco Lloris y de Borja died in Rome on July 22, 1506 aged about 36, ``a victim of his immoral life'' (víctima de su vida inmoral).	Francisco Lloris y de Borja	Rome
place of death	Jacob Huydecoper was born in Elmina to Willem Huydecoper and local woman Akosewa Kombati.	Jacob Huydecoper	Elmina
place of death	Ferdinand Tönnies (German: (ˈtœniːs); 26 July 1855, near Oldenswort, Eiderstedt, North Frisia, Schleswig -- 9 April 1936, Kiel, Germany) was a German sociologist and philosopher.	Ferdinand Tönnies	Kiel
place of death	Franciszek Mączyński (21 September 1874 in Wadowice -- 28 June 1947 in Kraków) was a Polish Art Nouveau architect.	Franciszek Mączyński	Kraków
place of death	Rosario Garibaldi Bosco (Palermo, July 28, 1866 - Turin, December 2, 1936) was an Italian Republican-inspired socialist, politician and writer.	Rosario Garibaldi Bosco	Turin
place of death	James A. Long (27 August 1898 in York, Pennsylvania, USA -- 19 July 1971 in California, USA) was a theosophist and president of the Theosophical Society Pasadena.	James A. Long	California
place of death	Walter Moraes (13 November 1934 in Catanduva, São Paulo, Brazil -- 17 November 1997 in Diadema, São Paulo), was a Brazilian jurist, Catholic thinker, professor of the University of São Paulo Faculty of Law, judge at the High Court of São Paulo.	Walter Moraes	Diadema, São Paulo
place of death	Ivan Melezh (Belarusian: Іван Паўлавіч Мележ, Russian: Ива́н Па́влович Ме́леж ; 8 February 1921, Hlinischy, Homiel Voblast -- August 9, 1976, Minsk) was a Belarusian writer.	Ivan Melezh	Minsk
place of death	Frans Crabbe van Espleghem was a Flemish artist born c. 1480 Mechelen, Belgium, d. 1553 Mechelen, Belgium.	Frans Crabbe van Espleghem	Mechelen
place of death	George Somers Clarke (1841--1926) was an architect and English Egyptologist who worked at a number of sites throughout Egypt, notably in El Kab, where he built a house.	Somers Clarke	Egypt
place of death	Bernhard Sekles was born in Frankfurt am Main, the son of Maximilian Seckeles and Anna, (née Bischheim).	Bernhard Sekles	Frankfurt
place of death	Hendrik Scheffer (The Hague, 25 September 1798-Paris, 15 March 1862) was a Dutch painter in the Romantic tradition who lived in France for most of his life.	Hendrik Scheffer	Paris
place of death	Julien Dubuque (January 1762 -- 24 March 1810) was a French Canadian of Norman origins from the area of Champlain, Quebec who arrived near what now is known as Dubuque, Iowa -- which was named after him.	Julien Dubuque	Iowa
place of death	After his training in Amsterdam with François Boitard and Bernard Picart, Jacques Aved started working in Paris for Belle in 1721.	Jacques Aved	Paris
place of death	Giuseppe Del Rosso (May 16, 1760 -- December 22, 1831) was an architect and architectural writer mainly in late 18th and early 19th-century Florence and Tuscany.	Giuseppe Del Rosso	Florence
place of death	Karol Hławiczka (14 February 1894 in Ustroń - 22 July 1976 in Cieszyn) was a Polish composer, pianist, teacher and Chopinologist.	Karol Hławiczka	Cieszyn
place of death	According to legend, Bystrík was murdered during the Vatha pagan rising of 1046 near the Danube in present-day Budapest together with bishop Gerard Sagredo (Hungarian: Gellért) and bishop Buldus (Bőd), as they were en route to Budapest for the coronation of the future king, Andrew I of Hungary.	Bystrík	Budapest
place of death	Conrad Wells (1892 New York, New York -- January 2, 1930 Santa Monica, California) American cinematographer and editor.	Conrad Wells	Santa Monica
place of death	José Antonio Roca García (24 May 1928 at Mexico City -- 4 May 2007 at Mexico City) was a former Mexican football player and manager.	José Antonio Roca	Mexico City
place of death	Count John Maurice Hauke (German: Johann Moritz Hauke Polish: Jan Maurycy Hauke) (26 October 1775 in Seifersdorf, near Dresden, Saxony -- 29 November 1830 in Warsaw, Congress Poland, Russian Empire) was a professional soldier.	John Maurice Hauke	Warsaw
place of death	Giacomo Carboni (29 April 1889 -- 2 December 1973) was an Italian general who was the commander of Corpo d'armata motocorazzato deployed around Rome in the early days of September 1943.	Giacomo Carboni	Rome
place of death	Raimondo Manzini (18 February 1901, Lodi, Lombardy -- 14 January 1988, Rome) was a veteran Catholic journalist and former Christian Democratic member of Italy's Parliament, who was director of L'Osservatore Romano from 1960 to 1978.	Raimondo Manzini	Rome
place of death	Joan Wheeler Ankrum (January 8, 1913 Palo Alto, California -- December 20, 2001 Los Angeles, California) was an American film actress of the 1930s and founder of the Ankrum Gallery on La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles.	Joan Wheeler	Los Angeles
place of death	Wassila Ben Ammar (Tunisian Arabic: وسيلة بن عمار‎), was born in 1912 in Béja and died on June 22, 1999 in La Marsa, Tunis.	Wassila Ben Ammar	La Marsa
place of death	Herta Oberheuser (15 May 1911 in Cologne, German Empire -- 24 January 1978 in Linz am Rhein, West Germany) was a Nazi physician at the Auschwitz and Ravensbrück concentration camps from 1940 until 1943.	Herta Oberheuser	Linz am Rhein
place of death	Epitácio Pessoa would live until 13 February 1942, when he died in Nova Betânia, part of Petrópolis (Rio de Janeiro).	Epitácio Pessoa	Petrópolis
place of death	Piotr Choynowski (Warsaw, 27 August 1885 -- 25 November 1935, Otwock) was a Polish writer, novelist and translator; an elected member of the prestigious Polish Academy of Literature from 1933.	Piotr Choynowski	Otwock
place of death	Rudolf Felder (2 May 1842 Vienna -- 29 March 1871 Vienna) was an Austrian jurist and entomologist.	Rudolf Felder	Vienna
place of death	Bengt Nordenberg (April 22, 1822 -- December 18, 1902) was a Swedish artist who belonged to the Düsseldorf school of painting.	Bengt Nordenberg	Düsseldorf
place of death	The nephew of fellow German international Arthur Hiller, Marius Hiller was born in Pforzheim, Germany and died in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Marius Hiller	Buenos Aires
place of death	Vruir Galstian was born in 1924, in Yerevan, Armenia.	Vruir Galstian	Yerevan
place of death	Arimondo Silvio, called Alimondo Ciampi (December 18, 1876 in San Mauro a Signa -- December 8, 1939 in Florence) was an Italian sculptor.	Alimondo Ciampi	Florence
place of death	Otto Weininger was born on April 3, 1880, in Vienna as a son of the Jewish goldsmith Leopold Weininger and his wife Adelheid.	Otto Weininger	Vienna
place of death	Dr. Adam Nayyar (1948 Bahawalpur - July 29, 2008 Islamabad) was a Pakistani anthropologist, author and ethnomusicologist.	Adam Nayyar	Islamabad
place of death	Martin Flämig (19 August 1913 in Aue -- 13 January 1998 in Dresden) was a German church musician, cantor of the Dresdner Kreuzchor from 1971 to 1991.	Martin Flämig	Dresden
place of death	Hanns Hörbiger was born in Atzgersdorf, a suburb of Liesing, Vienna and studied engineering at the local Technical College.	Hanns Hörbiger	Liesing
place of death	Francesco Vanni (1563 -- 26 October 1610) was an Italian painter of the Mannerist style, active in Rome and his native city of Siena.	Francesco Vanni	Siena
place of death	George F. Argetsinger (1874 in Pennsylvania -- February 11, 1951 in Rochester, Monroe County, New York) was an American politician from New York.	George F. Argetsinger	Rochester
place of death	The son of Latino Condivi and Vitangela de' Ricci, Ascanio Condivi was a nobleman born in the town of Ripatransone in the Marche.	Ascanio Condivi	Ripatransone
place of death	After years of political differences with Chiang Kai-shek, Sun Fo returned to serve in the government of the Republic of China in Taipei as a Senior Advisor to President Chiang from 1965, and as President of the Examination Yuan from 1966 until his death in 1973.	Sun Fo	Taipei
place of death	Adele Jergens-Langan, retired from the screen since 1956, died on November 22, 2002, from pneumonia, in her Camarillo, California home.	Adele Jergens	Camarillo
place of death	Ethel Hill (April 6, 1898, Sacramento, California -- May 17, 1954, Hollywood, California) was an American screenwriter and race horse owner.	Ethel Hill	Hollywood
place of death	Thomas Gallus of Vercelli (ca. 1200-1246), sometimes in early twentieth century texts called Thomas of St Victor, Thomas of Vercelli or Thomas Vercellensis, was a French theologian, a member of the School of St Victor.	Thomas Gallus	Vercelli
place of death	Cesare Dandini (October 1, 1596 -- February 7, 1657) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in his native city of Florence.	Cesare Dandini	Florence
place of death	Angelo Michele Colonna (21 September 1604 - 1687) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active in Bologna, northern and central Italy and Spain.	Angelo Michele Colonna	Bologna
place of death	Mehmet Kenan Dalbaşar, also known as Kenan Bey (1886; Istanbul - March 23, 1935; Istanbul) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the general of the Turkish Army.	Mehmet Kenan Dalbaşar	Istanbul
place of death	Said Ramadan (Arabic: سعيد رمضان‎; born April 12, 1926 in Shibin Al Kawm, Al Minufiyah, died August 4, 1995 in Geneva) was an Egyptian religious scholar and activist, and a major figure in the Muslim Brotherhood.	Said Ramadan	Geneva
place of death	Italo Brancucci (1904, La Spezia -- 1958, Rome) was an Italian composer and singing teacher.	Italo Brancucci	Rome
place of death	John Albert I, Duke of Mecklenburg, in older literature known as John or Johann (23 December 1525 in Güstrow -- 12 February 1576 in Schwerin), was the reigning Duke of Mecklenburg-Güstrow from 1547 to 1556 and of Mecklenburg-Schwerin from 1556 to 1576.	John Albert I, Duke of Mecklenburg	Schwerin
place of death	Ábrahám Ganz (November 6, 1814, Unter-Embrach - December 15, 1867, Pest) was a Swiss-born Hungarian iron manufacturer, machine and technical engineer, father of the Ganz companies.	Ábrahám Ganz	Pest
place of death	Eugene C. Eppley (April 8, 1884 -- October 14, 1958) also known as Gene, was a hotel magnate in Omaha, Nebraska.	Eugene C. Eppley	Omaha
place of death	Francisco Javier de Lizana y Beaumont (1750 in Arnedo, La Rioja, Spain -- March 6, 1815 in Mexico City) was bishop of Mexico and, from July 19, 1809 to May 8, 1810, viceroy of New Spain.	Francisco Javier de Lizana y Beaumont	Mexico City
place of death	Antun Sorkočević (Italian: Antonio Sorgo, French: Antoine Sorgo) (December 12, 1775 -- February 14, 1841 in Paris, France), was a diplomat, writer, composer and member of Ragusan nobility (chevalier des odres de Saint Maurice et de Saint Lazare demeurant a Paris).	Antun Sorkočević	Paris
place of death	Veli bek Jedigar died of heart attack in Buenos Aires, on December 13, 1971.	Veli bek Jedigar	Buenos Aires
place of death	August Scherl, a German newspaper magnate, was born on 24 July 1849 in Düsseldorf, and died on 18 April 1921 in Berlin.	August Scherl	Berlin
place of death	Alfred Barye ``Le Fils'' or Alf Barye (Paris, France, 21 January 1839 -- Paris, France, 1882) was an French sculptor, of the Belle Époque, pupil of his father the artist Antoine-Louis Barye.	Alfred Barye	Paris
place of death	(In fact, Maria Osten was executed in Saratov prison on September 16, 1942).	Maria Osten	Saratov
place of death	Agostino Melissi (Florence, 1615 -- Florence, 1683) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Florence.	Agostino Melissi	Florence
place of death	Francisco Javier de Burgos y del Olmo (October 22, 1778, Motril--January 22, 1848, Madrid) was a Spanish jurist, politician, journalist, and translator.	Javier de Burgos	Madrid
place of death	Abdulla Qodiriy was born on April 10, 1894, in Tashkent, then Russian Turkestan.	Abdulla Qodiriy	Tashkent
place of death	Kurt Hessenberg (August 17, 1908 -- June 17, 1994) was a German composer and professor at the Hochschule für Musik und Darstellende Kunst in Frankfurt am Main.	Kurt Hessenberg	Frankfurt
place of death	Jim Harley (21 February 1917 -- 1989) was a footballer who played for Liverpool.	Jim Harley	Liverpool
place of death	Jeanne Hersch (Geneva, 13 July 1910 -- Geneva, 5 June 2000) was a Swiss philosopher of Polish origin, whose works dealt with the concept of freedom.	Jeanne Hersch	Geneva
place of death	François Nardi (7 December 1861, Nice -- 28 November 1936, Toulon) was a French painter of Italian heritage who specialized in maritime scenes.	François Nardi	Toulon
place of death	Francis George Atkinson (1874 -- 6 December 1902) was the first district officer in Jesselton at British North Borneo.	Francis George Atkinson	North Borneo
place of death	Josef Knubel was born in 1881 at St. Niklaus, Switzerland.	Josef Knubel	St. Niklaus
place of death	Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot was born in Paris into a family that was distinguished in both science and politics.	Nicolas Léonard Sadi Carnot	Paris
place of death	Roger de Saint-Lary de Termes, duc de Bellegarde (December 10, 1562 -- July 13, 1646 in Paris), nephew of Roger de Saint-Lary de Bellegarde, was a French duke.	Roger de Saint-Lary de Termes	Paris
place of death	August Meitzen (born 16 December 1822 in Breslau; died 19 January 1910 in Berlin) was a German statistician.	August Meitzen	Berlin
place of death	Alfonso Reyes Ochoa (17 May 1889 in Monterrey, Nuevo León -- 27 December 1959 in Mexico City) was a Mexican writer, philosopher and diplomat.	Alfonso Reyes	Mexico City
place of death	William C. Thompson, (30 March 1889 in Bound Brook, New Jersey -- 22 October 1963 in Los Angeles) was an American cinematographer.	William C. Thompson	Los Angeles
place of death	Friedrich Benjamin Osiander (9 February 1759, Zell unter Aichelberg -- 25 May 1822, Göttingen) was an obstetrician at Göttingen, who invented uterine traction forceps.	Friedrich Benjamin Osiander	Göttingen
place of death	Hans John was born in Ziegenhain, Hesse, and studied law at the University of Berlin.	Hans John	Berlin
place of death	Edward MacCabe or McCabe (Dublin, 14 February 1816 -- Kingstown, 11 February 1885) was the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Dublin from 1879 until his death and a Cardinal from 1882.	Edward MacCabe	Dublin
place of death	José Antonio Estudillo (November 2, 1803 -- July 20, 1852) was a Californio and an early settler of San Diego, California when California was part of New Spain.	José Antonio Estudillo	San Diego
place of death	Giovanni Battista Nauclerio (Naples, 1666 - Naples, 1739) was an Italian architect and engineer, active in Naples, Italy.	Giovanni Battista Nauclerio	Naples
place of death	Giuseppe Campani (1635--July 28, 1715) was an Italian optician and astronomer who lived in Rome during the latter half of the 17th century.	Giuseppe Campani	Rome
place of death	Jakob Alešovec (pronounced (ˈjaːkɔp aˈleːʃɔvəts)) (Skaručna, 24 July 1842 -- 17 October 1901, Ljubljana) was an ethnic-Slovene Austrian writer and dramatist.	Jakob Alešovec	Ljubljana
place of death	Kay Hammond died in Brighton, aged 71, from undisclosed causes, on 4 May 1980.	Kay Hammond	Brighton
place of death	Richard Fritz Behrendt (6 February 1908 in Gliwice, Upper Silesia -- 17 October 1972 in Basel) was a German sociologist.	Richard Fritz Behrendt	Basel
place of death	In 1987 he moved to Tavertet in Catalonia, in the hills north of Barcelona, where he founded the Raimon Panikkar Vivarium Foundation, a center for intercultural studies.	Raimon Panikkar	Tavertet
place of death	Bartolomé Lobo Guerrero (1546-January 12, 1622) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Lima (1607-1622) and the second Archbishop of Santafé en Nueva Granada (1596-1607).	Bartolomé Lobo Guerrero	Lima
place of death	José Sabogal (Cajabamba, March 19, 1888 -- Lima, December 15, 1956) was a Peruvian painter and muralist who was ``the most renowned early supporter'' and thus a leader in the artistic indigenist movement of his country.	José Sabogal	Lima
place of death	Georg Flegel (1566 -- 23 March 1638, Frankfurt-am-Main) was a German painter, best known for his still life works.	Georg Flegel	Frankfurt
place of death	Charles Edenshaw (ca. 1839--1920) was a Haida artist from Haida Gwaii, British Columbia, Canada.	Charles Edenshaw	British Columbia
place of death	She recorded only one solo album, Bongi Makeba, Blow On Wind (pläne-records) before she died of complications following childbirth in 1985 and was buried in Conakry, Guinea.	Bongi Makeba	Conakry
place of death	Jai Singh Prabhakar (14 June 1882 -- 19 May 1937) was a Maharaja of the princely state of Alwar from 1892 to 1937.	Jai Singh Prabhakar	Alwar
place of death	Eugénio dos Santos de Carvalho (1711-1760) was a Portuguese architect and military engineer, responsible for the planning and rebuilding of Lisbon's Pombaline Lower Town after the 1755 earthquake.	Eugénio dos Santos	Lisbon
place of death	Klaus Mehnert (October 10, 1906, Moscow, Russia - January 2, 1984, Freudenstadt, Germany) was a globetrotting German political scientist and a journalist.	Klaus Mehnert	Freudenstadt
place of death	Raimundo Fernández-Cuesta y Merelo (5 October 1896, Madrid -- 9 July 1992, Madrid) was a leading Spanish politician with both the Falange and its successor movement the Spanish Traditionalist Phalanx of the Assemblies of National-Syndicalist Offensive.	Raimundo Fernández-Cuesta	Madrid
place of death	Rudolf Hruska (2 July 1915 in Vienna - 4 December 1995 in Turin) was an Austrian automobile designer and engineer, most famous for his design of various Alfa Romeo cars.	Rudolf Hruska	Turin
place of death	Davide Danti (Milan, 27 February 1938 -- Pisa, 4 August 2011) was an Italian illustrator/artist/translator.	Davide Danti	Pisa
place of death	Ece Ayhan Çağlar (1931, Muğla -- July 13, 2002, İzmir) was a contemporary Turkish poet.	Ece Ayhan Çağlar	İzmir
place of death	Joan Coromines i Vigneaux (Catalan pronunciation: (ʒuˈaŋ kuɾuˈminəs)) (also frequently spelled Joan Corominas; Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain 1905 -- Pineda de Mar, Catalonia, Spain, 1997) was a linguist who made important contributions to the study of Catalan, Spanish, and other Romance languages.	Joan Coromines	Pineda de Mar
place of death	Jan Pieter van Suchtelen, Count of Liikkala, Pyotr Kornilovich Suhtelen (2 August 1751, Grave--6 January 1836, Stockholm), was born in the Netherlands, and was a general in the Russian army during the Russo-Swedish War (1808--1809).	Jan Pieter van Suchtelen	Stockholm
place of death	Alcides Arguedas Díaz (La Paz, July 15, 1879 - Chulumani, May 6, 1946) was a writer, politician, and Bolivian historian.	Alcides Arguedas	Chulumani
place of death	José Falcó Sanmartín (September 27, 1916 in Barcelona -- May 10, 2014 in Toulouse) was a Spanish flying ace.	José Falcó Sanmartín	Toulouse
place of death	William Alvord (January 3, 1833 -- December 21, 1904) was a San Francisco merchant, banker and political leader.	William Alvord	San Francisco
place of death	Adam Bromberg (* 12 March 1912 at Lublin, then Russian Empire,† 23 March 1993 at Stockholm, Sweden) was a Polish publisher.	Adam Bromberg	Stockholm
place of death	Alaric Alexander Watts (16 March 1797 -- 5 April 1864) was a British poet and journalist, born in London.	Alaric Alexander Watts	London
place of death	Paul Kwilecki s (1928--2009) was a photographer from Bainbridge, Georgia, U.S.A. Institutions holding a collection of his work include the Center for Documentary Studies at Duke University.	Paul Kwilecki	Bainbridge, Georgia
place of death	Antenor Patiño Rodríguez (Oruro, Bolivia, 12 October 1896 -- New York City, 2 February 1982) was a Bolivian tycoon, heir to his father Simón I. Patiño, called ``the King of Tin''.	Antenor Patiño	New York City
place of death	Prince Andrzej Poniatowski (16 July 1734/5 - Vienna, 3/5 March 1773) was a Polish nobleman (Szlachcic), General and Field Marshal.	Andrzej Poniatowski	Vienna
place of death	José Antonio Pavón Jiménez or José Antonio Pavón (April 22, 1754, Casatejada, Cáceres, Spain -- 1840, Madrid) was a Spanish botanist known for researching the flora of Peru and Chile.	José Antonio Pavón Jiménez	Madrid
place of death	Gurusaday Dutt Scholarships are also being awarded by the Sylhet Union(Srihatta Sammilani), Kolkata for brilliant students pursuing post-graduate studies.	Gurusaday Dutt	Kolkata
place of death	Christian Edward Detmold (2 February 1810 Hanover - 2 July 1887 New York City) was an engineer.	Christian Edward Detmold	New York City
place of death	Richard Foxe (sometimes Richard Fox) (c. 1448 -- 5 October 1528) was an English churchman, successively Bishop of Exeter, Bath and Wells, Durham, and Winchester, Lord Privy Seal, and founder of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.	Richard Foxe	Winchester
place of death	Frederic John Sidney Parry (28 October 1810 -- 1 February 1885, Bushey Heath) was an English entomologist who specialised in Coleoptera, principally Lucanidae.	Frederic John Sidney Parry	Bushey
place of death	Dorothy Hale (January 11, 1905 -- October 21, 1938) was an American socialite and aspiring actress who killed herself by jumping off a building in New York City.	Dorothy Hale	New York City
place of death	Igor Kvasha was born in Moscow, the son of scientist Vladimir Ilich Kvasha, of the faculty of Mendeleev Russian University of Chemistry and Technology.	Igor Kvasha	Moscow
place of death	Rodolfo Biagi (March 14, 1906, in Buenos Aires -- September 24, 1969) was an Argentine Tango musician who started his musical career by playing background music for silent movies, and this was where he was first discovered by a tango band leader.	Rodolfo Biagi	Buenos Aires
place of death	Vincenzo Galdi (Naples, 1871 -- Rome, December 23, 1961) was an Italian model and photographer.	Vincenzo Galdi	Rome
place of death	Rahel la Fermosa (Ladino for ``Rachel the Beautiful''; originally Rahel Esra; c. 1165, Toledo -- 1195, Toledo) was a Jewish woman who lived in Toledo, Spain in the twelfth century.	Rahel la Fermosa	Toledo
place of death	Michael Gough died on 17 March 2011, in London, after a short illness.	Michael Gough	London
place of death	Richard of Cirencester (Latin: Ricardus de Cirencestria; c. 1335 -- c. 1401) was a cleric and minor historian of the Benedictine abbey at Westminster.	Richard of Cirencester	Westminster
place of death	Johannes Pauli (born about 1455; died after 1530 in the monastery of Thann in Alsace) was a German Franciscan writer.	Johannes Pauli	Thann
place of death	Charles Rohault de Fleury (or Rohaut de Fleury; 22 September 1801 -- 11 August 1875) was a French architect who designed many buildings in Paris, France, in the 19th century.	Charles Rohault de Fleury	Paris
place of death	In 1913, Naiche moved to the Mescalero Indian Reservation in New Mexico.	Naiche	New Mexico
place of death	Giancarlo Primo (November 4, 1924, Rome -- December 27, 2005, Civita Castellana, Italy) was an Italian basketball player and coach.	Giancarlo Primo	Civita Castellana
place of death	George Akropolites, Latinized as Acropolites or Acropolita (Greek: Γεῶργιος Ἀκροπολίτης, Georgios Akropolitês, 1217 or 1220 -- 1282), was a Byzantine Greek historian and statesman born at Constantinople.	George Akropolites	Constantinople
place of death	On 7 February 1941 at Keren, Eritrea, Subadar Richhpal Ram led a successful attack on the enemy and subsequently repelled six counter-attacks and then, without a shot left, brought the few survivors of his company back.	Richhpal Ram	Keren, Eritrea
place of death	Chief Solano, original native name Sem-Yeto, meaning ``brave or fierce hand'', and christianed at about age ten with the Spanish name Francisco Solano, was born about 1798-1800 near Suisun Bay, California in California.	Sem-Yeto	California
place of death	Alexander von Humboldt was born in Berlin in Prussia on 14 September 1769.	Alexander von Humboldt	Berlin
place of death	Pierre Watkin (December 29, 1889 in Sioux City, Iowa -- February 3, 1960 in Hollywood, California) was an American character actor in many films, serials, and television series from the 1930s through the 1950s, especially westerns.	Pierre Watkin	Hollywood
place of death	Richard Delbrück (14 July 1875, Jena -- 22 August 1957, Bonn) was a German classical archaeologist who specialized in the field of ancient Roman portraiture.	Richard Delbrück	Bonn
place of death	Richard Polwhele's ancestors long held the manor of Treworgan, 4 3/4 miles south-east of Truro in Cornwall, which family bore as arms:	Richard Polwhele	Truro
place of death	Pedro de Villagra y Martínez (Mombeltrán, Ávila Province ; 1513 - Lima; September 11, 1577) was a Spanish soldier who participated in the conquest of Chile, being appointed its Royal Governor between 1563 and 1565.	Pedro de Villagra	Lima
place of death	Georges Dumézil (French: (dymezil); 4 March 1898 -- 11 October 1986, Paris) was a French comparative philologist best known for his analysis of sovereignty and power in Proto-Indo-European religion and society.	Georges Dumézil	Paris
place of death	Johann Friedrich Theodor Müller (31 March 1821 -- 21 May 1897), better known as Fritz Müller, and also as Müller-Desterro, was a German biologist who emigrated to southern Brazil, where he lived in and near the German community of Blumenau, Santa Catarina.	Fritz Müller	Blumenau
place of death	Luca Antonio Colomba (1674--1737) was a Swiss Baroque painter born at Arogno.	Luca Antonio Colomba	Arogno
place of death	Noel Counihan (4 October 1913 -- 5 July 1986) was an Australian social realist painter, printmaker, cartoonist and illustrator active in the 1940s and '50s in Melbourne.	Noel Counihan	Melbourne
place of death	Albert Toft (Birmingham 3 June 1862 -- 18 December 1949 Worthing, Sussex) was an English sculptor.	Albert Toft	Worthing
place of death	Jack Micheline (November 6, 1929 -- February 27, 1998), born Harold Martin Silver, was an American painter and poet from the San Francisco Bay Area.	Jack Micheline	San Francisco
place of death	Friedrich Torberg (16 September 1908, Vienna, Alsergrund -- 10 November 1979, Vienna) is the pen-name of Friedrich Kantor, an Austrian writer.	Friedrich Torberg	Vienna
place of death	Lorenz Helmschmied or ``Helmschmid'' (active 1467-1515) was a German armorer and a member of the Helmschmied family of armourers from Augsburg.	Lorenz Helmschmied	Augsburg
place of death	Werner Marx (19 September 1910 in Mülheim -- 21 November 1994 in Bollschweil Priory) was a German philosopher and expert on Heidegger's thought.	Werner Marx	Bollschweil
place of death	Charles Louis Ambroise Thomas (5 August 1811 -- 12 February 1896) was a French composer, best known for his operas Mignon (1866) and Hamlet (1868, after Shakespeare) and as Director of the Conservatoire de Paris from 1871 till his death.	Ambroise Thomas	Paris
place of death	Bartolomeo Ammannati (18 June 1511 -- 13 April 1592) was an Italian architect and sculptor, born at Settignano, near Florence.	Bartolomeo Ammannati	Florence
place of death	Eugenio Beltrami (November 16, 1835 in Cremona -- 18 February, 1900 in Rome) was an Italian mathematician notable for his work concerning differential geometry and mathematical physics.	Eugenio Beltrami	Rome
place of death	Charles Dillon Perrine (July 28, 1867 -- June 21, 1951) was an American astronomer living in Argentina.	Charles Dillon Perrine	Argentina
place of death	Michael Hofbauer (6 January 1964, Prague -- 10 January 2013) was a Czech film actor who gained popularity mainly in children's roles.	Michael Hofbauer	Prague
place of death	Born a generation after Stradivarius and Guarnerius, with no direct link to the great tradition, violin making made an unlikely comeback in Cremona in the person of Lorenzo Storioni and his two followers, Giovanni Rota and Giovanni Battista Ceruti.	Lorenzo Storioni	Cremona
place of death	On July 3, 1916, Hetty Green died at age 81 at her son's New York City home.	Hetty Green	New York City
place of death	Mykola Bazhan was born in city of Kamenyets, an administrative center of Podolia Governorate, yet his youth years he spent in Uman, Kiev Governorate.	Mykola Bazhan	Kiev
place of death	Agathon Léonard or Léonard Agathon van Weydevelt (1841 Lille - 1923 Paris), was a French Art Nouveau sculptor.	Agathon Léonard	Paris
place of death	Pardon Tillinghast (1625--1718) was an early settler of Providence, Rhode Island, a public official there, and a pastor of the Baptist Church of Providence.	Pardon Tillinghast	Providence
place of death	Heinrich Schultz (misspelled also Heinrich Schults; 23 September 1924 -- 1 October 2012) was an Estonian cultural functionary, the organizer of international jazz festivals in Tallinn, Estonia, then part of the Soviet Union.	Heinrich Schultz	Tallinn
place of death	Maurice Lévy (February 28, 1838, Ribeauvillé -- September 30, 1910, Paris) was a French engineer and member of the Institut de France.	Maurice Lévy	Paris
place of death	Blessed Jacoba of Settesoli (Italian: Giacoma de Settesoli; 1190--1273) was a follower of the Italian saint Francis of Assisi.	Jacoba of Settesoli	Assisi
place of death	Rolf Rodenstock (1 July 1917 -- 6 February 1997) was a German industrialist and photographer who was born and died in Munich.	Rolf Rodenstock	Munich
place of death	John Whitgift's early education was entrusted to his uncle, Robert Whitgift, abbot of the neighbouring Wellow Abbey, on whose advice he was sent to St Anthony's School, London.	John Whitgift	London
place of death	György Kmety (Felsőpokorágy, 24 May 1813 -- London, 25 April 1865) was a general in the Hungarian army, and in the Ottoman army under the name Isma'il Pasha.	György Kmety	London
place of death	Antonio Curò (21 June 1828, Bergamo -- 10 May 1906) was an Italian engineer and entomologist.	Antonio Curò	Bergamo
place of death	Ida Vos (maiden name Gudema) (Groningen, December 13, 1931 -- Amstelveen, April 3, 2006) was a Dutch author.	Ida Vos	Amstelveen
place of death	Eufrasia Burlamacchi was born in Lucca as a member of the wealthy Burlamacchi family.	Eufrasia Burlamacchi	Lucca
place of death	Gustav Ferdinand Hertz (born August 2, 1827 as David Gustav Hertz in Hamburg, died September 8, 1914) was a Hamburg lawyer and senator.	Gustav Ferdinand Hertz	Hamburg
place of death	Cuno Hoffmeister (2 February 1892 -- 2 January 1968) was a German astronomer and founder of Sonneberg Observatory.	Cuno Hoffmeister	Sonneberg
place of death	This was followed in 1941 by Panggilan Darah, in which Soerip was cast with Dhalia as orphaned sisters who try to make a living in the colonial capital of Batavia (now Jakarta).	Soerip	Jakarta
place of death	Dorothea Wilhelmine of Saxe-Zeitz (20 March 1691, in Bad Elster -- 17 March 1743, in Kassel) was a duchess of Saxe-Zeitz by birth and by marriage Landgravine of Hesse-Kassel.	Dorothea Wilhelmine of Saxe-Zeitz	Kassel
place of death	Andreas Acoluthus (16 March 1654 -- 4 November 1704) was a German scholar of orientalism and professor of theology at Breslau (Wrocław).	Andreas Acoluthus	Wrocław
place of death	Abdelhamid Abou Zeid (born Mohamed Ghadir; 1965 -- 25 February 2013) was an Algerian national and Islamist jihadi militant and smuggler who, in about 2010, became one of the top three military commanders of al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), a Mali-based militant organization.	Abdelhamid Abou Zeid	Mali
place of death	Johann Jacob Heber (1666--1727) was a surveyor and geometrician from the city of Lindau, Germany.	Johann Jacob Heber	Lindau
place of death	Louise Stanley retired from acting, and died from cancer in Cocoa Beach, Florida in 1982.	Louise Stanley	Cocoa Beach
place of death	From 1958, Joan Hickson lived in Rose Lane, Wivenhoe along the River Colne 43 miles from London in Essex, until her death in 1998.	Joan Hickson	Wivenhoe
place of death	Augustin Alexis Damour (19 July 1808, Paris -- 22 September 1902, Paris) was a French mineralogist who was also interested in prehistory.	Alexis Damour	Paris
place of death	Harald Netzbandt (3 August 1892 in Berlin -- died 27 May 1941 in the North Atlantic) was an officer of the Imperial German Navy, the Reichsmarine and later the Kriegsmarine.	Harald Netzbandt	North Atlantic
place of death	Jean Doré (12 December 1944 -- 15 June 2015) was a Canadian politician and mayor of the City of Montreal, Quebec.	Jean Doré	Montreal
place of death	Georges Thierry d'Argenlieu was born in Brest on 7 August 1889, in a family of Navy officers.	Georges Thierry d'Argenlieu	Brest
place of death	Evaristo Baschenis (December 7, 1617 -- March 16, 1677) was an Italian Baroque painter of the 17th century, active mainly around his native city of Bergamo.	Evaristo Baschenis	Bergamo
place of death	Ivan Shadr (Russian: Иван Шадр), pseudonym of Ivan Dmitriyevich Ivanov (Russian: Ива́н Дми́триевич Ивано́в; 11 February (O.S. 30 January) 1887, Shadrinsk, now Kurgan Oblast -- 3 April 1941, Moscow) was a Russian/Soviet sculptor and medalist who took his pseudonym after his hometown of Shadrinsk.	Ivan Shadr	Moscow
place of death	Roman Erich Petsche (born 3 February 1907 in Gottschee, Slovenia, died 1993 in Ried im Innkreis, Upper Austria) was an Austrian teacher, school attendant and painter.	Roman Erich Petsche	Ried im Innkreis
place of death	Adriaen Backer (ca 1635, Amsterdam -- buried 23 May 1684, Amsterdam) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter, active in Amsterdam and Haarlem.	Adriaen Backer	Amsterdam
place of death	Fodéba Keïta (January 19, 1921 in Siguiri -- May 27, 1969 at Camp Boiro) was a Guinean dancer, musician, writer, playwright, composer and politician.	Fodéba Keïta	Camp Boiro
place of death	Ivan Olbracht (born Kamil Zeman) (6 January 1882, Semily, Bohemia - 20 December 1952, Prague) was a Czech writer, journalist and translator of German prose.	Ivan Olbracht	Prague
place of death	Luca Montuori (Avellino, 18 February 1859 -- Genoa, 8 March 1952) was an Italian general during World War I.	Luca Montuori	Genoa
place of death	Giacomo Monico (1776--1851) was an Italian prelate who was named Patriarch of Venice in 1827 and Cardinal in 1833.	Giacomo Monico	Venice
place of death	Jacobus de Kerle (Ypres 1531/1532 - Prague 7 January 1591) was a Flemish composer and organist of the late Renaissance.	Jacobus de Kerle	Prague
place of death	Roberts Pakalns spent almost his entire football career with ASK Riga.	Roberts Pakalns	Riga
place of death	Károly Kerényi died on 14 April 1973 in Kilchberg/Zurich and is buried on the cemetery of Ascona.	Károly Kerényi	Kilchberg
place of death	Paul Hutchens (April 7, 1902, Thorntown, Indiana -- January 23, 1977, Colorado Springs, Colorado) was an American author.	Paul Hutchens	Colorado Springs
place of death	Francesco Daverio (April 3, 1815 in Varese -- June 3, 1849 in Rome) was a patriot of the Italian unification, Chief of Staff of the Roman Republic, and an engineer.	Francesco Daverio	Rome
place of death	Aaron Rosenberg (August 26, 1912, Brooklyn, New York -- September 1, 1979, Torrance, California) was an ``all-American'' college football player and a film and television producer with more than sixty credits.	Aaron Rosenberg	Torrance
place of death	Johann Wolfgang Baumgartner (1702 in Ebbs, Tirol; † September 7 1761 in Augsburg) was a Austrian-German Rococo painter.	Johann Wolfgang Baumgartner	Augsburg
place of death	Zemach Shabad (Hebrew: שאבאד צמח‎, Polish: Cemach Szabad, Russian: Цемах Шабад, Tsemakh Shabad) (February 5, 1864, Vilnius, Russian Empire (now Lithuania) -- January 20, 1935, Vilnius) was a Jewish doctor and social and political activist.	Zemach Shabad	Vilnius
place of death	Albert Vizentini was a French violinist, composer, conductor and music writer, born in Paris on 9 November 1841, and died there on 21 October 1906.	Albert Vizentini	Paris
place of death	Stephen Ellis Garrett (November 11, 1974 -- February 25, 2008), also known as Static Major, was a Grammy Award-winning American R&B and hip hop recording artist from Louisville, Kentucky, USA.	Static Major	Louisville
place of death	Hans Goltz (11 August 1873 in Elbing (Elbląg), Prussia, Germany--21 October 1927 in Baden-Baden) was a German art dealer, known as a pioneer of modernism in art.	Hans Goltz	Baden-Baden
place of death	Antonín Kraft (December 30, 1752, Rokycany -- 28 August 1820, Vienna) was a Czech cellist and composer.	Antonín Kraft	Vienna
place of death	John Medley Wood (1 December 1827 Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, England - 26 August 1915 Durban) was a South African botanist who contributed greatly to the knowledge of Natal ferns, is generally credited with the establishment of sugarcane mosaic virus immune Uba sugar cane in Natal and for his extensive collection of Natal plants.	John Medley Wood	Durban
place of death	Jan Mark died suddenly at her home in Oxford from meningitis-related septicaemia in January 2006, aged 62.	Jan Mark	Oxford
place of death	John Haviland (1792--1852) was an English-born architect who was a major figure in American Neo-Classical architecture, and one of the most notable architects working from Philadelphia in the 19th century.	John Haviland	Philadelphia
place of death	Gustav Otto Klemm (March 8, 1884 in Leipzig - 5 January, 1939 in Leipzig) was a German psychologist and philosopher, as well as the first chair as Professor of Applied Psychology at the University of Leipzig.	Otto Klemm	Leipzig
place of death	Kurt Martti Wallenius (July 25, 1893 in Kuopio -- May 3, 1984 in Helsinki) was a Finnish Major General.	Kurt Martti Wallenius	Helsinki
place of death	Lorenzo del Moro (1677-1735) was an Italian painter of the Rococo period, active mainly in his native Florence, and painting mainly quadratura.	Lorenzo del Moro	Florence
place of death	Orban, also known as Urban (died 1453), was an iron founder and engineer from Brassó, Transylvania, in the Kingdom of Hungary (today Brașov, Romania), who cast superguns for the Ottoman siege of Constantinople in 1453.	Orban	Constantinople
place of death	Johan Peter Wotapek von Ritterwald, judge from the Tábor City in South Bohemian Region, ennobled on November 1763 by Maria Theresa of Austria.	Johan Peter Wotapek von Ritterwald	Tábor
place of death	Gert Haller (30 April 1944; Tübingen - 11 April 2010; Bremen) was a German manager, politician and controversial lobbyist of the Austrian financial group Wüstenrot & Württembergische AG. He died after a short serious illness aged 65.	Gert Haller	Bremen
place of death	Rudolf Redlinghofer was transferred to Berlin Plötzensee Prison, arriving there on 30 December 1939.	Rudolf Redlinghofer	Berlin Plötzensee
place of death	Arganthonios (Argantonio in Spanish) was a king of ancient Tartessos (in Andalusia, southern Spain).	Arganthonios	Tartessos
place of death	Émile Baraize (28 August 1874 -- 15 April 1952, Cairo) was a French Egyptologist.	Émile Baraize	Cairo
place of death	Henri Royer (22 January 1869, Nancy -- 31 October 1938, Neuilly-sur-Seine was a French painter, remembered especially for his genre works from Brittany.	Henri Royer	Neuilly-sur-Seine
place of death	František Kmoch was born in Zásmuky, near Kolín, Bohemia.	František Kmoch	Kolín
place of death	Alberico Gentili (January 14, 1552 -- June 19, 1608) was an Italian lawyer, jurist, and a former standing advocate to the Spanish Embassy in London, who served as the Regius professor of civil law at the University of Oxford for 21 years.	Alberico Gentili	London
place of death	Andrew Goodman (November 23, 1943 -- June 21, 1964) was one of three American civil rights activists murdered near Philadelphia, Mississippi, during Freedom Summer in 1964 by members of the Ku Klux Klan.	Andrew Goodman	Mississippi
place of death	The Criminal Courts Building in downtown Los Angeles was renamed after her in 2002, and is now known as the Clara Shortridge Foltz Criminal Justice Center.	Clara Shortridge Foltz	Los Angeles
place of death	Toivo Santeri Salokivi (Johansson until 1900), born September 2, 1886 in Turku, died March 26, 1940 in Helsinki, was a Finnish painter and graphic artist.	Santeri Salokivi	Helsinki
place of death	Alex Penkala was killed in action, just outside the Belgian town of Foy, by fire from German artillery.	Alex Penkala	Foy
place of death	Edmond Davall (Orbe, 1793 - Lausanne, 1860) was a Swiss botanist and politician.	Edmond Davall	Lausanne
place of death	Helmut Paul (born November 4th, 1929 in Vienna; died December 21st, 2015 in Linz) was an Austrian nuclear and atomic physicist.	Helmut Paul	Linz
place of death	John Rankin Rogers (September 4, 1838 - December 26, 1901) was the third Governor of the state of Washington.	John Rankin Rogers	Washington
place of death	Francisco de Holanda was born in Lisbon, Portugal, and began his career as an illuminator at the age of 20, following in the footsteps of his father, António d'Holanda, who was also a royal illuminator.	Francisco de Holanda	Lisbon
place of death	György Szondy (Slovak: Juraj Šucha, 1500 -- 9 July 1552) was a Hungarian soldier and the captain of Drégely Castle.	György Szondy	Drégely Castle
place of death	René Acht (March 24, 1920 Basel, Switzerland -- May 3, 1998 Herbolzheim, Germany) was a Swiss painter and graphic artist.	René Acht	Herbolzheim
place of death	Antoine Brutus Menier died in December at his home in Passy.	Antoine Brutus Menier	Passy
place of death	In 1849, Abigail Fillmore came to Washington, D.C. as wife of the Vice President; 16 months later, after Zachary Taylor's death at a height of sectional crisis, the Fillmores moved into the White House.	Abigail Fillmore	Washington, D.C.
place of death	Saint Apollonius the Apologist or Saint Apollonius of Rome was a 2nd-century Christian martyr and apologist (not to be confused with Apollinaris Claudius, another contemporary apologist) who was martyred in 185 under the Emperor Commodus (161-192).	Apollonius the Apologist	Rome
place of death	Marchese Alessandro dal Borro (born 22 April 1600, Arezzo--died December 2, 1656, Corfu) was a Tuscan nobleman and general.	Alessandro dal Borro	Corfu
place of death	Vincent Bach (March 24, 1890, Baden bei Wien -- January 8, 1976, New York City) was a musician and instrument maker, who founded the Vincent Bach Corporation.	Vincent Bach	New York City
place of death	The Hon. Joseph Frobisher (April 15, 1748 -- September 12, 1810) M.P., J.P., was one of Montreal's most important fur traders.	Joseph Frobisher	Montreal
place of death	Rabbi Binyomin Beinush Finkel, (1911 - February 13, 1990), was the rosh yeshiva of Yeshivas Mir in Jerusalem.	Binyomin Beinush Finkel	Jerusalem
place of death	René Alexandre was born in Reims and died in Vitré, Ille-et-Vilaine in 1946.	René Alexandre	Vitré
place of death	Roberto Lerici (April 30, 1924 in Rivarolo Ligure -- March 4, 2004 in Athens, Greece) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Roberto Lerici	Athens
place of death	Daisy, Princess of Pless, died in 1943 in relative poverty at Waldenburg, today Wałbrzych, Poland.	Daisy, Princess of Pless	Wałbrzych
place of death	Pasquale Parodi (born April 11, 1909 in Novi Ligure) was an Italian professional football player and coach.	Pasquale Parodi	Novi Ligure
place of death	SMK Tun Abang Haji Openg (Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia) Jalan Tun Abang Haji Openg (Sibu, Sarawak, Malaysia) Jalan Tun Abang Haji Openg (Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia) Jalan Abang Haji Openg, (Taman Tun Dr Ismail 60000 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia)	Abang Haji Openg	Kuching
place of death	Elmar Huseynov was born in 1967 in Baku and educated as an engineer at the Azerbaijan University of Architecture and Construction.	Elmar Huseynov	Baku
place of death	Barbara Branden died of a lung infection in Los Angeles on December 11, 2013.	Barbara Branden	Los Angeles
place of death	Laureano Ladrón de Guevara Romero (1889--1968), better known as Laureano Guevara, was born in Molin on June 18, 1889 and died in Santiago de Chile on November 21, 1968.	Laureano Ladrón de Guevara	Santiago
place of death	Ruy Luís Gomes (5 December 1905, Porto -- 27 October 1984) was a Portuguese mathematician and founder of the Abel Salazar Biomedical Sciences Institute.	Ruy Luís Gomes	Porto
place of death	Johann Christoph Wolf (born at Wernigerode, February 21 1683; died at Hamburg, July 25 1739) was a German Christian Hebraist, polyhistor, and collector of books.	Johann Christoph Wolf	Hamburg
place of death	Italo Insolera (Turin, February 7, 1929 -- Rome, August 27, 2012) was an Italian architect, urban and land planner, and historian.	Italo Insolera	Rome
place of death	Ivan Steshenko (June 24, 1873, Poltava -- August 1, 1918, Poltava) was a Ukrainian civic and political activist, writer, translator, member of the Ukrainian government, and member of the Shevchenko Scientific Society.	Ivan Steshenko	Poltava
place of death	Julien Tiersot (5 July 1857, Bourg-en-Bresse (Rhône-Alpes) -- 10 August 1936, Paris), was a French musicologist, composer and a pioneer in ethnomusicology.	Julien Tiersot	Paris
place of death	Louis Thibon or Louis Charles Thibon or Charles, Louis Thibon was born on 16 April 1866 in Vienne, Isère and died on 23 October 1940 in Marseille, Bouches-du-Rhône.	Louis Thibon	Marseille
place of death	Sante Carollo (Montecchio Precalcino, 8 February 1924 -- Thiene, 9 January 2004) was an Italian road cyclist.	Sante Carollo	Thiene
place of death	Oscar Heisserer (18 July 1914 in Schirrhein, Alsace-Lorraine -- 7 October 2004 in Strasbourg) was a French footballer.	Oscar Heisserer	Strasbourg
place of death	Giovanni Benedetto Platti (born possibly 9 July 1697 (according to other sources 1690, 1692, 1700) in Padua, belonging to Venice at the time; died 11 January 1763 in Würzburg) was an Italian oboist and composer.	Giovanni Benedetto Platti	Würzburg
place of death	Ludwik Szymon Gutakowski of the Gutak coat of arms (28 October 1738 - 1 December 1811 in Warsaw) was the second Prime Minister of Poland, and the President of the Council of State and of the Cabinet.	Ludwik Szymon Gutakowski	Warsaw
place of death	Albert Louppe died just outside Laval in July 1927 while visiting friends.	Albert Louppe	Laval
place of death	Georges Troisfontaines also made possible the collaboration between René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo in 1950, when Goscinny became the leader of the World Press' subsidiary in Paris.	Georges Troisfontaines	Paris
place of death	Ludwig Angerer (August 15, 1827 - May 12, 1879) was an Austrian photographer who founded the first photo studio in Vienna and was appointed k.k.	Ludwig Angerer	Vienna
place of death	Manolis Chiotis (Greek: Μανώλης Χιώτης; March 21, 1920, Thessaloniki -- March 21, 1970, Athens) was a Greek rebetiko and laiko composer, singer, and bouzouki player.	Manolis Chiotis	Thessaloniki	Athens
place of death	Count Ferdinánd Pálffy de Erdőd (1 February 1774 -- 4 February 1840) was a mining engineer and civil servant of the Austrian Empire who is better remembered for his role in managing the Theater an der Wien, Vienna, in pursuit of which he lost his not inconsiderable fortune and retired from his creditors in Vienna.	Ferdinánd Pálffy	Vienna
place of death	Hildegart Rodríguez Carballeira (born December 9, 1914 in Madrid, died June 9, 1933 in Madrid) was an activist for socialism and sexual revolution, born and raised by her mother as a model for the woman of the future.	Hildegart Rodríguez Carballeira	Madrid
place of death	Maria Reisenhofer (31 December 1869, Graz -- 18 April 1947, Berlin) was an Austrian stage and film actress.	Maria Reisenhofer	Berlin
place of death	Barthélemy Thimonnier, (August 19, 1793 in L'Arbresle, Rhône - July 5, 1857 in Amplepuis), was a French inventor, who invented the first sewing machine that replicated sewing by hand.	Barthélemy Thimonnier	Amplepuis
place of death	Khurshidbanu Natavan (Azerbaijani: Xurşidbanu Natəvan, born 6 August 1832, Shusha -- 2 October 1897, Shusha) is considered one of the best lyrical poets of Azerbaijan whose poems are in Persian and Azerbaijani.	Khurshidbanu Natavan	Shusha
place of death	Sheikh Said of Palu or Piran (Zazaki: Şêx Seîdê Pîranij, Kurmanji: Şêx Seîdê Pîranî) (1865 in Hınıs -- June 29, 1925 in Diyarbakır) was a Zaza sheikh of the Sunni order and one of the leader of Zaza rebellion, known for the Sheikh Said Rebellion.	Sheikh Said	Diyarbakır
place of death	Jean-Emmanuel Gilibert (21 June 1741, Lyon - 2 September 1814, Lyon) was a French politician, botanist, freemason, medical doctor and member of the Académie de Lyon.	Jean-Emmanuel Gilibert	Lyon
place of death	Lou Jacobi died Friday, October 23, 2009, of natural causes, at his home in Manhattan.	Lou Jacobi	Manhattan
place of death	Lazare Saminsky, born Lazar Semyonovich Saminsky (Russian: Лазарь (Элиэзер) Семенович Саминский; Valegozulovo, near Odessa, 27 October 1882 O.S. / 8 November N.S. -- Port Chester, New York, 30 June 1959), was a performer, conductor and composer, especially of Jewish music.	Lazare Saminsky	Port Chester
place of death	Jan Weissenbruch (1822, The Hague -- 1880, The Hague), was a 19th-century Dutch painter..	Jan Weissenbruch	The Hague
place of death	Antonio della Porta, better known as Tamagnino (Osteno, c. 1471 - Porlezza, c. 1520) was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance.	Tamagnino	Porlezza
place of death	T. Maheswaran (full name Thiyagarajah Maheswaran) (Tamil: தியாகராஜா மகேஸ்வரன்) (10 January 1966 -- 1 January 2008) was an ethnic Tamil Sri Lankan Member of Parliament (MP) from Colombo.	T. Maheswaran	Colombo
place of death	Lionel Van Deerlin (July 25, 1914 -- May 17, 2008) was an American politician who served as a Democratic United States Representative from California from 1963 to 1981, representing a San Diego area district.	Lionel Van Deerlin	San Diego
place of death	Edward R. Ladew died on August 30, 1905 at Glen Cove, Long Island of cirrhosis at age 50.	Edward R. Ladew	Glen Cove
place of death	Jane Lee St. John died in St. Clare's Hospital in New York in 1957.	Jane Lee	St. Clare's Hospital
place of death	Prudencia Grifell (December 27, 1879 -- June 7, 1970), born Prudencia Grifell Masipon, was a prolific actress of the Golden Era of the Cinema of Mexico.	Prudencia Grifell	Mexico
place of death	The Grave of the Female Stranger is a famous historical oddity as well as a local landmark and visitor's attraction in St Paul's Episcopal Church Cemetery in Alexandria, Virginia.	Female Stranger	Alexandria
place of death	Johann Christian August Heyse (21 April 1764, Nordhausen -- 27 July 1829, Magdeburg) was a German grammarian and lexicographer.	Johann Christian August Heyse	Magdeburg
place of death	Henry Denifle, in German Heinrich Seuse Denifle (January 16, 1844, Imst, Tyrol -- June 10, 1905, Munich), was an Austrian paleographer and historian.	Henry Denifle	Munich
place of death	Nino Martoglio (Belpasso, Catania, 3 December 1870 -- Catania, 15 September 1921) was an Italian writer, publisher, journalist and producer of theatrical works.	Nino Martoglio	Catania
place of death	Vitālijs Rubenis (February 26, 1914, Moscow -- January 2, 1994) was a Latvian communist politician.	Vitālijs Rubenis	Moscow
place of death	Alexandre Auffredi was a wealthy bourgeois of the city of La Rochelle in France, who in 1196 sent a fleet of seven ships to Africa to tap the riches of the continent.	Alexandre Auffredi	La Rochelle
place of death	Hans Joachim Moser (25 May 1889, Berlin -- 14 August 1967, Berlin) was a German musicologist, composer and singer.	Hans Joachim Moser	Berlin
place of death	Józef Skrobiński (born 26 January 1910 in Wólka near Mława, died on 22 January 1979 in Łódź) was a Polish film director and painter.	Józef Skrobiński	Łódź
place of death	Carel Jacobus Behr (9 July 1812 in The Hague - 11 November 1895) was a Dutch painter, watercolorist and draftsman.	Carel Jacobus Behr	The Hague
place of death	Charles Zeuner (20 September 1795 Eisleben, Saxony - 7 November 1857 Philadelphia) was an organist and composer active in Germany for a time, and then in Boston and Philadelphia in the United States.	Charles Zeuner	Philadelphia
place of death	Gerard de Jode (1509--1591) was a cartographer, engraver and publisher who lived and worked in Antwerp during the 16th century.	Gerard de Jode	Antwerp
place of death	Fran Ramovš was born in Ljubljana, the capital of the Duchy of Carniola, Austria-Hungary.	Fran Ramovš	Ljubljana
place of death	Wilhelm Dachauer (* April 5, 1881 in Ried im Innkreis, Oberösterreich; † February 26, 1951 in Vienna) was an Austrian painter.	Wilhelm Dachauer	Vienna
place of death	Christian Lorenz Sommer (19 November 1796, Rudolstadt -- 20 July 1846, Rudolstadt) was a German classical philologist and educator.	Christian Lorenz Sommer	Rudolstadt
place of death	René-Eustache, marquis d'Osmond (17 December 1751, Saint-Domingue - 22 February 1838, Paris) was a nobleman who served in the French Army and as a diplomat during the Bourbon Restoration.	René-Eustache, marquis d'Osmond	Paris
place of death	Pierre-Antoine Demachy (17 September 1723, Paris - 10 September 1807, Paris) was a French artist who specialized in painting ruins, Trompe-l'œil architectural decorations and imaginative scenes of Paris.	Pierre-Antoine Demachy	Paris
place of death	Marc Delmas was born in Saint-Quentin, Aisne, France, and studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with Xavier Leroux and Paul Vidal.	Marc Delmas	Paris
place of death	Tarab Abdul Hadi (also transliterated Tarab 'Abd al-Hadi) (1910 Jenin --1976 Cairo) was a Palestinian Muslim activist and feminist.	Tarab Abdul Hadi	Cairo
place of death	Peeter Gijsels (1621, Antwerp -- 1690, Antwerp), was a Flemish Baroque painter.	Peeter Gijsels	Antwerp
place of death	Pentti Haanpää (October 14, 1905, Pulkkila - September 30, 1955 Pyhäntä) was a Finnish author.	Pentti Haanpää	Pyhäntä
place of death	Mary Jane Ward (August 27, 1905 in Fairmount, Indiana - February 17, 1981, in Tucson, Arizona) was an American novelist whose semi-autobiographical book The Snake Pit was made into an Oscar-winning film.	Mary Jane Ward	Tucson
place of death	Mary Blair moved back to California and would die of a cerebral hemorrhage in Soquel, California on July 26, 1978.	Mary Blair	Soquel
place of death	José María Ventura Casas (Alcalá la Real, 1817 - Figueres, 1875), popularly known as Pep Ventura, was a Spanish musician and composer who consolidated the long sardana and reformed the cobla, adding instruments to give it its current formation.	Pep Ventura	Figueres
place of death	Suor or Sister Anna Vittoria Dolara (1754-1827) was an Italian Dominican nun in Rome; she is known for her piety, poetry, and painting.	Anna Vittoria Dolara	Rome
place of death	Henry Scheffé (New York City, USA, 11 April 1907 -- Berkeley, California, USA, 5 July 1977) was an American statistician.	Henry Scheffé	Berkeley, California
place of death	Don Manuel Allendesalazar y Muñoz de Salazar (Guernica, Spain, 24 August 1856 -- Madrid, 17 May 1923) was a Spanish noble and politician who served two times as Prime Minister of Spain during the regency of Maria Christina of Austria.	Manuel Allendesalazar y Muñoz de Salazar	Madrid
place of death	Carlos Duarte (born in Caracas on June 1, 1957; died April 13, 2003) was a Venezuelan composer and pianist.	Carlos Duarte	Caracas
place of death	Bill Tung Biu (Chinese: 董驃) (March 30, 1933 in Hong Kong -- February 22, 2006) was a Hong Kong actor and horse racing commentator.	Bill Tung	Hong Kong
place of death	Gustave Miklos, also written Gusztáv Miklós and Miklós Gusztáv (Budapest, 30 June 1888 -- Oyonnax, 5 March 1967) was a sculptor, painter, illustrator and designer of Hungarian origin.	Gustave Miklos	Oyonnax
place of death	Paul Olaf Bodding (born Gjøvik, Norway on 2 November 1865, died Odense, Denmark on 25 September 1938) was a Norwegian missionary, linguist and folklorist.	Paul Olaf Bodding	Odense
place of death	Antonio Arenas Merino (July 13, 1808, Lima -- December 27, 1891 ) was the interim President of Peru, officially the President of the Government Junta of Peru, from December 3, 1885 to July 5, 1886.	Antonio Arenas	Lima
place of death	Juan de Miralles (1713 in Petrel, Spain -- April 30, 1780 in Morristown, New Jersey) was a Spanish arms dealer and Messenger at the Continental Congress.	Juan de Miralles	Morristown
place of death	Abraham ibn Daud (Hebrew: אברהם אבן דאוד; Arabic: ابراهيم بن داود) was a Spanish-Jewish astronomer, historian, and philosopher; born at Cordoba, Spain about 1110; died in Toledo, Spain, according to common report, a martyr about 1180.	Abraham ibn Daud	Toledo
place of death	Alfred Hirv (born March 26, 1880 in Pechory -- died May 26, 1918 in Pskov) was an Estonian painter, known especially for his still lifes.	Alfred Hirv	Pskov
place of death	Maurice Dionne (1936 in Bath, New Brunswick -- November 17, 2003 in Miramichi, New Brunswick) was an educator and politician in the Miramichi River Valley of New Brunswick, Canada.	Maurice Dionne	Miramichi, New Brunswick
place of death	Herbert Penzl, born September 2, 1910 in Neufelden, Austria, died September 1st, 1995 in Oakland, California, was an Austrian-born American philologist and historical linguist.	Herbert Penzl	Oakland
place of death	Arthur Felix, FRS (3 April 1887 in Andrychów -- 17 January 1956 in England) was a Polish microbiologist and serologist.	Arthur Felix	England
place of death	Karl Wilhelm Nitzsch (22 December 1818, Zerbst -- 20 June 1880, Berlin) was a German historian known for his studies of ancient Rome and medieval Germany.	Karl Wilhelm Nitzsch	Berlin
place of death	Hagar Olsson (born 16 September 1893 in Kustavi, dead 21 February 1978 in Helsinki) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish writer, literary critic, playwright and translator.	Hagar Olsson	Helsinki
place of death	Andreas Allescher (6 June 1828, Munich -- 10 April 1903, Munich) was a German schoolteacher and mycologist.	Andreas Allescher	Munich
place of death	Johannes Pääsuke (30 March (O.S. 18 March) 1892 in Tartu -- 8 January 1918 (O.S. 27 December 1917) in Orsha) was an Estonian photographer and filmmaker.	Johannes Pääsuke	Orsha
place of death	Nicola Bellomo (Bari, Apulia, Italy, February 2, 1881 -- Island of Nisida, Naples, Italy September 11, 1945) was a general in the Italian Army during World War II. He was tried for war crimes at a courts-martial for the murder of a British prisoner of war.	Nicola Bellomo	Naples
place of death	Ľudovít Fulla (February 27, 1902, Ružomberok -- April 21, 1980, Bratislava) was a Slovak painter, graphic artist, illustrator, stage designer and art teacher.	Ľudovít Fulla	Bratislava
place of death	Conrad C. Binkele (December 3, 1867 in Mansfield -- October 29, 1942 in Los Angeles) led the activities of the Watch Tower Society for the Central European Space until 1925, and in 1928 founded the Free Bible Students in Germany.	Conrad C. Binkele	Los Angeles
place of death	Sandro Puppo (Italian pronunciation: (ˈsandro ˈpuppo); 28 January 1918 -- 16 October 1986) was an Italian football (soccer) player and manager born in Piacenza.	Sandro Puppo	Piacenza
place of death	Ohannés Gurekian (Armenian: Յովհաննէս Կիւրեղեան; August 24, 1902 in Constantinople - March 1, 1984 in Asolo) was an Armenian architect, engineer, and alpinist.	Ohannés Gurekian	Asolo
place of death	Daniel Thivart (1611 in Amsterdam -- 1656 in Amsterdam), was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter.	Daniel Thivart	Amsterdam
place of death	This was not as common in Sweden, but Fredrica Löf, who was educated in the French Theatre, adopted the French version of her first name as a stage name and changed her surname to her father's original name, and called herself ``Fredrique Löwen''.	Fredrica Löf	Sweden
place of death	Paul Follot died in 1941 in Sainte-Maxime.	Paul Follot	Sainte-Maxime
place of death	Silvio Poma (Trescore Balneario, Bergamo, 1840 -- Turate, Como, 1932) was an Italian painter, mainly painting land and lake-side seascapes of the Lombardy lake district.	Silvio Poma	Turate
place of death	Michelangelo Naccherino (Florence, March 6, 1550- Naples, February, 1622) was an Italian sculptor and architect, active mainly in the Kingdom of Naples, Italy.	Michelangelo Naccherino	Naples
place of death	Giovanni Baronzio, also known as Giovanni da Rimini, (died 1362), was an Italian painter.	Giovanni Baronzio	Rimini
place of death	Erik Edlund (born Närke Province, March 14, 1819; died Stockholm, August 19, 1888) was a Swedish physicist.	Erik Edlund	Stockholm
place of death	Giulio Bosetti (December 26, 1930 in Bergamo -- December 24, 2009 in Milan) was an Italian actor and director.	Giulio Bosetti	Milan
place of death	Jan Matthys (also known as Jan Matthias, Johann Mathyszoon, Jan Mattijs, Jan Matthijszoon; c. 1500, Haarlem -- 5 April 1534, Münster) was a charismatic Anabaptist leader of the Münster Rebellion, regarded by his followers as a prophet.	Jan Matthys	Münster
place of death	Esther Muir died in 1995 at Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco, New York, aged 92.	Esther Muir	Mount Kisco
place of death	Max Dvořák (4 June 1874, Roudnice nad Labem, Bohemia -- 8 February 1921, Hrušovany nad Jevišovkou, Czechoslovakia) was a Czech-born Austrian art historian.	Max Dvořák	Hrušovany nad Jevišovkou
place of death	Peter Vischer the Elder (c. 1455 -- January 7, 1529) was a German sculptor, the son of Hermann Vischer, and the most famous member of the noted Vischer Family of Nuremberg.	Peter Vischer the Elder	Nuremberg
place of death	Antoine Virgile Schneider (22 March 1779, Sarreguemines (Moselle) -- 11 July 1847, Paris) was a soldier and politician.	Antoine Virgile Schneider	Paris
place of death	Born in Constantinople, Mustafa IV was the child of Sultan Abdülhamid I (1774--1789) and Nükhetsezâ Hanımefendi.	Mustafa IV	Constantinople
place of death	Nikolaus Becker (8 October 1809 in Bonn - 28 August 1845 in the Hünshoven district of Geilenkirchen) was a German lawyer and writer.	Nikolaus Becker	Geilenkirchen
place of death	Johannes Wilhelm Constantin Lipsius (20 October 1832 -- 11 April 1894) was a German architect and architectural theorist, best known for his controversial design of the Royal Academy of Fine Arts and Exhibition Building (1883--1894) on the Brühl Terrace in Dresden, today known as the Lipsius-Bau.	Constantin Lipsius	Dresden
place of death	Nicholas de la Motte (Bar-sur-Aube 29 July 1755 -- Paris 6 November 1831), born Marc Antoine-Nicolas de la Motte, was an 18th-century French adventurer known for his part as a swindler in the affair of the diamond necklace.	Nicholas de la Motte	Paris
place of death	Gabrielle Ricciardelli (Naples, flourished c. 1743- c. 1777 or 1782), was an Italian painter of the Baroque period.	Gabrielle Ricciardelli	Naples
position played on team / speciality	Ashe Mukasa (born April 1952) is a former Ugandan football midfielder who played for Uganda in the 1978 African Cup of Nations.	Ashe Mukasa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Kaleta (born June 8, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey right winger who is currently playing with the Rochester Americans of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Patrick Kaleta	winger
position played on team / speciality	Mohammed Abdel-Jawad (born May 1, 1979) is a Palestinian footballer who plays as a Central defender for Palestine football club Al-Birah.	Mohammed Abdel-Jawad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeffrey Kevin van Homoet Bruma (born 13 November 1991), commonly known as Jeffrey Bruma (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈdʒɛf.ri ˈbrʏ.ma)), is a Dutch association football player who plays for PSV as a centre back.	Jeffrey Bruma	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Bart van Brakel (born 5 April 1987 in Wageningen) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Bart van Brakel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ferenc Szilveszter (born 26 November 1971) is a former Hungarian footballer who played as a midfielder for several clubs in Hungary.	Ferenc Szilveszter	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Melvin Platje (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmɛl.vɪn ˈplɑ.tʃʏ); born 16 December 1988 in Naarden) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a forward for Ligue 2 side Brest.	Melvin Platje	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emmanuel Mwape (1950 -- 8 April 1991) was a Zambian footballer who is regarded as Zambia's best goalkeeper in history.	Emmanuel Mwape	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vitaliy Vernydub (Ukrainian: Віталій Юрійович Вернидуб; born 17 October 1987 in Zaporizhya, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for Azerbaijan Premier League side Gabala FK.	Vitaliy Vernydub	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zafer Özgültekin (born 10 March 1975) is a Turkish international footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper.	Zafer Özgültekin	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amedeo Kleva (6 February 1923 -- 22 June 1996) was an Italian footballer who played as a defender.	Amedeo Kleva	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ignacio Jáuregui Díaz (born 31 July 1938) is a Mexican football defender and manager.	Ignacio Jáuregui	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Bellissimo (born August 15, 1984) is a Canadian-born Italian professional ice hockey goaltender.	Daniel Bellissimo	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Kerk (born 17 April 1994) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for 1.	Sebastian Kerk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ben Hinchliffe (born 9 October 1988 in Preston, England) is an English association football goalkeeper, currently playing for AFC Fylde.	Ben Hinchliffe	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Gerardo Rodríguez Serrano (born April 16, 1985 in Culiacán) is a Mexican football defender, who plays for Toluca in Liga MX.	Carlos Gerardo Rodríguez	defender
position played on team / speciality	James Marwood (born 21 May 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for Gateshead.	James Marwood	forward
position played on team / speciality	Clayton Failla (born 8 January 1986 in Żabbar, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Hibernians, where he plays as a midfielder and occasionally as a defender.	Clayton Failla	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zakaria Diallo (born 11 August 1986) is a French-born Senegalese footballer who currently plays as a defender for the French club AC Ajaccio in Ligue 2.	Zakaria Diallo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Silvio Vella (born 8 February 1967 in Toronto) was a professional footballer who played for Rabat Ajax and Hibernians, he played as a defender.	Silvio Vella	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordy Clasie (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈjɔrdi ˈklaːzi); born 27 June 1991) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a midfielder for Premier League club Southampton and for the Dutch national team.	Jordy Clasie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Saleh Abdulla (8 December 1978) is an Emirati football defender who played for United Arab Emirates in the 2004 AFC Asian Cup.	Saleh Abdulla	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cam Severson (born August 15, 1978 in Norquay, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre.	Cam Severson	centre
position played on team / speciality	Jani Galik (born 9 October 1984 in Přerov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech football player who plays midfielder for the Bradenton Academics in the USL Premier Development League.	Jani Galik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jan Bjur (born 4 August 1965 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish professional football player in the midfielder position.	Jan Bjur	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Wartam (1935 -- 29 November 2014) was a Singapore international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Ahmad Wartam	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Fatić (Cyrillic: Ивaн Фaтић, born 21 August 1988) is a Montenegrin football player who plays for Malaysian club Sarawak FA as a defender.	Ivan Fatić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Duarte Jorge Gomes Duarte (born 27 August 1987), simply known as Duarte Duarte is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Paços Ferreira as a forward.	Duarte Duarte	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kim Kyong-hwa (born March 28, 1986) is a North Korean football (soccer) player who can play as either midfielder or forward.	Kim Kyong-hwa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhu Guanghu would play as a midfielder for the top tier club Shanghai Football Team.	Zhu Guanghu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liaki Moli is a New Zealand rugby union player, who specialises as a lock forward.	Liaki Moli	lock
position played on team / speciality	Ya'akov Hodorov (Hebrew: יעקב חודורוב) (born 16 June 1927; died 31 December 2006) was an Israeli football goalkeeper in the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s.	Ya'akov Hodorov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Peterson Occénat (born 3 December 1989 in Jérémie, Haiti) is a Haitian association football goalkeeper currently playing for American club Miami Fusion.	Peterson Occénat	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gustavo Villagra is a retired Argentinian association football midfielder who played professionally in Argentina, Chile, the United States and Mexico.	Gustavo Villagra	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hassan Al-Otaibi (Arabic: حسن العتيبي‎) (born on August 6, 1976) is a Saudi Arabian football goalkeeper.	Hassan Al-Otaibi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Michael Krohn-Dehli (born 6 June 1983) is a Danish professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Sevilla FC and Denmark national team as a central midfielder.	Michael Krohn-Dehli	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bekanty Victorien Angban (born 29 September 1996) is a professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or winger for Sint-Truiden on loan from Chelsea.	Victorien Angban	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nello Santin (born 3 July 1946) is an Italian former professional footballer, who played as a defender, and former football manager.	Nello Santin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jaime Gómez Valencia (born 17 July 1993) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga MX squad, Querétaro FC.	Jaime Gómez Valencia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miodrag Latinović (born August 29, 1970) is a Bosnian football defender currently playing with VfL Trier/Mariahof.	Miodrag Latinović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Ealivand (Persian: محمد ایلیوند‎, born January 14, 1985) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Sepahan F.C. in the Iran Pro League.	Mohammad Ealivand	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Casado Bucho (born 20 November 1937 in Madrid) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Pedro Casado	defender
position played on team / speciality	Imants Bleidelis (born 16 August 1975 in Riga, Latvian SSR, Soviet Union) is a former football midfielder from Latvia.	Imants Bleidelis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liam Keogh (born 6 September 1981 in Aberdeen) is a Scottish former professional association footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Liam Keogh	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kyrylo Nesterenko (Ukrainian: Кирило Олександрович Нестеренко; born 1 March 1992 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.	Kyrylo Nesterenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sancak Kaplan (born 25 May 1982) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender.	Sancak Kaplan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Piaček (born 20 June 1983) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała in the Ekstraklasa.	Jozef Piaček	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Cristante (Italian pronunciation: (ˈbrajan kriˈstante); born 3 March 1995) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Palermo, on loan from Portuguese club Benfica.	Bryan Cristante	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Clive Burgess (25 November 1950 - 2 May 2006) was an international rugby union flanker who played for Wales from 1977 to 1982.	Clive Burgess	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Thaís Ribeiro Picarte (born 22 July 1982), commonly known simply as Thaís, is a Brazilian international football goalkeeper currently playing for Centro Olímpico.	Thaís Ribeiro Picarte	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José María Díaz Muñoz (Chinese: 迪亞斯; born 4 July 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Royal Southern as an defensive midfielder.	José María Díaz Muñoz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jon Challinor (born 2 December 1980) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder for Northern Premier League Premier Division club Stamford.	Jon Challinor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrik César dos Santos Duzi, simply known as Patrik (born 12 March 1988 in Franca, São Paulo), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Patrik César dos Santos Duzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gora Tall (born 20 May 1985 in Louga) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a central defender.	Gora Tall	defender
position played on team / speciality	Renato de Moraes (born August 16, 1980) is a Brazilian midfielder.	Renato de Moraes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Graeme Payne (born 13 February 1956 in Dundee) is a Scottish former footballer who played as a winger and was the first winner of the Scottish PFA Young Player of the Year award.	Graeme Payne	winger
position played on team / speciality	Hamdi Kasraoui (Arabic: حمدي القصراوي‎, born 18 January 1983 in Sousse) is a Tunisian football goalkeeper.	Hamdi Kasraoui	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jerry Panek (born Poland) is a retired Polish-American soccer midfielder who earned three caps with the U.S. national team in 1973.	Jerry Panek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vaitiare Kenti Robles Salas (born February 15, 1991) is a Mexican footballer who plays for Atlético de Madrid and the Mexico national team as a defender or miedfielder.	Kenti Robles	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Aurélio Martins Ivo, shortly Marcos Denner (born March 12, 1976) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Grêmio Esportivo Brasil.	Marcos Denner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jaroslav Netolička (born 3 March 1954 in Opava) is a Czech football goalkeeper.	Jaroslav Netolička	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Larry Hulcer is a former U.S. soccer forward and midfielder.	Larry Hulcer	forward
position played on team / speciality	Peter Tsekenis (born 4 August 1973) is an Australian former professional soccer player who played as a defender and the current coach of New South Wales Premier League team Sydney Olympic .	Peter Tsekenis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Inti Podestá Mezzetta (born 23 April 1978 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Inti Podestá	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	António Eduardo Pereira dos Santos (born 3 May 1984), commonly known as Kanu, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for OH Leuven in the Belgian Pro League.	António Eduardo Pereira dos Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emil Angelov (Bulgarian: Емил Ангелов; born on 17 July 1980 in Haskovo) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward.	Emil Angelov	forward
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Candreva (Italian pronunciation: (anˈtɔnjo kanˈdrɛva); born 28 February 1987) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Lazio and the Italian national team as a midfielder, usually as a winger.	Antonio Candreva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Idrissa Mandiang (born 27 December 1984), commonly known as Idris, is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays for Boavista as a defensive midfielder.	Idrissa Mandiang	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Minor Álvarez (born 14 November 1989 in Costa Rica) is a Costa Rican football goalkeeper.	Minor Álvarez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vladan Đogatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владан Ђогатовић; born November 3, 1984 in Ivanjica) is a Serbian football goalkeeper.	Vladan Đogatović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cody Cropper (born February 16, 1993) is an American soccer player who currently plays for English Championship side Milton Keynes Dons as a goalkeeper.	Cody Cropper	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Charles-Édouard Coridon (born 9 April 1973 in Martinique) is a retired French-Martiniquais football midfielder.	Charles-Édouard Coridon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stanley Reneau is a Belizean professional football goalkeeper.	Stanley Reneau	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Douglas Ricardo Grolli (born 5 October 1989), or simply Douglas Grolli, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Cruzeiro.	Douglas Grolli	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Ceren Akkaya (born September 5, 2000) is a Turkish women's football midfielder currently playing in the Turkish Women's First Football League for Kdz.	Ceren Akkaya	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Szabolcs Sáfár (born 20 August 1974 in Budapest) is a Hungarian football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Austrian club SC Ritzing.	Szabolcs Sáfár	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Simon Culhane (born 10 March 1968 in Invercargill, New Zealand) is a rugby player who won 6 caps playing at fly-half for the New Zealand rugby union side (the All Blacks).	Simon Culhane	fly-half
position played on team / speciality	Altair Gomes de Figueiredo, usually referred to as Altair (born January 22, 1938 in Niterói, Brazil) is former football defender and a World Champion for Brazil in the 1962 World Cup.	Altair Gomes de Figueiredo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Heinz van Haaren (born 3 June 1940 in Marl, Province of Westphalia) is a Dutch former football midfielder.	Heinz van Haaren	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thierry Goudet (born 11 November 1962 in Château-Gontier, France) is a former football midfielder and manager.	Thierry Goudet	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Johannes Servaas Germishuys, commonly known as Gerrie Germishuys (born 29 October 1949 Natal (now KwaZulu-Natal) is a former South African rugby union player, who played for South African Springboks. He played in the position of wing.	Gerrie Germishuys	wing
position played on team / speciality	David Belitski (Born February 20, 1977, in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian Ice Hockey goaltender, who played for the Kitchener Rangers.	David Belitski	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Sofiane Hanni (born 29 December 1990) is an Algerian football player who plays as an attacking midfielder for Mechelen in the Belgian Pro League.	Sofiane Hanni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhang Xiaofei (simplified Chinese: 张笑非; traditional Chinese: 張笑非; pinyin: Zhāng Xiàofēi; born 11 July 1982 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a Chinese football midfielder, who plays for Changchun Yatai in China Super League.	Zhang Xiaofei	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Arsen Marjan (Serbian: Арсен Марјан; born 20 October 1975 in Bandar Seri Begawan) is a Bruneian/Serbian football defender playing for FK Palilulac Beograd.	Arsen Marjan	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charlie Lee (born 5 January 1987) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender or a midfielder for League Two club Stevenage.	Charlie Lee	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Kardek de Souza (born 22 February 1980), commonly known as Alan Kardek, is a Brazilian football defender.	Alan Kardek	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stan Startzell is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who spent four seasons in the North American Soccer League.	Stan Startzell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michele Marcolini (born 2 October 1975 in Savona) is an Italian football coach and former footballer, who played as a midfielder; he is currently the head coach of Lega Pro club Real Vicenza.	Michele Marcolini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henry Enamorado (Santa Bárbara, Honduras, 5 August 1977) is a Honduran former goalkeeper.	Henry Enamorado	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Etor Daniel Essien (born 5 May 1993) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as an offensive midfielder, forward for both Enyimba and the Nigeria U-23.	Etor Daniel	forward
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed Aidara (born 24 December 1989) is a French Senegalese footballer who plays as a midfielder for German club SV Werder Bremen II.	Mohamed Aidara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reuben Bennett (December 1913 -- December 1989) from Aberdeen was a former Scottish professional goalkeeper with Hull City, Queen of the South, Dundee and Elgin City.	Reuben Bennett	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lionel Repka (7 February 1935 -- 27 April 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, born in Edmonton, Alberta.	Lionel Repka	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Attilio Lombardo (born 6 January 1966) is a retired football player turned manager, best known for his two spells at Sampdoria; throughout his career he was usually deployed as a wide midfielder, or as an offensive right winger, although he also played as a fullback or wingback on occasion later in his career.	Attilio Lombardo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grégory Paisley (born 7 May 1977 in Paris) is a former French professional football defender.	Grégory Paisley	defender
position played on team / speciality	Damiano Quintieri (born 4 July 1990, Terranova da Sibari) is an Italian footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Kalju Nõmme, in the Estonian Meistriiliga.	Damiano Quintieri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bengt Sæternes (born 1 January 1975) is a Norwegian former professional football player who played as a centre forward from 1991 until 2011.	Bengt Sæternes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Lorne Ferguson (May 26, 1930 -- March 28, 2008) was a professional ice hockey left winger who played 422 games in the National Hockey League.	Lorne Ferguson	winger
position played on team / speciality	Emile Baron (born 17 June 1979 in Fish Hoek, Western Cape) is a South African retired football (soccer) goalkeeper who have played for South Africa.	Emile Baron	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Branislav Fodrek (born 5 February 1981) is a Slovak football midfielder who is currently plays for TJ Družstevník Vrakúň.	Branislav Fodrek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Haron Shakava (born 26 November 1992) is a Kenyan professional footballer who plays for Gor Mahia in the Kenyan Premier League and the Kenya national team as a defender.	Haron Shakava	defender
position played on team / speciality	Hubertson Pauletta (born 3 June 1989) is a professional footballer from Curaçao, in the former Netherlands Antilles, who plays as a defender.	Hubertson Pauletta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filip Starzyński (born 27 May 1991 in Szczecin) is a Polish footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder for Lokeren in the Belgian Pro League.	Filip Starzyński	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcus Mathisen (born 27 February 1996) is a Danish footballer, playing as defender for the Danish Superliga club FC Copenhagen.	Marcus Mathisen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wilfredo Iraheta Sanabria (born February 22, 1967 in Sensuntepeque, El Salvador) is a retired Salvadoran football (soccer) player who played as a defender.	Wilfredo Iraheta	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Kršić (Serbian Cyrillic: Александар Кршић; born 6 May 1991) is a Serbian football defender who plays for OFK Odžaci, on loan from in the ČSK Pivara.	Aleksandar Kršić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yosif Ayuba (born 30 November 1990) is a Swedish footballer of Beninese descent who plays as a defender and midfielder.	Yosif Ayuba	defender
position played on team / speciality	Tin Karamatić (born 1 March 1993) is a Croatian football defender who plays for Slovenian club Zavrč.	Tin Karamatić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nenad Injac (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Ињaц, born September 4, 1985) is a Serbian football forward, currently playing for Greek club Ergotelis.	Nenad Injac	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thatayaone Mothuba (born 5 May 1978) is a Botswanan footballer who plays as a defender for Nico United since 2003.	Thatayaone Mothuba	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Jorge Sousa Vieira (born 16 February 1982), known as Alemão (``German''), is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Paulo Jorge Sousa Vieira	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sherida Spitse (Dutch pronunciation: (ʃeːˈridaː ˈspɪtsə); born 29 May 1990) is a Dutch football midfielder currently playing for LSK Kvinner FK in Norway.	Sherida Spitse	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Orlando Rubén Yáñez Alabart (born 12 October 1993), known as Rubén Yáñez (Spanish pronunciation: (ru'βen 'ɟʝaɲeθ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Madrid as a goalkeeper.	Rubén Yáñez	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Salih Sadir Salih Al-Sadoun (Arabic: صالح سدير صالح السعدون‎ , born 21 August 1981) is an Iraqi midfielder.	Salih Sadir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jason Missiaen (pronounced local /ˈmɪʃʌn/ or MISH-un, born April 25, 1990) is a Canadian ice hockey goaltender.	Jason Missiaen	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Radenko Kamberović (Serbian Cyrillic: Paдeнкo Kaмбepoвић; born February 13, 1983) is a Serbian football defender playing for Serbian White Eagles of the Canadian Soccer League.	Radenko Kamberović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Masengo Ilunga is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for club sides in Zaire, Greece and Cyprus.	Masengo Ilunga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stjepan Poljak (born 17 November 1983 in Zabok, Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian football midfielder, who last played for Inter Baku in the Azerbaijan Premier League.	Stjepan Poljak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Henri Scheweleff (born 15 April 1983 in Vaasa) is a retired Finnish football player, who played as a midfielder.	Henri Scheweleff	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alexandre Rodrigues da Silva (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐleˈʃɐ̃dɾi ʁoˈdɾiɡiz dɐ ˈsiwvɐ), born 2 September 1989), commonly known as Alexandre Pato or just Pato, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the Brazil national team as a forward.	Alexandre Pato	forward
position played on team / speciality	Evan Brophey (born December 3, 1986) is a professional ice hockey centre currently plays for Graz 99ers in the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Evan Brophey	centre
position played on team / speciality	Iván Calero Ruiz (born 21 April 1995) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Derby County, as an attacking midfielder.	Iván Calero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alessandro Felipe Oltramari (born March 30, 1988 in Cascavel, Paraná), most commonly known as Alessandro, is a Brazilian goalkeeper who currently plays for Aimoré.	Alessandro Felipe Oltramari	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Cutler (born 18 June 1946 in Welwyn Garden City) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a winger.	Paul Cutler	winger
position played on team / speciality	Łukasz Załuska (Polish pronunciation: (ˈwukaʂ zaˈwuska); born 16 June 1982) is a Polish footballer who plays for German club SV Darmstadt 98 as a goalkeeper.	Łukasz Załuska	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Amr Adel (Arabic: عمرو عادل‎; born 5 December 1980) is an Egyptian football defender.	Amr Adel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mihkel Aksalu (born 7 November 1984) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Finnish Veikkausliiga club SJK and the Estonia national football team.	Mihkel Aksalu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Wondolowski (Polish pronunciation: (vɔndɔˈwɔfski); born August 13, 1985 in Danville, California) is a former American soccer defender.	Stephen Wondolowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isaac Amoako (born 20 August 1983) is a professional footballer, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Asante Kotoko.	Isaac Amoako	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Onay Pineda Alvarado (born June 16, 1989) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a defender for Cafetaleros de Tapachula on loan from Querétaro.	Onay Pineda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Morteza Kashi (born May 4, 1981) is an Iranian football player who plays in the defender position.	Morteza Kashi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Domivânio Alves de Souza Júnior, commonly known as Júnior Alves or simply Domivânio (born 20 March 1994), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder.	Domivânio Alves de Souza Júnior	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wilson Antônio de Resende Júnior, commonly known as Wilsinho (born 20 August 1982 in Mineiros, Goiás), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward.	Wilson Antônio	forward
position played on team / speciality	Victor Rodrigues da Silva or Victor da Silva (born February 10, 1976 in Brazil) is a Brazilian footballers who currently plays in defensive midfielder and defender for Persisko Merangin.	Victor Rodrigues da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Agim Shabani (born 14 February 1988) is a Norwegian football defender of Albanian descent, playing for Kvik Halden FK.	Agim Shabani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Hernán Caputto (born 6 October 1974 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine born, Chilean naturalized footballer, who last played as goalkeeper for the club Huachipato.	Hernán Caputto	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Beesley (born 21 July 1965) is an English former footballer who played primarily as a centre back.	Paul Beesley	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Antonino La Gumina (born 6 March 1996) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Italian Serie A club Palermo.	Antonino La Gumina	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dragan Tadić (born 12 February 1973) is a Croatian retired football midfielder.	Dragan Tadić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mateusz Klich ((maˈtɛuʂ ˈklix); born 13 June 1990 in Tarnów) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for 1.	Mateusz Klich	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frédéric Gueguen (born December 2, 1970 in Brest, France) is a former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Frédéric Gueguen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nikolay Marinov (Bulgarian: Николай Маринов; born 13 August 1986) is a Bulgarian football player, who plays as a midfielder.	Nikolay Marinov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian Baloyi (born 16 March 1974 in Alexandra, Gauteng) is a retired South African football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Brian Baloyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Matumona Lundala known most simply as Goliath (born August 1, 1972 in Esperança) is an Angolan goalkeeper who won the 2005 Angolan Cup with Sagrada Esperança.	Matumona Lundala	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ebenezer Oluwafemi Ajilore , also known as Femi (born 18 January 1985) is a Nigerian professional football midfielder, currently playing for Danish 2nd Division side Middelfart G&BK.	Oluwafemi Ajilore	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mauro Bressan (born January 5, 1971 in Valdobbiadene, Italy) is a retired Italian football player who played as a midfielder, and who worked as a director of sports for the Hungarian club Vasas SC.	Mauro Bressan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Terry Adlington (21 November 1935 -- 10 April 1994) was an English professional football goalkeeper.	Terry Adlington	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Allan Gilgrist is a former association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.	Allan Gilgrist	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mika Oksa is a Finnish former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in Finland, Sweden and Belarus.	Mika Oksa	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Loïc Damour (born 8 January 1991 in Chantilly) is a French football player who plays as a midfielder for French Ligue 2 side Bourg-Péronnas.	Loïc Damour	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Radivoje Manić (Serbian Cyrillic: Радивоје Манић; born 16 January 1972 in Pirot) is a Serbian football player who played as a forward.	Radivoje Manić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Aditi Chauhan (born 20 November 1992) is an Indian women's professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for West Ham United Ladies and the India women's national football team.	Aditi Chauhan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nikos Vamvakoulas (Greek: Νίκος Βαμβακούλας; born 31 January 1957) is a retired football defender.	Nikos Vamvakoulas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lică Nunweiller (12 December 1938 - 8 November 2013) was a Romanian international football midfielder who played for clubs in Romania and Turkey.	Lică Nunweiller	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cheikhou Kouyaté (born 21 December 1989) is a Senegalese footballer who plays as a central midfielder for English club West Ham United.	Cheikhou Kouyaté	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maciej Iwański (born May 7, 1981 in Kraków) is a Polish football midfielder who currently plays for Polish side Ruch Chorzów.	Maciej Iwański	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eva Zeikfalvy (born 18 April 1967) is a Swedish former association football defender who won 69 caps for the Sweden women's national football team, scoring two goals.	Eva Zeikfalvy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Robert Brett Mellor (born 4 February 1960), known as Brett Mellor, is an English former professional footballer born in Huddersfield, and educated at Holme Valley Grammar School, who played as a defender in the Football League for Huddersfield Town.	Brett Mellor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yiğit İncedemir (born 9 March 1985) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Sivasspor in the Süper Lig.	Yiğit İncedemir	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Éric Lecompte (born April 4, 1975) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger.	Éric Lecompte	winger
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Saúl de Matta Balán (born 1 July 1981) is a Guatemalan football midfielder who plays for local club Xelajú in the Guatemala's top division.	Héctor Saúl de Matta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luis Felipe Pinilla Astudillo (born 24 September 1997 in La Ligua, Chile) is an Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Universidad de Chile as a forward or winger.	Felipe Pinilla	forward
position played on team / speciality	Richard Magyar (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈmɒɟɒr); born 3 May 1991) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a defender for Hammarby.	Richard Magyar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Isacio Calleja García (born 6 December 1936 in Valle de Cerrato, Palencia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Isacio Calleja	defender
position played on team / speciality	Vladyslav Hevlych (Ukrainian: Владислав Дмитрович Гевлич; born 23 September 1994 in Sevastopol, Autonomous Republic of Crimea, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who played for FC Sevastopol in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Vladyslav Hevlych	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Anders Överström (born 25 November 1985 in Mariehamn on the Åland Islands, Finland) is a Finnish goalkeeper who currently is a free agent.	Anders Överström	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Aitziber Juaristi Caballero is a Spanish football defender currently playing in the Spanish 1st Division for Athletic Bilbao.	Aitziber Juaristi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Idriz Toskić (born 12 October 1995) is an Italian-Montenegrin footballer of Albanian descent who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Idriz Toskić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Rakovsky (born 2 June 1993) is a German footballer of Czech descent who plays as a goalkeeper for 1.	Patrick Rakovsky	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Neil Smallwood (born 3 December 1966) is an English former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for York City and Darlington, and in non-League football for Goole Town, Nestlé Rowntree, Pickering Town and York Railway Institute.	Neil Smallwood	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rajib Ghosh (born 12 July 1989) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender for Bhawanipore F.C..	Rajib Ghosh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cleberson, full name Cleberson Souza Santos (born 10 February 1978 in Salvador, Bahia) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender.	Cleberson Souza Santos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Everton Nogueira (born 12 December 1959) is a former Brazilian football player who played as an attacking midfielder.	Everton Nogueira	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fred Blankemeijer (13 August 1926 -- 8 November 2010) was a Dutch footballer who was active as a defender.	Fred Blankemeijer	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lê Hoàng Thiên (born 25 December 1990) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Attacking midfielder for V-League (Vietnam) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.	Lê Hoàng Thiên	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcos García Barreno (born 21 March 1987), known as Marcos or Marquitos, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Polish club Górnik Łęczna as a midfielder.	Marcos García Barreno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maurizio Gaudino (Italian pronunciation: (mauˈrittsjo ɡauˈdino); born 12 December 1966) is a retired German football midfielder.	Maurizio Gaudino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michel Aluzio da Cruz Alves, better known as Michel Alves (Pelotas, 25 April 1981) is a Brazilian football player acting as goalkeeper.	Michel Alves	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gerard Autet Serrabasa (born 8 September 1978), sometimes known just as Gerard, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Gerard Autet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kévin Olimpa (born 10 March 1988 in Paris) is a French-born Martiniquais international footballer of Cameroonian origin who plays as a goalkeeper.	Kévin Olimpa	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Özden Öngün (born 10 September 1978) is a Turkish retired international footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Özden Öngün	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kim Jae-hoon (Hangul: 김재훈; born 21 February 1988) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defender for Chungju Hummel in the K League Challenge.	Kim Jae-hoon	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anatoliy Tynynyk (Ukrainian: Анатолій Вікторович Тининик; born 11 September 1984 in Kirovohrad, Kirovohrad Oblast) is a Ukrainian football midfielder currently playing for Ukrainian Second League club Kremin.	Anatoliy Tynynyk	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Omar Gaber (Arabic: عمر جابر‎; born 30 January 1992) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League club Zamalek as a midfielder.	Omar Gaber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liam Agnew, born in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear is an English footballer who currently plays for Sunderland as a midfielder.	Liam Agnew	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Smiltos (Greek: Γιώργος Σμίλτος; born 7 October 1992) is a Greek professional football midfielder.	Giorgos Smiltos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Siamak Nemati (Persian: سیامک نعمتی‎‎); is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Paykan in the Iran Pro League.	Siamak Nemati	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Elisha Scott (24 August 1893 -- 16 May 1959) was an Irish football goalkeeper who most notably played for Liverpool from 1912 to 1934 (still holding the record as their longest-serving player).	Elisha Scott	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leonel Saint-Preux (born March 12, 1985, in Cap-Haïtien) is a Haitian footballer who plays as a forward for Sheikh Jamal Dhanmondi Club in the Bangladesh League.	Leonel Saint-Preux	forward
position played on team / speciality	Wellington Carvalho dos Santos is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Ceará, on loan from Fluminense.	Wellington Carvalho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Eduardo Herrera Bueno (5 July 1914 -- 15 August 1991), known as Herrerita, was a Spanish footballer who played as a forward.	Eduardo Herrera Bueno	forward
position played on team / speciality	Drew Bannister (born September 4, 1974) is a former professional ice hockey defenceman and current coach of the Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds.	Drew Bannister	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Myles Anderson (born 9 January 1990) is an English professional footballer who plays for Italian club Lupa Castelli Romani, on loan from L'Aquila, as a defender.	Myles Anderson	defender
position played on team / speciality	Giovanni Tedesco (born May 13, 1972 in Palermo) is an Italian former footballer in the role of centre midfielder and current technical collaborator of Italian club Palermo.	Giovanni Tedesco	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fabián Coito Machado (born 3 March 1967 in Montevideo) is a retired Uruguayan footballer who played as a defender, and the current manager of the Uruguayan U-20 national team.	Fabián Coito	defender
position played on team / speciality	Wendell Lucena Ramalho (born 21 or 22 November 1947) is a retired Brazilian football goalkeeper and coach.	Wendell Lucena Ramalho	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stoycho Mladenov, Jr. (Bulgarian: Стойчо Младенов - Младши) (born 19 June 1985) is a former Bulgarian football player, who played as a midfielder.	Stoycho Mladenov, Jr.	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	István Ludánszki (born 27 July 1987 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian Football (soccer) defender.	István Ludánszki	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carl Medjani (Arabic: كارل مجاني‎; born 15 May 1985) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder or central defender for Spanish club Levante UD and the Algeria national team, for which he is currently captain.	Carl Medjani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mickael Malsa (born 12 October 1995 in Paris) is a Martiniquais footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Royal Antwerp in the Belgian Second Division.	Mickael Malsa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sándor Sallai (born 26 March 1960, Debrecen) is a retired Hungarian footballer who played as a defender.	Sándor Sallai	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Banjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Бањац) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Spartak Subotica, and Bačka 1901 on dual registration.	Nikola Banjac	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michael Olaitan Oyeneye (born 1 January 1993) is a Nigerian footballer who currently plays as an forward for Belgian Pro League side KV Kortrijk, on loan from Olympiakos.	Michael Olaitan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Elis Doksani (born 5 July 1998 in Fier) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga and the Albania under-19 national team.	Elis Doksani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richie Pitt (born 22 October 1951) is a former professional footballer, born in Ryhope, County Durham, who played in the Football League as a defender for Sunderland, and was part of the club's 1973 FA Cup Final-winning team.	Richie Pitt	defender
position played on team / speciality	Iulian Arhire (born 17 March 1976 in Galaţi) is a Romanian professional footballer player who played as a midfielder.	Iulian Arhire	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marcelo de Mattos Terra or simply Marcelo Mattos (born 10 February 1984 in Indiaporã, São Paulo) is a Brazilian football defensive midfielder who plays for Vasco da Gama.	Marcelo Mattos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carolina Arbeláez (born March 8, 1995 in Colombia) is a Colombian footballer who currently plays as midfielder for Formas Íntimas.	Carolina Arbeláez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sezer Badur (born 20 June 1984 in West Berlin) is a Turkish-German footballer playing as an attacking midfielder for Antalyaspor.	Sezer Badur	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Víctor Valdés Arribas (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbiktoɾ βalˈdes aˈriβas); born 14 January 1982) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian club Standard Liège on loan from English club Manchester United and the Spain national team.	Víctor Valdés	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alfred Bourne (born 1898; date of death unknown) was an English footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Port Vale between 1919 and 1922.	Alfred Bourne	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Berk Akın (born November 14, 1996) is a Turkish ice hockey goaltender.	Berk Akın	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Renan Soares Reuter, better known as Renan, (born December 12, 1990 in São João Batista) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Tigres do Brasil, on loan from Corinthians.	Renan Soares Reuter	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Warren Godfrey (March 23, 1931 -- April 5, 1997) was a professional Canadian ice hockey defenceman.	Warren Godfrey	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Eddie McMahon was a Scottish professional football inside forward who played in the Football League for Clapton Orient.	Eddie McMahon	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Adani (born 10 July 1974 in Correggio, Reggio Emilia) is a retired Italian footballer, who played as a central defender.	Daniele Adani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Avramovski (Macedonian: Даниел Аврамовски, born 20 February 1995) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for OFK Beograd, on loan from Red Star Belgrade and the Macedonia national football team.	Daniel Avramovski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shimelis Bekele (Amharic: ጽሂመሊስ በከለ?, born 2 January 1990) is an Ethiopian international footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Shimelis Bekele	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Loes Geurts (Dutch pronunciation: (lus ɣøːrts); born 12 January 1986) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Kopparbergs/Göteborg FC of the Swedish Damallsvenskan.	Loes Geurts	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Yuriy Habovda (Ukrainian: Юрій Вікторович Габовда; born 6 May 1989 in Mukachevo, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who played for the Belarusian Premier League club Dinamo Minsk.	Yuriy Habovda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manoel Messias Silva Carvalho or simply Manoel (born February 26, 1990 in Bacabal), is a Brazilian Right back and centre defender.	Manoel Messias Silva Carvalho	defender
position played on team / speciality	Elias Valderhaug (born 26 April 1990) is a Norwegian football who plays as a goalkeeper for Åkra in 3.	Elias Valderhaug	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gastón Faber (born 21 April 1996) is an Uruguayan footballer who plays as an midfielder for Racing (MVD).	Gastón Faber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Vysotskyi (born 16 June 1986 in Alushta, Ukraine, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper.	Oleksandr Vysotskyi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bojan Stamenković (Serbian Cyrillic: Бојан Стаменковић; born 14 November 1981) is a Serbian football midfielder who last played for Moravac Mrštane.	Bojan Stamenković	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rasmus Grønborg Hansen (born April 9, 1986) is a Danish professional football defensive midfielder, who currently plays for AB.	Rasmus Grønborg Hansen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Neil McGregor (born 17 July 1985, in Irvine), is a Scottish football defender who currently plays for Hurlford United in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.	Neil McGregor	defender
position played on team / speciality	Diego De Ascentis (born 31 July 1976) is an Italian former footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Diego De Ascentis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alberto Zanata Amato, better known as Zanata (born September 6, 1950), is a former Brazilian association football defensive midfielder, who played in several Série A clubs.	Carlos Alberto Zanata Amato	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Simón Lecue Andrade (11 February 1912 -- 27 February 1984) was a Spanish footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Simón Lecue	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grégory Proment (born 10 December 1978) is a former French football (soccer) midfielder who played in Ligue 1.	Grégory Proment	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Afik Nissim (born January 31, 1981) is an Israeli point guard, who is currently playing for Hapoel Eilat.	Afik Nissim	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Christian Obodo (born 11 May 1984 in Warri, Nigeria) is a football defensive midfielder from Nigeria, who currently plays for Concordia Chiajna.	Christian Obodo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artur Yedigaryan (Armenian: Արթուր Եդիգարյան, born on 26 June 1987 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football player who currently plays midfielder for Alashkert and the Armenian national team.	Artur Yedigaryan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Norbert Gyömbér (born 3 July 1992) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Serie A club Roma, on loan from Serie B side Catania and the Slovakia national football team, as a defender.	Norbert Gyömbér	defender
position played on team / speciality	Diego Fuser (born November 11, 1968 in Venaria Reale, Province of Turin) is a retired Italian football player, who played as a midfielder, on the right wing.	Diego Fuser	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Yves Cartier is a Canadian former professional ice hockey defenceman.	Jean-Yves Cartier	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Justin Manao (born 25 March 1993) is an American Samoan international footballer who played college soccer in the United States for PLU Lutes, as a defender.	Justin Manao	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mohsen Khalili (Persian: محسن خلیلی‎‎, born February 14, 1981) is a retired Iranian football forward.	Mohsen Khalili	forward
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Bastos (born 1 January 1985 in Rio de Janeiro) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for América Mineiro.	Rafael Bastos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Serhat Köksal (born 18 February 1990 in The Hague) is a Dutch-born Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for DHC Delft.	Serhat Köksal	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Florian Vijent (28 November 1961 -- 7 June 1989), was a Dutch-Surinamese football goalkeeper.	Florian Vijent	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Massimiliano Ammendola (born 15 May 1990) is a retired Italian footballer who played as a midfielder	Massimiliano Ammendola	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jovan Tatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Јован Татовић) is a Serbian football defender who plays for Radnički Kragujevac.	Jovan Tatović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henry Ring (born March 16, 1977 in Franklin, Tennessee) is a soccer goalkeeper, who last played for the Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer.	Henry Ring	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Weiss (born April 3, 1983) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre currently an unrestricted free agent of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Stephen Weiss	centre
position played on team / speciality	Roman Procházka (pronounced (ˈroman ˈproxaːska)), born 14 March 1989) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Levski Sofia in the Bulgarian A Football Group as a midfielder.	Roman Procházka	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petros Kravaritis (Greek: Πέτρος Κραβαρίτης) (born 31 August 1987 in Lamia) is a Greek goalkeeper.	Petros Kravaritis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bob Rohrbach is a retired U.S. professional soccer forward who spent three seasons in the North American Soccer League, one in the Major Indoor Soccer League and one in the American Soccer League.	Bob Rohrbach	forward
position played on team / speciality	Andreas Bruhn Christensen is a Danish footballer who plays as a midfielder for AaB in the Danish Superliga.	Andreas Bruhn	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michal Gonda (born 29 August 1982) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Czech 2.	Michal Gonda	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Demos Goumenos (born 25 December 1978 in Paralimni, Cyprus) is a Cypriot football midfielder who played for Ayia Napa.	Demos Goumenos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Árni Sveinsson (born 12 February 1956) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a midfielder.	Árni Sveinsson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Erolcan Çinko (born August 15, 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays as a shooting guard for Rönesans TED Ankara Kolejliler of the Turkish Basketball Super League.	Erolcan Çinko	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Javier Güémez López (born 17 October 1991) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Liga MX club América and the Mexico national team.	Javier Güémez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gaël Genevier (born June 26, 1982 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères) is a French association football midfielder who currently plays for Lega Pro side Lumezzane.	Gaël Genevier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lyle Lakay (born 17 August 1991 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African football (soccer) midfielder for Bloemfontein Celtic in the Premier Soccer League.	Lyle Lakay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Novoa Sandin (born 9 July 1991), simply known as Christian Novoa is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Metropolitanos as a forward.	Christian Novoa	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ljubomir Radanović (Cyrillic: Љубомир Радановић; born 21 July 1960) is a former Yugoslav professional footballer who played as a defender.	Ljubomir Radanović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Simon Grether (born 20 May 1992 in Fribourg) is a Swiss professional footballer who plays as defender and/or midfielder.	Simon Grether	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jordan Turner-Hall (born 5 January 1988 in London, England) is a former rugby union player for Harlequin F.C. in the Aviva Premiership, playing primarily as a centre but he could also play on the wing.	Jordan Turner-Hall	centre
position played on team / speciality	Bevan Fransman (born 31 October 1983 in Cape Town, Western Cape) is a South African footballer, currently playing as a centre back for Bloemfontein Celtic and the South African national team.	Bevan Fransman	centre back
position played on team / speciality	Hassan Roudbarian (Persian: حسن رودباریان‎‎, born July 6, 1978 in Qazvin, Iran) is an Iranian football goalkeeper, currently playing for Mes Kerman in Iran's Premier Football League and the Iran national football team.	Hassan Roudbarian	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José-Alex Ikeng (born 30 January 1988 in Bafia, Cameroon) is a football midfielder who plays for Stuttgarter Kickers.	José-Alex Ikeng	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tim Heubach (born 12 May 1988) is a footballer who plays as a defender for 1.	Tim Heubach	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mojtaba Ramezani (Persian: مجتبی رمضانی‎); is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League.	Mojtaba Ramezani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adrian Thorpe (born 25 November 1963), also known as Aidey Thorpe, is a former English footballer who played as a winger or a forward.	Aidey Thorpe	winger
position played on team / speciality	Tyler Kettering (born July 24, 1984, in Xenia, Ohio) is an American soccer goalkeeper.	Tyler Kettering	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ilias Makryonitis (Greek: Ηλίας Μακρυωνίτης) (born 10 April 1989), is a Greek footballer, currently playing for AE Iraklio as a goalkeeper.	Ilias Makryonitis	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Igors Troickis (Russian: Игорь Анатольевич Троицкий, Igor Anatolyevich Troitskiy; born 11 January 1969) is a former football defender from Latvia.	Igors Troickis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lee Addy (born 7 July 1990 in Accra) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a defender for SuperLiga club FK Čukarički.	Lee Addy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Pessina (born 21 April 1997) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Catania, on loan from Milan.	Matteo Pessina	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Barry Tabobondung (April 3, 1961 -- July 11, 2000) was an Ojibwa Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and left winger.	Barry Tabobondung	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Martin Marinčin (pronounced (ˈmartɪn ˈmarɪntʃɪn)) (born 18 February 1992) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League (NHL).	Martin Marinčin	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Volodymyr Zhuk (born 30 May 1986) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper who has played in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Volodymyr Zhuk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	René Bader (7 August 1922 in Basel -- 1995 in Basel) was a former Swiss football forward and Trainer.	René Bader	forward
position played on team / speciality	Farhan Shakor, The young forward has netted three crucial goals in the knock out stages of the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup competition helping to bring his side to this stage.	Farhan Shakor	forward
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Ubiera (born 21 August 1990) is a Dominican international footballer who plays college soccer for the Florida Institute of Technology, as a defender.	Francisco Ubiera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto César Itacaramby, commonly known as just Roberto César (born February 14, 1955), is a former association footballer who played forward; he played in several Brazilian Série A clubs.	Roberto César	forward
position played on team / speciality	Cuthbert Malajila (3 October 1985 in Eiffel Flats, Mashonaland West) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a forward for South African Premier Soccer League side Mamelodi Sundowns.	Cuthbert Malajila	forward
position played on team / speciality	Willians Domingos Fernandes (born 29 January 1986 in Praia Grande) is a Brazilian defensive midfielder.	Willians Domingos Fernandes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Antonio Larrañaga Gurruchaga (alt.spelling Ion Andoni; born 3 July 1958 in Azpeitia, Gipuzkoa) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Juan Antonio Larrañaga	defender
position played on team / speciality	Valdir Joaquim de Moraes (born November 23, 1931 in Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul) is a former Brazilian football player at the position of goalkeeper.	Valdir Joaquim de Moraes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ido Kozikaro (born January 8, 1978) is an Israeli 2.03 m (6 ft 8 in) tall center who is playing for Hapoel Ahva Haifa in the lower levels of the Israeli basketball leagues.	Ido Kozikaro	center
position played on team / speciality	Borislav Stoyanov (Bulgarian: Борислав Траянов Стоянов, born 13 February 1985) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for TV Wackersdorf in the Futsal Regionalliga South as a goalkeeper.	Borislav Stoyanov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Frank Keetley (23 March 1901 -- 13 January 1968) was an English footballer who played inside forward.	Frank Keetley	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Neil Davids (22 September 1955 -- 23 December 2011) was an English professional footballer who played as a defender.	Neil Davids	defender
position played on team / speciality	Nijaz Ferhatović (born March 12, 1955 in Sarajevo, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian defender who played for SFR Yugoslavia.	Nijaz Ferhatović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Lupo Quiñónez (born on February 12, 1957) is a retired footballer from Ecuador, who played as a forward during his career.	Lupo Quiñónez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Madson Formagini Caridade or simply Madson (born May 21, 1986 in Volta Redonda), is a Brazilian footballer who plays attacking midfielder.	Madson Formagini Caridade	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reginald William David Marques (9 December 1932 -- 29 September 2010) was an English rugby union international lock forward.	David Marques	lock
position played on team / speciality	Stefano Fiore (born April 17, 1975 in Cosenza) is an Italian football manager and former player, who played as an attacking midfielder or on the wing.	Stefano Fiore	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Li Zhichao (Chinese: 李智超; Pinyin: Li Zhìchāo) is a professional Chinese footballer who plays as a midfielder for Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye.	Li Zhichao	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Vázquez Pena (born 24 October 1954) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder, and the current manager of RCD Mallorca.	Fernando Vázquez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joe Hilton (1931 -- 1995) was a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Leeds United and Chester City.	Joe Hilton	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Conlon (14 January 1943 -- 11 October 2000) was an English footballer who played as a forward in the Football League.	Bryan Conlon	forward
position played on team / speciality	Deivid Penchev (Bulgarian: Дейвид Пенчев; born 11 February 1991) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Blau-Weiss Ramsloh ).	Deivid Penchev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Saeid Aghaei (Persian: سعید آقایی‎‎) is an Iranian football winger who currently plays for Iranian football club Tractor Sazi in the Iran Pro League.	Saeid Aghaei	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ali Artuner (1944 -- 16 February 2001) was a Turkish footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Göztepe and the Turkish national team in the 1960s, rising to the position of captain on both teams.	Ali Artuner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giovani Lo Celso (9 April 1996) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Rosario Central.	Giovani Lo Celso	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Goran Milojević Radivojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Гopaн Mилojeвић; born 6 December 1964), known as Goran Milojević, is a retired Serbian footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and a current manager.	Goran Milojević	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Chananan Pombuppha (Thai: ชนานันท์ ป้อมบุปผา; born 17 March 1992), simply known as Two (Thai: ทู), is a Thai footballer who plays as a forward for Muangthong United in Thai Premier League.	Chananan Pombuppha	forward
position played on team / speciality	T. J. Caig (born January 26, 1981) is a Canadian ice hockey centre currently playing for the Fife Flyers of the EIHL League in the UK	T. J. Caig	centre
position played on team / speciality	Francis David Shawcross (3 July 1941 -- 7 November 2015) was an English footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Halifax Town, Stockport County and Manchester City.	David Shawcross	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Alex DeJohn (born May 10, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays for the Norwegian club Start as a defender.	Alex DeJohn	defender
position played on team / speciality	Philippe Violeau (born 19 September 1970 in Niort, Deux-Sèvres) is a retired footballer from France who last played as a midfielder for AJ Auxerre in the French Ligue 1.	Philippe Violeau	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tolga Özgen (born 28 February 1980) is a Turkish professional footballer goalkeeper.	Tolga Özgen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Cédric De La Loma (born 14 April 1984) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Swiss club Stade Nyonnais.	Cédric De La Loma	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Lanzini (born 15 February 1993) is an Argentine footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for English club West Ham United on loan from Al Jazira Club.	Manuel Lanzini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gerad Adams (born May 3, 1978) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who was previously the coach of the Sheffield Steelers of the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Gerad Adams	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Song Won-jae (Hangul: 송원재; born 21 February 1989) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Bucheon FC in K League Challenge.	Song Won-jae	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fotis Kipouros (Greek: Φώτης Κηπουρός; born 9 August 1975) is a Greek footballer who plays for Kampaniakos in the Greek Football League 2 as a goalkeeper.	Fotis Kipouros	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mick Galloway (born 13 October 1974 in Nottingham) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Mick Galloway	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Battistini (born 7 May 1963 in Massa) is a retired Italian association footballer who played as a defender or on occasion as a midfielder.	Sergio Battistini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Esther Sullastres Ayuso (Spanish pronunciation: (esˈter suˈʎastɾes aˈɟ͡ʝuso); born 20 March 1993) is a Spanish football goalkeeper who currently plays for Valencia CF in the Primera División.	Esther Sullastres	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paul Collings (born 30 September 1968 in Liverpool, England) is a former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Paul Collings	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Phil Groeneveld (born September 18, 1974 in Oshawa, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing for HC Alleghe in Italy's Serie A league.	Phil Groeneveld	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Sam Anderson-Heather (born 15 February 1988) is a New Zealand rugby union player who currently plays as a hooker for Otago in the ITM Cup and the Highlanders in Super Rugby.	Sam Anderson-Heather	hooker
position played on team / speciality	Bob DiLuca (born 30 August 1946) is a Canadian former international soccer player who played as a defender and midfielder.	Bob DiLuca	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kathrin Entner is an Austrian football defender, currently playing for SV Neulengbach in the ÖFB-Frauenliga.	Kathrin Entner	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marius Poškus (born 7 July 1970) is a retired Lithuanian international football goalkeeper.	Marius Poškus	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Luís Miguel Silva Tavares (born 10 March 1974), commonly known as Luís Vouzela, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Luís Vouzela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Blair Connor is capable of playing at either centre or wing.	Blair Connor	wing
position played on team / speciality	Reyaad Pieterse (born 17 February 1992 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a South African goalkeeper who plays for Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League.	Reyaad Pieterse	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Elias Mendes Trindade (born 16 May 1985), known simply as Elias (in Spain, Elías), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sport Club Corinthians Paulista.	Elias Mendes Trindade	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Alejandro Lembo Betancor (born 15 February 1978) is an Uruguayan retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender.	Alejandro Lembo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Mantovani (born 22 June 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays in the defender position for Novara.	Andrea Mantovani	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandru Moldovan (born 23 August 1950 in Ocna Mureş) is a Romanian football manager and former midfielder.	Alexandru Moldovan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Catalino Rivarola Méndez (born 30 April 1965 in Zabalhos, Asunción) is a former football defender from Paraguay.	Catalino Rivarola	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marco Roelofsen (born October 3, 1968 in Harderwijk, Gelderland) is a retired football (soccer) midfielder from the Netherlands, who started his professional career in the 1987/1988 season.	Marco Roelofsen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Adam Kompała (born 16 August 1973 in Ruda Śląska) is a former Polish footballer who played as a midfielder.	Adam Kompała	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vasillaq Zëri (born 4 August 1952 in Albania) is a retired Albanian footballer who played as a centre forward.	Vasillaq Zëri	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ilmārs Liepiņš (1947--2007) was a Latvian football midfielder who played for 10 years for FK Daugava Rīga.	Ilmārs Liepiņš	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Joakim Alriksson (born August 18, 1992), is a Swedish footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Joakim Alriksson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gastón Machín (born 20 February 1983 in Del Viso, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Instituto de Córdoba in the Primera B Nacional.	Gastón Machín	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Csaba Csizmadia (born 30 May 1985) is a Romanian-born Hungarian professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Floridsdorfer AC.	Csaba Csizmadia	defender
position played on team / speciality	Itay Elkaslasy (Hebrew: איתי אלקסלסי‎; born 20 March 1990) is an Israeli football defensive midfielder.	Itay Elkaslasy	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jan Õun (born 8 February 1977) is a retired football (soccer) forward from Estonia.	Jan Õun	forward
position played on team / speciality	Milan Stavrić (born 21 May 1987) is a Serbian footballer who as a forward, who plays for Dinamo Vranje.	Milan Stavrić	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emir Bihorac (Serbian Cyrillic: Eмиp Бихopaц ; born July 19, 1982 in Novi Pazar, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian/Bosniak football midfielder.	Emir Bihorac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Emil Nowakowski (born May 15, 1974 in Lubin, Poland) is a Polish football midfielder who has played primarily in the Polish lower divisions.	Emil Nowakowski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Signori António (born 25 July 1994) is an Angolan international footballer who plays for FC Le Mont as a goalkeeper.	Signori António	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Lu Jiang started his professional football career with Beijing Guoan in 2000 as a highly promising young midfielder who came from the club's youth team.	Lu Jiang	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matthew Steenvoorden (born 9 January 1993 in Leidschendam) is an Indonesian footballer professional who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Matthew Steenvoorden	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Riccardo Caraglia (born 22 January 1989) is an Italian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Serie D club Verbania.	Riccardo Caraglia	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Borys Orlovskyi (Ukrainian: Борис Павлович Орловський, born 16 January 1993 in Chernivtsi, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for team of FC Bukovyna Chernivtsi in the Ukrainian First League.	Borys Orlovskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Karyn Forbes (born 27 August 1991) is a Tobagonian soccer defender.	Karyn Forbes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitrios Zografakis, (born 3 August 1978) is a Greek footballer currently playing as a midfielder.	Dimitrios Zografakis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ledio Pano (born 23 May 1968) is a former Albanian professional football attacking midfielder who played much of his career in Greece with Skoda Xanthi, Panelefsiniakos and PAS Giannina.	Ledio Pano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vassilios Tsiartas (Greek: Βασίλης Τσιάρτας) (born on 12 November 1972) is a retired Greek international football player who played as an attacking midfielder.	Vassilios Tsiartas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Brightwell (born 31 January 1979 in Easington, United Kingdom) is an English football midfielder who one season in the USL First Division in the United States.	Stuart Brightwell	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mudzar Mohamad sometimes spelt Muadzar Mohamad (born on 20 January 1966) is a former Malaysian footballer who was a goalkeeper for Pahang and the Malaysia national football team.	Mudzar Mohamad	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ľuboš Hajdúch (born 6 March 1980) is a Slovak football (soccer) goalkeeper who currently plays for MFK Skalica.	Ľuboš Hajdúch	goalkeeper
present in work	Galvatron makes his debut in The Transformers: The Movie.	Galvatron	The Transformers: The Movie
present in work	James Heller is a fictional character from the TV series 24, played by William Devane.	James Heller	24
present in work	Facilitated by Cosmo and Richard Rider, Knowhere is now used as the base of operations for the new Guardians of the Galaxy.	Knowhere	Guardians of the Galaxy
present in work	Alyosha Karamazov (Russian: Алёша Карамазов) is the protagonist in The Brothers Karamazov by Fyodor Dostoyevsky.	Alyosha Karamazov	The Brothers Karamazov
present in work	Robert California, also known as Bob Kazamakis, is a fictional character on the U.S. comedy television series, The Office.	Robert California	The Office
present in work	Jean Hope is a fictional character in the British ITV soap opera Emmerdale.	Jean Hope	Emmerdale
present in work	Palmer Cortlandt is a fictional character on the long-running ABC soap opera All My Children, played by James Mitchell from 1979 to 2010.	Palmer Cortlandt	All My Children
present in work	Count Baltar was a leading antagonist in the original 1978 Battlestar Galactica television series.	Count Baltar	Battlestar Galactica
present in work	Dr. Michael Mancini, M.D., portrayed by Thomas Calabro, is a fictional character from the 1990s prime time drama Melrose Place and the 2009 series revival of the same name.	Michael Mancini	Melrose Place
present in work	Skyler White (née Lambert) is a fictional character in Breaking Bad, where she is portrayed by Anna Gunn.	Skyler White	Breaking Bad
present in work	Thunder Clash or Thunderclash, are the names of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.	Thunder Clash	Transformers
present in work	Toby the Tram Engine is a fictional anthropomorphic tram engine in The Railway Series by the Rev. W. Awdry and his son, Christopher; he also appears in the spin-off television series Thomas & Friends.	Toby the Tram Engine	The Railway Series	Thomas & Friends
present in work	A Whitelighter is a fictional character featured on the WB television series Charmed.	Whitelighter	Charmed
present in work	In The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, the Stone Table is the sacred place where Aslan is killed by Jadis, the White Witch.	Stone Table	The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe
present in work	Dr. Gabrielle Jacobs is a fictional character on the New Zealand soap opera Shortland Street and has been portrayed by Virginie Le Brun throughout two stints, the first from 2009 to 2010 and the second from 2011 to 2012.	Gabrielle Jacobs	Shortland Street
present in work	Omega Supreme is the name of a fictional character from the Transformers franchise.	Omega Supreme	Transformers
present in work	Miaoyu (Chinese: 妙玉; Pinyin: Miàoyù, rendered Adamantina in the David Hawkes translation) is an important character in Dream of the Red Chamber, one of the classics of Chinese fiction.	Miaoyu	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Maeglin is a fictional character in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium, featured in The Silmarillion.	Maeglin	The Silmarillion
present in work	Roger Murtaugh is a fictional character in the Lethal Weapon films, played in all four by Danny Glover.	Roger Murtaugh	Lethal Weapon
present in work	Jerry Morton, played by Michael Starke, is a fictional character on the ITV soap opera Coronation Street.	Jerry Morton	Coronation Street
present in work	In the epic Mahabharata, Vichitravirya (Sanskrit: विचित्रवीर्य, vicitravīrya) is the younger son of queen Satyavatī and king Śaṅtanu and grandfather of the Pandavas and Kaurava.	Vichitravirya	Mahabharata
present in work	Haftvād (Persian: هفتواد‎‎) is a legendary character whose story appears alongside accounts of the rise of Ardashir I, the founder of the Sassanid dynasty of Persia, in the third century C.E. Haftvād is mentioned in various sources, most notably the Shahnameh of Abu'l-Qāsim Ferdowsī Tūsī.	Haftvād	Shahnameh
present in work	Adam Chandler is a fictional character from the ABC and The Online Network daytime drama All My Children, portrayed by David Canary from Fall 1983 through his departure on April 23, 2010, and briefly reprising the role for the series' final weeks on ABC in September 2011.	Adam Chandler	All My Children
present in work	Ava Lord is a fictional character in Frank Miller's Sin City universe, the title character in the graphic novel A Dame to Kill For.	Ava Lord	Sin City
present in work	Zapp Brannigan is a fictional character in the animated sitcom Futurama.	Zapp Brannigan	Futurama
present in work	The Watcher in the Water is a fictional creature in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth legendarium; it appears in The Fellowship of the Ring, the first volume of The Lord of the Rings.	Watcher in the Water	The Lord of the Rings
present in work	Owen Hunt, M.D. is a fictional character from the medical drama television series Grey's Anatomy, which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States.	Owen Hunt	Grey's Anatomy
present in work	Herschel Shmoikel Pinchas Yerucham Krustofski, better known as Krusty the Clown, is a cartoon character in the animated television series The Simpsons.	Krusty the Clown	The Simpsons
present in work	Scattorshot is the name of several fictional characters in the Transformers universes.	Scattorshot	Transformers
present in work	Julia Snyder (maiden name Lindsey) is a fictional character on the CBS daytime soap opera As the World Turns.	Julia Snyder	As the World Turns
present in work	Christina McKinney is a fictional character in the American comedy-drama series Ugly Betty, portrayed by Ashley Jensen.	Christina McKinney	Ugly Betty
present in work	Phyllis Summers is a fictional character from The Young and the Restless, an American soap opera on the CBS network.	Phyllis Summers	The Young and the Restless
present in work	Emilio Largo is a fictional character and the main antagonist from the 1961 James Bond novel Thunderball.	Emilio Largo	Thunderball
present in work	Jonathan Randall is a fictional character on the television soap opera Guiding Light.	Jonathan Randall	Guiding Light
present in work	May Wright (often referred to by the media as ``Mad May'') is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders.	May Wright	EastEnders
present in work	Queen Hygd, introduced in line 1925 of the poem Beowulf, is the wife of King Hygelac of Geatland.	Hygd	Beowulf
present in work	Jia Xichun (Chinese: 賈惜春; Pinyin: Jiǎ Xīchūn) is a primary character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Jia Xichun	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Jia Baoyu (simplified Chinese: 贾宝玉; traditional Chinese: 賈寶玉; pinyin: Jiǎ Bǎoyù; literally ``Precious Jade'' and his surname is a homophone with ``false'' or ``fictitious'') is the principal character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Jia Baoyu	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Dr. Daniel Faraday is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Jeremy Davies.	Daniel Faraday	Lost
present in work	Korath the Pursuer first appears in the Guardians of the Galaxy episode ``Road to Knowhere,'' voiced by Dave Fennoy.	Korath the Pursuer	Guardians of the Galaxy
publication date	What Became of Jack and Jill? is a 1972 British horror movie.	What Became of Jack and Jill?	1972
publication date	Teddy Boy agapi mou (Greek: Greek: Τέντυ μπόι αγάπη μου, Teddy Boy My Love) is a 1965 Greek comedy film directed by Alekos Sakellarios.	Teddy Boy agapi mou	1965
publication date	Nos lleva la tristeza (``We Take the Sadness'') is a 1964 Mexican film.	Nos lleva la tristeza	1964
publication date	An Obsolete Altar is a 2013 short film is inspired by the play Achalayatan written by Rabindranath Tagore.	An Obsolete Altar	2013
publication date	Basic Instinct 2 (also known as Basic Instinct 2: Risk Addiction) is a 2006 erotic thriller film and the sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct.	Basic Instinct 2	2006
publication date	The Blue Yusef Lateef is an album by multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef recorded in 1968 and released on the Atlantic label.	The Blue Yusef Lateef	1968
publication date	Cryptozookeeper is an award winning interactive fiction game written and self-published by Robb Sherwin in 2011.	Cryptozookeeper	2011
publication date	Fun School 6 is the sixth set of educational games, created in 1996 by Europress Software released on Windows.	Fun School	1996
publication date	Mr. Nookayya (previously known as Mr. Nokia and Mr. No Keyia) is a 2012 Indian Telugu-action film written and directed by Ani Kanneganti, produced by D. S. Rao under Shri Shailendra Cinemas banner and starring Manoj Manchu, Kriti Kharbanda and Sana Khan in lead roles.	Mr. Nookayya	2012
publication date	Galaga Remix is an iOS game based on Galaga released in 2009 by Namco Bandai games, is mainly a port of Galaga Arrangement from Namco Museum Battle Collection for the PlayStation Portable, but with the multiplayer features removed, and it's called Galaga Remix instead of Arrangement.	Galaga Remix	2009
publication date	Rambo III is a 1988 American action film.	Rambo III	1988
publication date	Hell Has Harbour Views is a 2005 Australian television movie starring Matt Day and Lisa McCune.	Hell Has Harbour Views	2005
publication date	Where Adam Stood is a television play by Dennis Potter, first broadcast on BBC 2 in 1976.	Where Adam Stood	1976
publication date	Betty Boop's Crazy Inventions is a 1933 Fleischer Studios animated short film, featuring Betty Boop.	Betty Boop's Crazy Inventions	1933
publication date	Teesh and Trude is a 2002 Australian drama film directed by Melanie Rodriga, and was adapted from an original stage-play by Wilson McCaskill.	Teesh and Trude	2002
publication date	Behind City Lights is a 1945 American crime film directed by John English and written by Richard Weil and Gertrude Walker.	Behind City Lights	1945
publication date	10 Eventful Years is the title of the 1947 Encyclopædia Britannica range of books, spanning ten years.	10 Eventful Years	1947
publication date	Topless Women Talk About Their Lives is a 1997 New Zealand film about a group of twenty something friends.	Topless Women Talk About Their Lives	1997
publication date	More Bloody Meetings is a 1984 British comedy training film that stars John Cleese as a bumbling middle manager.	More Bloody Meetings	1984
publication date	Ru Ba Ru is a 2008 Indian drama film directed by the debutant director Arjun Bali.	Ru Ba Ru	2008
publication date	Oktar published volume 1 of The Atlas of Creation with Global Publishing, Istanbul, Turkey in October 2006.	The Atlas of Creation	2006
publication date	Bad Bush is a 2009 Australian psychological thriller film.	Bad Bush	2009
publication date	Happiness Is a Warm Blanket, Charlie Brown is a Peanuts television special that was released in 2011.	Happiness Is a Warm Blanket, Charlie Brown	2011
publication date	The Maiden Tribute of Modern Babylon was a series of highly controversial newspaper articles on child prostitution that appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette in July 1885.	The Maiden Tribute of Modern Babylon	1885
publication date	Cornelis sjunger Victor Jara: rätten till ett eget liv (English: Cornelis sings Victor Jara: The right to live in peace) was a music album recorded by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk in 1978.	Cornelis sjunger Victor Jara	1978
publication date	Parbat Ke Us Paar is a 1988 Hindi language romance film directed by Raman Kumar.	Parbat Ke Us Paar	1988
publication date	Podmo Patar Jol (Bengali: পদ্ম পাতার জল) is a 2015 Bangladeshi Bengali language historical romantic drama film written by Latiful Islam and directed by Tanmay Tansen.	Podmo Patar Jol	2015
publication date	The Room Upstairs is a 1987 Hallmark Hall of Fame TV movie based on the novel The Room Upstairs by Norma Levinson, starring Stockard Channing, Sam Waterston, Joan Allen and Linda Hunt.	The Room Upstairs	1987
publication date	Blackenstein, also known as Black Frankenstein, is a low budget 1973 blaxploitation horror film loosely based on Mary Shelley's Frankenstein.	Blackenstein	1973
publication date	Johnny English is a 2003 British comedy film parodying the James Bond secret agent genre.	Johnny English	2003
publication date	A Fairly Odd Summer (also known as A Fairly Odd Movie 3 or A Fairly Odd Paradise) is a 2014 television film and is the third live action film based on the animated series The Fairly Odd Parents as well as the third installment in the live action film series.	A Fairly Odd Summer	2014
publication date	On 4 December 1948, he sent the final manuscript to the publisher Secker and Warburg and Nineteen Eighty-Four was published on 8 June 1949.	Nineteen Eighty-Four	8 June 1949
publication date	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2 is a 1996 American animated musical fantasy adventure comedy-drama film, and a sequel to Goldcrest Films' 1989 animated film All Dogs Go to Heaven.	All Dogs Go to Heaven 2	1996
publication date	Prince of Players is a 1955 20th Century Fox biographical film about the 19th century American actor Edwin Booth.	Prince of Players	1955
publication date	Sur les traces du Bembeya Jazz (In the Steps of Bembeya Jazz) is a 2007 documentary film about the Guinean band Bembeya Jazz.	Sur les traces du Bembeya Jazz	2007
publication date	Nina Forever is a 2015 British horror comedy film written and directed by brothers Ben and Chris Blaine.	Nina Forever	2015
publication date	Plan for Destruction is a 1943 American short propaganda film directed by Edward Cahn.	Plan for Destruction	1943
publication date	Salut Victor is a Canadian film, released in 1989.	Salut Victor	1989
publication date	Haven't We Met Before? is a 2002 mystery film starring Nicollette Sheridan, Page Fletcher, Anthony Lemke and Daniela Amavia.	Haven't We Met Before?	2002
publication date	Aakasha Gopuram (English: Castle in the Air) is a 2008 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by K.P.Kumaran.	Aakasha Gopuram	2008
publication date	``Our Struggle'' was a pamphlet written late October 1945 by Indonesian independence leader Soetan Sjahrir.	Our Struggle	1945
publication date	American Grindhouse is a 2010 documentary directed and produced by Elijah Drenner.	American Grindhouse	2010
publication date	``Cant Get There from Here'', or ``Can't Get There from Here'', was the first single released by R.E.M. from its third studio album Fables of the Reconstruction in 1985.	Cant Get There from Here	1985
publication date	A Good Time for a Dime is a 1941 Disney short film in which Donald Duck watches a risquée Daisy perform a parody the Dance of the seven veils in a Mutoscope at a penny arcade nickelodeon peep show.	A Good Time for a Dime	1941
publication date	Suggestion Box is a short propaganda film produced in 1943 by the Office of War Information.	Suggestion Box	1943
publication date	Cold Light (Icelandic: Kaldaljós) is a 2004 Icelandic film directed by Hilmar Oddsson.	Cold Light	2004
publication date	Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island is a 1998 animated direct-to-video horror-comedy film based on the animated television series Scooby-Doo Saturday morning cartoon franchise.	Scooby-Doo on Zombie Island	1998
publication date	Israel vs Israel is a 2010 documentary on the Israeli--	Israel vs Israel	2010
publication date	Solah Satra is a 1990 Indian romance film directed by Munna Rizvi, starring Arbaaz Ali Khan and Ekta Sohini in lead roles, Ashwin Verma and Kulbhushan Kharbanda as antagonists.	Solah Satra	1990
publication date	``Pretty Belinda'' is a song written and recorded by Chris Andrews, which he released as a single in July 1969.	Pretty Belinda	1969
publication date	5000 Miles is a 2006 American documentary by filmmaker Michael Rozumalski that tells the story of a young couple adopting a child from Poland.	5000 Miles	2006
publication date	So Cute (Hangul: 귀여워; RR: Kwiyeowo) is a 2004 South Korean drama film about four men on the margins of society who fall in love with the same woman.	So Cute	2004
publication date	Witness to the Mob is a made-for-TV film which premiered on May 10, 1998.	Witness to the Mob	1998
publication date	Music Man StingRay is an electric bass guitar by Music Man, introduced in 1976.	Music Man StingRay	1976
publication date	Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen (Maldivian: އެންމެ ފަހުވިންދާ ޖެހެންދެން, translation: Till the last pulse) is a 2015 Maldivian romantic-drama film, starring Mohamed Jumayyil and Mariyam Majudha in the lead roles.	Emme Fahu Vindha Jehendhen	2015
publication date	The Great Land of Small is a 1987 Canadian fantasy children's film.	The Great Land of Small	1987
publication date	Kaamashaasthram is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film directed by PG Vasudevan.	Kaamashaasthram	1981
publication date	The Vigilantes Return is a 1947 western film produced by Universal Pictures in Cinecolor.	The Vigilantes Return	1947
publication date	Finn on the Fly is 2008 Canadian film that was directed by Mark Jean.	Finn on the Fly	2008
publication date	Life in the Undergrowth is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first transmitted in the UK from 23 November 2005.	Life in the Undergrowth	2005
publication date	Launched in 2004, the Stardoll website was attracting a reported 200 thousand unique users a month in September 2009.	Stardoll	2004
publication date	Tarzan's Deadly Silence (1970) is an adventure film composed of an edited two-part television episode of Tarzan released as a feature.	Tarzan's Deadly Silence	1970
publication date	Get Yourself a College Girl, also released as The Swinging Set, is a 1964 Metrocolor film comedy in the style of a beach party movie.	Get Yourself a College Girl	1964
publication date	Vigilantes y ladrones (``vigilantes and robbers'') is an 1952 Argentine film.	Vigilantes y ladrones	1952
publication date	The Anderssons Rock the Mountains (Swedish: Sune i fjällen) is a Swedish comedy, children's and family film, which opened on 19 December 2014.	The Anderssons Rock the Mountains	19 December 2014
publication date	Familiar Strangers (formerly known as Pretzels & Pills) is a 2008 film about an American family going through the process of negotiating the changing relationships between parents and children, especially as those children grow into adulthood.	Familiar Strangers	2008
publication date	Magnetic Joe is a puzzle-platformed video game developed for mobile phones by Most Wanted Entertainment/Mobile and published by HD publishing in 2006.	Magnetic Joe	2006
publication date	The Golden Pin is a 2009 short film directed by Cuong Ngo about a young Vietnamese-Canadian swimmer who struggles between the expectations of family and the demands of his heart.	The Golden Pin	2009
publication date	The Hunt for Tony Blair is a one-off episode of The Comic Strip Presents..., a British television comedy, which was first shown on Channel 4 on 14 October 2011.	The Hunt for Tony Blair	2011
publication date	Hare Conditioned is a 1945 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series.	Hare Conditioned	1945
publication date	Gas Guzzlers Extreme is a combat racing game, released 8 October 2013 for Microsoft Windows.	Gas Guzzlers Extreme	8 October 2013
publication date	Nee Ko Njaa Cha (acronym of Ninnem Kollum Njaanum Chavum) (English:Kill you, then Kill Myself) is a 2013 Indian Malayalam comedy thriller film written and directed by Gireesh.	Nee Ko Njaa Cha	2013
publication date	The Encyclopedia of the Consumer Movement is a 1997 encyclopedia edited by Stephen Brobeck and which describes the history of the consumer movement and other topics related to consumerism.	Encyclopedia of the Consumer Movement	1997
publication date	Haunted Poland (Polish: Nawiedzona Polska) is a 2011 horror film in the found footage genre, pieced together from amateur footage.	Haunted Poland	2011
publication date	Here Comes Fortune is a 2010 Hong Kong feature film, a rendition of folklore regarding the God of Fortune.	Here Comes Fortune	2010
publication date	Drake's Venture is a 1980 film depiction of Francis Drake's voyage of circumnavigation.	Drake's Venture	1980
publication date	The Earth's Most Beloved Son (originally Cel mai iubit dintre pământeni) is a 1993 Romanian drama film based on the novel Cel mai iubit dintre pământeni by Marin Preda.	The Earth's Most Beloved Son	1993
publication date	The Foursome is a 2006 American/Canadian comedy film.	The Foursome	2006
publication date	Panic at Rock Island is a 2011 Australian-New Zealand TV movie made for the Syfy (Australia) Channel.	Panic at Rock Island	2011
publication date	Secret Ceremony is a 1968 film, produced in Britain and released by Universal Pictures.	Secret Ceremony	1968
publication date	Land of Doom is a 1986 American film set in the 21st Century after what was known as the ``Final War'' leaves the world in a post-apocalyptic wasteland filled with disease and pollution, unfit for human life.	Land of Doom	1986
publication date	I Am Really Sorry (Hangul: 진짜 진짜 미안해; RR: Jinjja jinjja mi-anhae; lit. ``I'm Really Really Sorry'') is a 1976 South Korean film directed by Mun Yeo-song.	I Am Really Sorry	1976
publication date	Special Criminal Investigation in some versions of the home ports, was a 1989 arcade game published by Taito and is the sequel to the 1988 original Chase H.Q..	Special Criminal Investigation	1989
publication date	Spinach Fer Britain is a 1943, anti-nazi propaganda cartoon, produced by Famous Studios and distributed by Paramount Pictures.	Spinach Fer Britain	1943
publication date	A Woman's Temptation is a low budget 1959 British crime film.	Woman's Temptation	1959
publication date	Shivagange Mahathme (Kannada: ಶಿವಗಂಗೆ ಮಹಾತ್ಮೆ) is a 1964 Indian Kannada film, directed by Govindaiah and produced by J C Thimmarayappa.	Shivagange Mahathme	1964
publication date	The Seventh Bullet (Russian: Седьмая пуля, translit. Sedmaya pulya) is a Soviet Ostern film of 1972 directed by Ali Khamraev.	The Seventh Bullet	1972
publication date	The Bag Man (also known as Motel in some countries and as The Carrier on Netflix) is a 2014 thriller film directed by David Grovic.	The Bag Man	2014
publication date	The Revisionaries is a 2012 documentary film about the re-election of Don McLeroy, the former chairman of the Texas Board of Education.	The Revisionaries	2012
publication date	Mystic India is a 2004 large format film (commonly known as the IMAX format) about India's culture, people, and traditions.	Mystic India	2004
publication date	Högre mark is a song written by Staffan Hellstrand, and recorded by Idde Schultz on 1995 album Idde Schultz, and released as a single the same year.	Högre mark	1995
publication date	One Day in the Future (Turkish: Gelecekten Bir Gün) is a 2010 Turkish comedy film, directed by Boğaçhan Dündar, featuring Hayrettin Karaoğuz as a man who is shown his unrealised future by two angels after committing suicide.	One Day in the Future	2010
publication date	Meet the Pegasus (Simplified Chinese: 喜羊羊与灰太狼之飞马奇遇记, Traditional Chinese: 喜羊羊與灰太狼之飛馬奇遇記) is a 2014 Chinese animated comedy adventure family film part of the film series based on the animated television series Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf.	Meet the Pegasus	2014
publication date	Glue Sniffer (Spanish: Huelepega: Ley de la calle) is a 1999 Spanish-language film directed by Elia Schneider.	Glue Sniffer	1999
publication date	Battle of Blood Island is a 1960 American World War II war film filmed in Puerto Rico.	Battle of Blood Island	1960
publication date	Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber (retitled The Social Climber for the U.K. market) is a romantic comedy television film made for the Oxygen Network released March 12, 2005 based on the novel of the same name by Adele Lang.	Confessions of a Sociopathic Social Climber	2005
publication date	Danger Beneath the Sea is a 2001 thriller television film and starring Casper Van Dien.	Danger Beneath the Sea	2001
publication date	Als die Sonne vom Himmel fiel is a 2015 Swiss documentary film.	Als die Sonne vom Himmel fiel	2015
publication date	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying is a 1967 musical comedy film based on the 1961 stage musical of the same name, which in turn was based on Shepherd Mead's book.	How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying	1967
publication date	Eagle in a Cage is an Anglo-American historical drama film, produced in 1972.	Eagle in a Cage	1972
publication date	SpokAnarchy! is a 2011 documentary film that chronicles the 1980s punk rock scene in Spokane, Washington.	SpokAnarchy!	2011
publication date	Song for Chao Phraya (Thai: น้องเมีย; rtgs: Nawng mia) is a 1990 Thai drama film directed by Chatrichalerm Yukol.	Song for Chao Phraya	1990
publication date	Going Blind premiered at the World Ophthalmology Congress in Berlin in June 2010 and opened in New York at the Quad Cinema in October 2010.	Going Blind	2010
publication date	Rebel Without a Cause is a 1955 American drama film about emotionally confused suburban, middle-class teenagers filmed in CinemaScope.	Rebel Without a Cause	1955
publication date	Poovarasam Peepee (English: Whistle made from the leave(s) of the Poovarasu Tree) is a 2014 Indian children's adventure film directed and written by Halitha Shameem, in her directorial debut.	Poovarasam Peepee	2014
publication date	Per amor vostro is a 2015 Italian drama film directed by Giuseppe M. Gaudino.	Per amor vostro	2015
publication date	Englishkaran (Tamil: இங்கிலிஷ்காரன், meaning English Man) is a 2005 Tamil film.	Englishkaran	2005
publication date	Who Killed Gail Preston? is a 1938 American crime film, directed by Leon Barsha.	Who Killed Gail Preston?	1938
publication date	Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang is a book by Chelsea Handler that was published in March 2010.	Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang	March 2010
publication date	The Skateboard Kid is a 1993 comedy film produced by Roger Corman.	The Skateboard Kid	1993
publication date	Marian, Again is a 2005 British psychological thriller film directed by David Drury.	Marian, Again	2005
publication date	Come rubammo la bomba atomica or How We Stole the Atomic Bomb is a 1967 Italian-Egyptian international co-production Eurospy comedy based on the 1966 Palomares B-52 crash.	Come rubammo la bomba atomica	1967
publication date	Inercia (Inertia) is a 2013 Mexican film directed by Isabel Muñoz Cota Callejas, who also wrote the screenplay in collaboration with Claudia Sainte-Luce.	Inercia	2013
publication date	6'2 (English: 6 foot, 2 inches) is a 2005 Indian Tamil language thriller film directed by V. Senthil Kumar.	6'2	2005
publication date	His Last Race is a 1923 American film starring Australian actor Reginald Leslie ``Snowy'' Baker.	His Last Race	1923
publication date	The Schism Act (13 Ann., c. 7) was a 1714 Act of the Parliament of Great Britain.	Schism Act	1714
publication date	Small Town Deb is a 1941 teenage comedy by 20th Century Fox directed by Harold Schuster.	Small Town Deb	1941
publication date	The Delicate Art of the Rifle is a 1996 independent film directed by Dante W. Harper, with a screenplay by Stephen Grant, based on his short story by the same name.	The Delicate Art of the Rifle	1996
publication date	Simha Jodi (Kannada: ಸಿಂಹ ಜೋಡಿ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film, directed by Joe Simon and produced by A. R. Raju.	Simha Jodi	1980
publication date	Ang Huling Henya is a 2013 Filipino action-horror comedy film directed by Marlon Rivera starring Rufa Mae Quinto.	Ang Huling Henya	2013
publication date	100 Bloody Acres is a 2012 Australian horror comedy film directed and written by brothers Colin and Cameron Cairnes.	100 Bloody Acres	2012
publication date	The Blue Iguana is a 1988 crime film about a bounty hunter who is blackmailed into stopping the transfer of twenty million dollars from a Mexican tax paradise into the United States.	The Blue Iguana	1988
publication date	Naalvar (Tamil: நால்வர்) is a 1953 Tamil family drama film directed by V. Krishnan.	Naalvar	1953
publication date	Sawaal Majha Aika! (English translation: Listen to My Question!) is a Marathi Indian black and white film released in 1964.	Sawaal Majha Aika!	1964
publication date	Hijacking Catastrophe: 9/11, Fear & the Selling of American Empire is a 2004 documentary film narrated by Julian Bond and directed by Jeremy Earp and Sut Jhally.	Hijacking Catastrophe	2004
publication date	Santha Thukaram (Kannada: ಸಂತ ತುಕಾರಾಂ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by Sundara Rao Nadakarni and produced by B Radhakrishna.	Santha Thukaram	1963
publication date	Killer Pickton is a 2005 American horror film that is loosely based on the crimes of Canadian pig farmer Robert Pickton.	Killer Pickton	2005
publication date	My Fair Son (Chinese: 我如花似玉的儿子) is a 2005 Chinese gay-themed film (first released for public exhibition in the United States in 2009), by Chinese film director Cui Zi'en.	My Fair Son	2005
publication date	Why We Bang is a 2006 independent documentary film that documents the historical background of LA's Bloods and Crips gangs.	Why We Bang	2006
publication date	Island Target is a 1945 documentary made by the Australian government during World War Two.	Island Target	1945
publication date	Garuda Rekhe (Kannada: ಗರುಡ ರೇಖೆ) is a 1982 Indian Kannada film, directed by P S Prakash and produced by G.S. Vasu, P Sheshaiah, B Manmatha Rao, M Shivaji Rao, N M Victor and P Venkata Reddy.	Garuda Rekhe	1982
publication date	Now Barabbas is a 1949 British drama film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Richard Greene, Cedric Hardwicke and Kathleen Harrison.	Now Barabbas	1949
publication date	Page Eight is a 2011 British political thriller/action drama, written and directed for the BBC by the British writer David Hare, his first film as director since the 1989 film Strapless.	Page Eight	2011
publication date	The Passion of Joan of Arc debuted on 21 April 1928 at the Palads Teatret cinema in Copenhagen.	The Passion of Joan of Arc	21 April 1928
publication date	Mickey Virus is 2013 Bollywood comedy thriller film released on 25 October 2013 and written & directed by Saurabh Varma.	Mickey Virus	2013
publication date	Tezaab (Hindi: तेज़ाब, Urdu: تیزاب, translation: ``Acid''), released on 11 November 1988, is an Indian Action romantic Hindi movie.	Tezaab	1988
publication date	'The Mental and Social Life of Babies was published in 1982.	The Mental and Social Life of Babies	1982
publication date	Isle of Escape is a 1930 American Pre-Code film produced and released by Warner Bros..	Isle of Escape	1930
publication date	The Last Impresario is a 2013 documentary film about prolific British theatre impresario and film producer Michael White.	The Last Impresario	2013
publication date	Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana (English: If you said you wanted to come, Will I say no?) is a 2005 Telugu, romantic comedy film, starring Siddharth and Trisha Krishnan.	Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana	2005
publication date	The Outrage (1964) is a remake of the 1950 Japanese film Rashomon, reformulated as a Western.	The Outrage	1964
publication date	Midnight Ballad for Ghost Theater (Korean: 삼거리 극장; lit. Three-way Intersection Theater; aka The Ghost Theater) is a 2006 South Korean musical fantasy comedy horror film written and directed by Jeon Kye-soo.	Midnight Ballad for Ghost Theater	2006
publication date	Vanmam (English: Vengeance) is a 2014 Indian Tamil drama film directed by Jai Krishna, a former assistant of Kamal Haasan.	Vanmam	2014
publication date	Hot Cross Bunny is a 1948 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies theatrical animated short, starring Bugs Bunny.	Hot Cross Bunny	1948
publication date	Khrustalyov, My Car! (Russian: Хрусталёв, машину!; translit. Khrustalyov, mashinu!) is a 1998 Russian drama film directed by Aleksei German, screenplay by Svetlana Karmalita.	Khrustalyov, My Car!	1998
publication date	Life in a Beautiful Light is the third album by Scottish singer-songwriter Amy Macdonald, released on 11 June 2012.	Life in a Beautiful Light	11 June 2012
publication date	A Sense of Wonder is the fifteenth studio album by Northern Irish singer/songwriter Van Morrison released in 1985.	A Sense of Wonder	1985
publication date	Originally a free web game, SpeedRunners was released on Steam on 26 August 2013 as an early access game.	SpeedRunners	26 August 2013
publication date	Gernail Singh (Punjabi: جرنیل سنگھ) is a 1987 Pakistani Punjabi language film, directed by Younis Malik and produced by Fayyaz Khan.	Gernail Singh	1987
publication date	Khoon Ki Pukaar is a 1978 Bollywood action film drama directed by Ramesh Ahuja.	Khoon Ki Pukaar	1978
publication date	Pallepfam (English: Destiny) is a 2014 Manipuri film produced and directed by Wanglen Khundongbam.	Pallepfam	2014
publication date	India Speaks is a 1933 Pre-Code adventure film, combining elements of documentaries and travelogue programs, mostly taking place on the Indian sub-continent.	India Speaks	1933
publication date	Stranger on My Land is a 1988 made for television western film, premiered on American Broadcasting Company, directed by Larry Elikann and is also Joseph Gordon-Levitt's screen debut.	Stranger on My Land	1988
publication date	The Bomber Command War Diaries - R.A.F. An Operational Reference Book 1939-1945 by Martin Middlebrook and Chris Everitt - Viking - 1985 - ISBN 0-670-80137-2 Reprint edition Ian Allan Publishing Publishing - 2011 - ISBN 978-1857803358	The Bomber Command War Diaries	1985
publication date	Quiet Cool is a 1986 action film, directed by Clay Borris.	Quiet Cool	1986
publication date	Mid-Afternoon Barks (Chinese: 下午狗叫; pinyin: Xiàwǔ Gǒu Jiào) is a 2007 Chinese film directed by Zhang Yuedong.	Mid-Afternoon Barks	2007
publication date	All Tied Up is a 1994 comedy film comedy with the tagline ``One man, three women and a very long rope.''	All Tied Up	1994
publication date	Walt Before Mickey is an independent 2015 biographical drama film about the early years of Walt Disney.	Walt Before Mickey	2015
publication date	The Fleet That Came to Stay was a propaganda short film produced by the US Navy in 1945 about the naval engagements of the invasion of Okinawa.	The Fleet That Came to Stay	1945
publication date	Deadly Outbreak (released in certain markets as Deadly Takeover) is an action movie released by US-Israeli company Nu Image in 1996, and directed by former stuntman Rick Avery.	Deadly Outbreak	1996
publication date	Bigfoot Bonkers is a 2-player (only) arcade game released by Meadows Games in 1976.	Bigfoot Bonkers	1976
publication date	Sisila Gini Gani (English: Fire on Ice) is a 1992 Sri Lankan, Sinhala language film.	Sisila Gini Gani	1992
publication date	The Grand Substitution is a 1965 Chinese movie of the Huangmei Opera genre.	The Grand Substitution	1965
publication date	Penny Points to Paradise is a 1951 comedy feature film.	Penny Points to Paradise	1951
publication date	Bucking Broncho is an 1894 silent film from Edison Studios.	Bucking Broncho	1894
publication date	An Inconvenient Tax is a 2010 documentary film produced by Life Is My Movie Entertainment.	An Inconvenient Tax	2010
publication date	Il padrone sono me is a 1955 Italian comedy-drama film.	Il padrone sono me	1955
publication date	We Go Way Back is a 2006 American film starring Aaron Blakely, Maggie Brown, Basil Harris, Amber Hubert and Robert Wright.	We Go Way Back	2006
publication date	The Dark Side of Midnight (also known as The Creeper) is a 1984 thriller written and directed by Wes Olsen.	The Dark Side of Midnight	1984
publication date	Accused at 17 is a 2010 American television crime drama film directed by Doug Campbell and written by Ken Sanders and Christine Conradt.	Accused at 17	2010
publication date	A Handful of Soil (Turkish: Bir Avuç Toprak) is a 1957 Turkish romantic drama film directed by Osman F. Seden.	A Handful of Soil	1957
publication date	City of Rott is a 2006 animated zombie film by Frank Sudol, who performed all filmmaking duties himself.	City of Rott	2006
publication date	12 Citizens (Chinese: 十二公民) is a 2014 Chinese suspense crime drama film directed by Xu Ang.	12 Citizens	2014
publication date	Rooster's Breakfast (Slovene: Petelinji zajtrk) is a Slovenian romantic comedy released in 2007.	Rooster's Breakfast	2007
publication date	Ooops a Desi is a 2013 Hindi fast-paced drama thriller film directed by Jenner Jose.	Ooops a Desi	2013
publication date	Phool Aur Kaante (English: Flowers and Thorns) is a Hindi action romance film released in 1991.	Phool Aur Kaante	1991
publication date	The Naughty Duchess is a 1928 American silent murder mystery, written by novelist Anthony Hope Hawkins.	The Naughty Duchess	1928
publication date	Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears is a Disney animated television series that first aired in the United States from 1985 to 1991.	Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears	1985
publication date	The original Gridrunner was published for various 8-bit systems in 1982 and 1983 with Gridrunner 2 following in 1983.	Gridrunner	1982
publication date	I Love You Again is a comedy film released in 1940.	I Love You Again	1940
publication date	Pig and Bear is an experimental short film by Royce Vavrek, internationally screened throughout North America in 2008.	Pig and Bear	2008
publication date	Both Ways Open Jaws is the second album by French/Finnish indie rock duo The Dø, released on 9 March 2011 in France and in late October 2011 and mid-November 2011 worldwide.	Both Ways Open Jaws	2011
publication date	Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification was published in 2001 by the government appointed Royal Commission on Genetic Modification.	Report of the Royal Commission on Genetic Modification	2001
publication date	Kung Fu Zombie is a 1981 Hong Kong martial arts film written and directed by Hwa I Hung.	Kung Fu Zombie	1981
publication date	Eşrefpaşalılar is a 2010 Turkish comedy-drama film directed by Hüdaverdi Yavuz.	Eşrefpaşalılar	2010
publication date	Dehraadun Diary is a Hindi thriller film released in January 2013.	Dehraadun Diary	2013
publication date	Haškovy povídky ze starého mocnářství is a 1952 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	Haškovy povídky ze starého mocnářství	1952
publication date	The Millennial Bee (Slovak: Tisícročná včela, also known in English as The Bee Millennium), is a 1983 film made and produced in Czechoslovakia, West Germany and Austria.	The Millennial Bee	1983
publication date	Scouts to the Rescue (1939) is a Universal film serial.	Scouts to the Rescue	1939
publication date	Printing and the Mind of Man is a book first published in 1967 and based on an exhibition in 1963.	Printing and the Mind of Man	1967
publication date	Dinner with Friends with Brett Gelman and Friends is a 2014 American television special written by Brett Gelman and Jason Woliner for Adult Swim.	Dinner with Friends with Brett Gelman and Friends	2014
publication date	Do Diwane (Two Rogues) also known as Be Kharab Jaan, is a 1936 Hindi comedy film directed by Chimanlal Luhar based on K. M. Munshi's famous play Be Kharab Jaan.	Do Diwane	1936
publication date	To the Shores of Iwo Jima is a 1945 Kodachrome color short war film produced by the United States Navy and United States Marine Corps.	To the Shores of Iwo Jima	1945
publication date	Kuchh Meetha Ho Jaye (Hindi: कुछ मीठा हो जाए, Urdu: کُچھ میٹھا ہو جائے‎, translation: Let's Have Something Sweet) is a 2005 Romantic Bollywood film directed by Samar Khan as his debut film.	Kuchh Meetha Ho Jaye	2005
publication date	B-E-D is a 2012 South Korean film directed by Park Chul-soo, based on the short story of the same name by novelist Kwon Ji-ye.	B-E-D	2012
publication date	Band of Angels is a 1957 romantic drama film set in the American South before and during the American Civil War, based on the novel of the same name by Robert Penn Warren.	Band of Angels	1957
publication date	How to Be a Serial Killer is a 2008 American black comedy film about a young serial killer who imparts his knowledge to an eager pupil.	How to Be a Serial Killer	2008
publication date	The Lebanon I Dream Of (Arabic: لبنان اللي بحلم فيه‎ ``Lbnan yali bihlam fih'') is a 2009 film documentary produced and directed by Lebanese director Pierre Dawalibi.	The Lebanon I Dream Of	2009
publication date	Immortal Combat, also known as Resort to Kill is a 1994 action film.	Immortal Combat	1994
publication date	Si Adelita se fuera con otro (``If Adelita is Out With Another'') is a 1948 Mexican film.	Si Adelita se fuera con otro	1948
publication date	Torn from the Flag is a 2007 documentary film about the international decline of communism and the 1956 Hungarian Revolution.	Torn from the Flag	2007
publication date	The Battle of Paris (aka The Gay Lady) is a 1929 American Pre-Code musical film.	The Battle of Paris	1929
publication date	Butte, America is a 2008 documentary film about Butte, Montana's history as a copper mining town.	Butte, America	2008
publication date	Vasantha Geetha (Kannada: ವಸಂತ ಗೀತ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Dorai - Bhagwan duo.	Vasantha Geetha	1980
publication date	It's Your War Too is a 1944 short documentary film about the American Women's Army Corps and commissioned by the United States Government during World War II. It contains 1 minute of animation by the Walt Disney Studios.	It's Your War Too	1944
publication date	Flying By is a 2009 drama film directed by Jim Amatulli and starring Billy Ray Cyrus, Heather Locklear, Olesya Rulin, and Patricia Neal.	Flying By	2009
publication date	The Mummy's Curse is the 1944 horror film follow-up to The Mummy's Ghost.	The Mummy's Curse	1944
publication date	The Forgotten Village is a 1941 American documentary film--some sources call it an ethnofiction film--directed by Herbert Kline and Alexander Hammid.	The Forgotten Village	1941
publication date	Play-mate of the Apes is a 2002 American direct-to-dvd erotic film directed by John Bacchus.	Play-mate of the Apes	2002
publication date	Asha Black is a 2014 Indian thriller film and is the debut film from writer/director John Robinson.	Asha Black	2014
publication date	United Kingdom Election Results is a website and e-book written by David Boothroyd, published in 1994.	United Kingdom Election Results	1994
publication date	Kon Khon (Thai: คนโขน) is a 2011 Thai film by Sarunyu Wongkrachang.	Kon Khon	2011
publication date	Tick Tock Tuckered is a 1944 Looney Tunes cartoon.	Tick Tock Tuckered	1944
publication date	The Children Nobody Wanted is a 1981 American made-for-television film based on the true story of child advocate Tom Butterfield (1940--1982), the youngest bachelor to become a legal foster parent in the state of Missouri, and his creation of the Butterfield Ranch.	The Children Nobody Wanted	1981
publication date	Street Corner Society (originally titled Street Corner Society: The Social Structure of an Italian Slum) is an ethnography written by William Foote Whyte and published in 1943.	Street Corner Society	1943
publication date	Nettippattam is a 1991 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Kaladharanand produced by Balagopalan Thampi.	Nettippattam	1991
publication date	Border Warz is a 2004 thriller film directed by Rob Walker and released by Trinity Home Entertainment.	Border Warz	2004
publication date	Eternal Call (Russian: Вечный зов) was a Soviet 1973--1983 epic TV series by the eponymous novel of Anatoli Ivanov shot by Mosfilm.	Eternal Call	1973
publication date	Raise Your Head (Italian: Alza la testa) is a 2009 Italian drama film written and directed by Alessandro Angelini.	Raise Your Head	2009
publication date	The Invincible Piglet (Chinese: 无敌小飞猪) is 2015 Chinese live action/animated children's fantasy adventure film directed by Song Zhantao.	The Invincible Piglet	2015
publication date	Neukölln Unlimited is a 2010 German documentary.	Neukölln Unlimited	2010
publication date	The King of Punk documentary was released on DVD in 2007.	King of Punk	2007
publication date	Follow Thru is a 1930 American Pre-Code musical comedy film photographed entirely in Technicolor.	Follow Thru	1930
publication date	Doug's 1st Movie is a 1999 animated film based on the Disney version of the Nickelodeon television series Doug.	Doug's 1st Movie	1999
publication date	La otra familia (English: The Other Family) is a 2011 family drama film starring Jorge Salinas, along with Luis Roberto Guzmán, Bruno Loza, and Ana Serradilla.	La otra familia	2011
publication date	7 Hati 7 Cinta 7 Wanita (7 Hearts 7 Loves 7 Women, often abbreviated 7 Hati) is a 2011 Indonesian film.	7 Hati 7 Cinta 7 Wanita	2011
publication date	You Could Have It So Much Better is the second studio album by Glaswegian indie rock band Franz Ferdinand that was first released 3 October 2005 in the United Kingdom.	You Could Have It So Much Better	3 October 2005
publication date	Il Brigante Musolino (Italian: Musolino the Prisoner), released in the US as Outlaw Girl, is a 1950 Italian crime drama film inspired by the life of the Calabrian outlaw Giuseppe Musolino.	Il Brigante Musolino	1950
publication date	Soukhyam (English: Comfort) is a 2015 Telugu romantic comedy film produced by V. Anand Prasad on Bhavya Creations banner and directed by A.S. Ravikumar Chowdary.	Soukhyam	2015
publication date	Koochie Koochie Hota Hai was set for a 2011 release but was bumped back for a theatrical release sometime in 2012 instead.	Koochie Koochie Hota Hai	2011
publication date	Beastly Boyz is a 2006 homoerotic horror television film directed by David DeCoteau.	Beastly Boyz	2006
publication date	Live at Andy's Bar is the third DVD release by the Texas progressive rock band Fair to Midland, released in 2012.	Live at Andy's Bar	2012
publication date	No Bigger than a Minute is a 2006 documentary film about dwarfs in the media as well as filmmaker Steven Delano's own cathartic effort to deal with his dwarfism, something he ignored for almost forty years.	No Bigger than a Minute	2006
publication date	RoboDoc is a 2008 movie that is distributed by National Lampoon.	RoboDoc	2008
publication date	Ogo Bodhu Shundori (Bengali: ওগো বধূ সুন্দরী; English:Hey Beautiful Bride) is a 1981 Bengali comedy film, directed by Salil Dutta.	Ogo Bodhu Shundori	1981
publication date	Costa! is a 2001 Dutch film from BNN.	Costa!	2001
publication date	The Beautiful Country is a 2004 Vietnam-related drama film set in 1990.	The Beautiful Country	2004
publication date	Death of a Champion is a 1939 American film starring Lynne Overman, Virginia Dale, Joseph Allen, and Donald O'Connor.	Death of a Champion	1939
publication date	Confession of Murder (Hangul: 내가 살인범이다; hanja: 내가 殺人犯이다; RR: Naega Salinbeomida; lit. ``I am the Murderer'') is a 2012 South Korean action thriller film directed by Jung Byung-gil, that is starring Jung Jae-young and Park Si-hoo.	Confession of Murder	2012
publication date	The Games Machine awarded the Atari ST and Amiga versions 98% and 97% respectively and ranked Carrier Command the #1 game of 1988.	Carrier Command	1988
publication date	P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang is a British television film first shown on Channel 4 on its second night, 3 November 1982.	P'tang, Yang, Kipperbang	1982
publication date	Spindoe is a British television series which was shown on ITV in the spring of 1968.	Spindoe	1968
publication date	The Amityville Haunting is a direct to video film released on December 13, 2011.	The Amityville Haunting	2011
publication date	Kaashh is a 2012 Malayalam crime comedy film written and directed by debutant filmmakers Sujith and Sajith.	Kaashh	2012
publication date	Memron is a 2004 ``mockumentary'' film inspired by the Enron scandal.	Memron	2004
publication date	Mountain Strawberries (산딸기 - Sanddalgi) also known as Wild Strawberry is a 1982 South Korean film directed by Kim Su-hyeong.	Mountain Strawberries	1982
publication date	Bhaangarh is a 2014 horror movie directed by Dilip Sood and co-produced by Mayank Jain and Ajay Rai.	Bhaangarh	2014
publication date	Rockshow is a 1980 concert film by Paul McCartney and Wings, filmed during the band's 1976 North American tour.	Rockshow	1980
publication date	King-Size Canary is a cult classic, animated cartoon short that debuted in movie theaters in 1947.	King-Size Canary	1947
publication date	Revenge of the Virgins is a 1959 American nudie cutie film directed by Peter Perry Jr..	Revenge of the Virgins	1959
publication date	Over da Rainbow is a 2008 American musical-comedy film (20 minutes), directed/produced/edited by Jay Lap (Jared Daniel Lapidus), written by Shawn Kittelsen and starring Al Thompson, Joseph P. McDonnell, and Tyler Hollinger.	Over da Rainbow	2008
publication date	Viva Cuba is a 2005 Cuban film, directed by Juan Carlos Cremata and Iraida Malberti Cabrera, and written by Cremata and Manolito Rodriguez.	Viva Cuba	2005
publication date	The Echo of Thunder is an Australian family drama movie, released for television in 1998.	The Echo of Thunder	1998
publication date	Good Luck, Sweetheart (Portuguese: Boa sorte, meu amor) is a 2012 Brazilian drama film directed by Daniel Aragão.	Good Luck, Sweetheart	2012
publication date	Mon Jaai (Assamese: মন যায়, English: I feel like) is a 2008 Assamese language film directed by Moirangthem Maniram.	Mon Jaai	2008
publication date	Smile, Darn Ya, Smile! is a Merrie Melodies cartoon short (September 5, 1931), and also the title of the song performed in the cartoon.	Smile, Darn Ya, Smile!	1931
publication date	The Silly Age (Spanish: La Edad de la peseta) is a 2006 Cuban film directed by Pavel Giroud.	The Silly Age	2006
publication date	Ah Lev is a 2003 Khmer comedy film.	Ah Lev	2003
publication date	Erreway: 4 caminos (English: Erreway: 4 Ways) is a 2004 road movie film by the Argentine group Erreway.	Erreway: 4 caminos	2004
publication date	The Norwood Necklace is a 1911 American silent short drama film produced by the Thanhouser Company.	The Norwood Necklace	1911
publication date	Trial at Fortitude Bay is a TV film released in 1994 and directed by Victor Sarin.	Trial at Fortitude Bay	1994
publication date	Sakkarakatti (Tamil: சக்கரகட்டி; English: Sugarcube) is a 2008 Tamil romance film directed by Kalaprabhu and produced by his father, Kalaipuli S. Dhanu.	Sakkarakatti	2008
publication date	The Stoneman Murders is a 2009 Indian Suspense Thriller film based on the real life Stoneman serial killings that made headlines in the early 1980s in Bombay.	The Stoneman Murders	2009
publication date	Edna, the Inebriate Woman is a British television drama written by Jeremy Sandford which was transmitted on BBC 1 as part of the Play for Today series on 21 October 1971.	Edna, the Inebriate Woman	1971
publication date	Snowfire is a 1958 family western film written, directed and produced by Dorrell McGowan, and Stuart E. McGowan.	Snowfire	1958
publication date	Before Sunset is a 2004 American romantic drama film, the sequel to Before Sunrise (1995).	Before Sunset	2004
publication date	Malli Maduve (Kannada: ಮಲ್ಲಿ ಮದುವೆ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by G. R. Nathan.	Malli Maduve	1963
publication date	The Magic Candle is a role-playing video game designed by Ali Atabek and developed and published by Mindcraft in 1989.	The Magic Candle	1989
publication date	Innocent Until Caught is a graphical sci-fi adventure game, originally released in 1993 and published by Psygnosis.	Innocent Until Caught	1993
publication date	Fun School 4 is the fourth set of educational games, created in 1992 by Europress Software (formerly called Database Educational Software) and released on the ZX Spectrum, Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, Atari ST, Amiga, DOS and RISC OS computers.	Fun School	1992
publication date	And Soon the Darkness is a 1970 British thriller film.	And Soon the Darkness	1970
publication date	Fighter in the Wind (Korean: 바람의 파이터) is a 2004 South Korean film.	Fighter in the Wind	2004
publication date	Longing for My Native Country (Chinese: 乡情; pinyin: Xiāng Qíng) is a 1981 Chinese drama film directed by Hu Bingliu and Wang Jin.	Longing for My Native Country	1981
publication date	Hallucination Strip (originally titled Roma drogata: la polizia non può intervenire) is an Italian 1975 poliziottesco film directed by Lucio Marcaccini at his first and only film.	Hallucination Strip	1975
publication date	You're Not Built That Way is a 1936 Fleischer Studios animated short film starring Betty Boop and featuring Pudgy the Puppy.	You're Not Built That Way	1936
publication date	Connecting Rooms is a 1970 British drama film written and directed by Franklin Gollings.	Connecting Rooms	1970
publication date	No Lonely Angels is a 2002 Chinese drama film directed by Zhang Fanfan, starring Guo Tao and Li Xiaoran as two lovesick people in Beijing.	No Lonely Angels	2002
publication date	Bhoothakkannadi (Malayalam: ഭൂതക്കണ്ണാടി, Translation:Magnifying glass) is a 1997 Malayalam film directed by Lohithadas.	Bhoothakkannadi	1997
publication date	Save the Green Planet! (Korean title: 지구를 지켜라!, Jigureul Jikyeora!) is a South Korean film, written and directed by Jang Joon-hwan, released on 4 April 2003 .	Save the Green Planet!	2003
publication date	Over the Hill to the Poorhouse, also known as Over the Hill, is a 1920 American silent film about a woman who has a lot of children, and who never gets the chance to enjoy life.	Over the Hill to the Poorhouse	1920
publication date	The Story of David (1976) was a two-part, 3.2 hour American television movie dramatizing the biblical story of King David.	The Story of David	1976
publication date	Syndicate Sadists, also known as Rambo's Revenge and One Just Man (in original Italian, Il giustiziere sfida la città) is a 1975 poliziotteschi film.	Syndicate Sadists	1975
publication date	The Biggest Robbery Never Told (Spanish: El robo más grande jamás contado) is a 2002 Spanish comedy film directed by Daniel Monzón and written by Jorge Guerricaechevarría.	The Biggest Robbery Never Told	2002
publication date	Project Shadowchaser II, Night Siege and Armed And Deadly, is a 1994 science fiction film by director John Eyres.	Project Shadowchaser II	1994
publication date	Kaun Kare Insaaf is a Punjabi directed by Baljit Singh and was released on 25 September 2015.	Kaun Kare Insaaf	2015
publication date	Ab Kya Hoga is a thriller 1977 Hindi movie, produced, directed and written by Sawan Kumar Tak.	Ab Kya Hoga	1977
publication date	The Cabin is a 2011 romantic comedy film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith for the Hallmark Movie Channel.	The Cabin	2011
publication date	Mickey's Follies (1929) was the eighth short film featuring Mickey Mouse.	Mickey's Follies	1929
publication date	Seoul Train is a 2004 documentary film that deals with the dangerous journeys of North Korean defectors fleeing through or to China.	Seoul Train	2004
publication date	Clash of the Princes were two books (The Warrior's Way and The Warlock's Way) released as a box set by Puffin Books in 1986, written by Andrew Chapman and Martin Allen and illustrated by John Blanche.	Clash of the Princes	1986
publication date	Raging Phoenix (Thai: จีจ้า ดื้อ สวย ดุ; translit: Jeeja Due Suai Du) is a 2009 Thai martial arts film starring Yanin ``Jeeja'' Vismistananda, in her second film performance.	Raging Phoenix	2009
publication date	Kill the Love (Hangul: 그들만의 세상; RR: Geudeulmanui sesang) is a 1996 South Korean crime drama film.	Kill the Love	1996
publication date	After winning the Grand Jury Prize at the 2003 Slamdance Film Festival, The Snell Show went on to play many festivals across the nation, including the HBO US Comedy Arts Festival, Maryland Film Festival, AFI Film Festival, and Finger Lakes Environmental Film Festival.	The Snell Show	2003
publication date	Sevvel (Tamil: செவ்வேல்) is a 2005 Indian Tamil film, directed and produced by Primus.	Sevvel	2005
publication date	The Bush Cinderella is a 1928 New Zealand film starring Dale Austen, the second Miss New Zealand.	The Bush Cinderella	1928
publication date	Bloody Tie (Hangul: 사생결단; RR: Sasaeng gyeoldan; lit. ``A Life-or-Death Decision'') is a 2006 South Korean film.	Bloody Tie	2006
publication date	The Pop Hits is one of two ``best of'' albums by Swedish pop duo Roxette, released on 24 March 2003.	The Pop Hits	24 March 2003
publication date	Chempada (English: Red Army) is a 2008 Malayalam language thriller film written and directed by Robin Thirumala in his directorial debut.	Chempada	2008
publication date	Innan filmen tagit slut is a Magnus Uggla album, released on 2 November 2011.	Innan filmen tagit slut	2011
publication date	Shanghai Madness is a 1933 American Pre-Code drama film directed by John G. Blystone, starring Spencer Tracy, Fay Wray, Ralph Morgan, and Albert Conti, and released by Fox Film Corporation.	Shanghai Madness	1933
publication date	Captain Jenks' Dilemma is a 1912 silent comedy short film produced by the Vitagraph Company of America and distributed through the General Film Company.	Captain Jenks' Dilemma	1912
publication date	The Flor Contemplacion Story is a 1995 film produced by Viva Films about the story of the Filipina domestic helper who was hanged in Singapore for allegedly killing her fellow maid.	The Flor Contemplacion Story	1995
publication date	Benkipatna (Kannada: ಬೆಂಕಿಪಟ್ಣ) is 2015 Indian Kannada language drama film written and directed by T. K. Dayanand.	Benkipatna	2015
publication date	Baghdad Thirudan (Tamil: பாக்தாத் திருடன்; English: The Thief of Bagdad) is a 1960 Black-and-white swashbuckler Tamil film produced and directed by T. P. Sundaram.	Baghdad Thirudan	1960
publication date	Close Relations is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film starring Fatty Arbuckle.	Close Relations	1933
publication date	Killjoy Goes to Hell is a 2012 comedy and the fourth installment in the Killjoy series of movies by Full Moon.	Killjoy Goes to Hell	2012
publication date	A Girl Named Mahmoud (Arabic: بنت اسمها محمود‎; Bint Ismaha Maĥmood) is a 1975 Egyptian comedy film directed by Niasi Mustafa.	A Girl Named Mahmoud	1975
publication date	The Nostril Picker is a 1993 horror film of the slasher genre.	The Nostril Picker	1993
publication date	Meghatheertham is a 2009 Indian Malayalam film directed by U Unni.	Meghatheertham	2009
publication date	Rewind This! is a 2013 documentary film directed by Josh Johnson about the impact of VHS on the film industry and home video, as well as about collectors of videotapes.	Rewind This!	2013
publication date	Awarapan released in India on 29 June 2007 under the banner of Vishesh Films, to widespread critical acclaim.	Awarapan	29 June 2007
publication date	The Fattest Man in Britain is a comedy-drama written by Caroline Aherne and Jeff Pope, and directed by David Blair, which aired on ITV, STV & UTV on 20 December 2009.	The Fattest Man in Britain	2009
publication date	Lena 20 år is a compilation album released on 24 January 2007 from the Swedish pop singer Lena Philipsson.	Lena 20 år	24 January 2007
publication date	The Dancing Fool is a 1932 Fleischer Studios Talkartoon animated short film starring Betty Boop, Bimbo & Koko the Clown.	The Dancing Fool	1932
publication date	The Scent of Fear is an Australian live television play which aired in 1960 on ABC.	The Scent of Fear	1960
publication date	Dorothy Meets Ozma of Oz is a 1987 direct-to-video animated short film introduced by Michael Gross of Family Ties.	Dorothy Meets Ozma of Oz	1987
publication date	Hum Hai Teen Khurafaati is a 2014 Bollywood romantic-drama film directed by Sudish sharma and produced by Jaivindra Singh Bhati under the banner of Shape Entertainment.	Hum Hai Teen Khurafaati	2014
publication date	Scared Shrekless is a 21-minute Halloween television special, set shortly after the events of Shrek Forever After, that premiered on the American television network NBC on Thursday, October 28, 2010.	Scared Shrekless	2010
publication date	Blood & Orchids is a 1986 made-for-TV crime-drama film.	Blood & Orchids	1986
publication date	Sunset Limousine is a 1983 American comedy television film written by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais.	Sunset Limousine	1983
publication date	Regel nr. 1 (aka: Rule No. 1) is a Danish feature film from 2003, directed by Oliver Ussing.	Regel nr. 1	2003
publication date	Live Twenty-Five is a 2006 live album by 10,000 Maniacs, recorded to commemorate the band's 25th anniversary, and was only sold on tour.	Live Twenty-Five	2006
publication date	In Love with Barbara is a 2008 drama which was inspired by the life of the romantic novelist Barbara Cartland and tells the story of what made her the Queen of Romance.	In Love with Barbara	2008
publication date	Who's Your Servant? is a lost 1920 silent film drama produced by an independent and distributed by second tier producer Robertson-Cole Pictures.	Who's Your Servant?	1920
publication date	Dronningens vagtmester is a 1963 Danish drama film based on the novel of the same name by Carit Etlar.	Dronningens vagtmester	1963
publication date	Madam Oh is 1965 South Korean drama film directed by Bong-rae Lee.	Madam Oh	1965
publication date	Anda Naal Nyabagam is a South Indian Tamil film released in 2005.	Anda Naal Nyabagam	2005
publication date	Pardners is a movie starring the comedy team of Martin and Lewis and was released on July 25, 1956 by Paramount Pictures.	Pardners	1956
publication date	Infini had its international premiere on 11 April 2015 at the Brussels International Fantastic Film Festival.	Infini	11 April 2015
publication date	Mareyada Manikya (Kannada: ಮರೆಯದ ಮಾಣಿಕ್ಯ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film, directed by Vijay and produced by Sharada.	Mareyada Manikya	1985
publication date	Mondo Hollywood is a documentary ``mondo movie'' by Robert Carl Cohen, released in 1967.	Mondo Hollywood	1967
publication date	Hearts of the Dulcimer is a 2013 independent documentary film focusing on the Appalachian dulcimer, and particularly its role in the 1960s California counterculture, through interviews with builders and players of this musical instrument.	Hearts of the Dulcimer	2013
publication date	Life Is But a Dream is a 2013 autobiographical television film, directed and executive produced by American singer Beyoncé Knowles.	Life Is But a Dream	2013
publication date	Hush Hush Baby (original title: Shouf Shouf Habibi!) is a 2004 Dutch comedy film, written and directed by Albert ter Heerdt.	Hush Hush Baby	2004
publication date	These Final Hours is a 2013 Australian apocalyptic thriller film written and directed by Zak Hilditch.	These Final Hours	2013
publication date	The Big Timer is a Pre-Code 1932 film about a boxer whose success goes to his head.	The Big Timer	1932
publication date	Air Hawks is a 1935 American aviation-themed science-fiction film based on Ben Pivar's ``Air Fury'', an unpublished story.	Air Hawks	1935
publication date	Snowdrift at Bleath Gill is a 1955 British Transport Film documentary directed by Kenneth Fairbairn.	Snowdrift at Bleath Gill	1955
publication date	Perpetuum was first released worldwide via a digital distribution scheme on 25 Nov 2010, following a period of closed and open beta testing.	Perpetuum	25
publication date	The Intel 8008 (``eight-thousand-eight'' or ``eighty-oh-eight'') is an early byte-oriented microprocessor designed and manufactured by Intel and introduced in April 1972.	Intel 8008	1972
publication date	Lone Hero is a 2002 action film written and directed by Ken Sanzel.	Lone Hero	2002
publication date	In the Shadow of the Stars is a 1991 documentary film about the San Francisco Opera.	In the Shadow of the Stars	1991
publication date	The Image of the City (1960) is a book by Kevin Lynch.	The Image of the City	1960
publication date	Frauengefängnis (released in the US as Barbed Wire Dolls and in the UK as Caged Women) is a 1975 Swiss horror film directed by Jesus Franco.	Frauengefängnis	1975
publication date	Good Sport is a 1931 American comedy film directed by Kenneth MacKenna and written by William Hurlbut.	Good Sport	1931
publication date	``Rothschild's Violin'' was first published in Russkiye Vedomosti Number 37, in February 1894.	Rothschild's Violin	1894
publication date	Relative Strangers is a 2006 American comedy film.	Relative Strangers	2006
publication date	Iwalewa is a 2006 Nigerian film produced by Khabirat Kafidipe and her sister Aishat Kafidipe, directed by Tunde Olaoye.	Iwalewa	2006
publication date	An Awesome Wave is the debut studio album by English indie rock band alt-J (∆), released on 25 May 2012 by Infectious Records.	An Awesome Wave	25 May 2012
publication date	Blood Diner is a 1987 black comedy horror film, a loose sequel to the 1963 film Blood Feast.	Blood Diner	1987
publication date	Quarky & Quaysoo's Turbo Science is an educational computer game developed by Jeff Tunnell Productions and published by Sierra On-Line for MS-DOS in early 1992.	Quarky & Quaysoo's Turbo Science	1992
publication date	Hvězda jede na jih is a 1958 Czechoslovak-Yugoslavian comedy film directed by Oldrich Lipský.	Hvězda jede na jih	1958
publication date	Sometimes Good is a 1934 British comedy film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Henry Kendall, Nancy O'Neil and Minnie Rayner.	Sometimes Good	1934
publication date	Piagol (Hangul: 피아골) is a 1955 South Korean film directed by Lee Kang-cheon.	Piagol	1955
publication date	Vedikkettu is a 1980 Indian Malayalam film, directed by KA Sivadas and produced by Thevannur Maniraj and Santha Gopinathan Nair.	Vedikkettu	1980
publication date	The Railroad Builder is a 1911 American silent short drama film.	The Railroad Builder	1911
publication date	Shades of Ray is a 2008 independent film written and directed by Jaffar Mahmood.	Shades of Ray	2008
publication date	Joan of Paris is a 1942 war film about five Royal Air Force pilots shot down over Nazi-occupied France during World War II and their attempt to escape to England.	Joan of Paris	1942
publication date	Call Me King is a 2015 American action crime drama written, produced and directed by R.L. Scott.	Call Me King	2015
publication date	Room in Rome (Spanish: Habitación en Roma, Russian: Комната в Риме) is a 2010 Spanish erotic, comedy-drama, lesbian romance film, depicting emotional and sexual relations of two women (Alba and Natasha) throughout a single night in a hotel room in Rome.	Room in Rome	2010
publication date	Akele Hum Akele Tum (English: I'm Just Alone, So Are You) is a 1995 Indian Hindi musical drama romance film.	Akele Hum Akele Tum	1995
publication date	The Best of the Best is the third compilation album by Slovak singer-songwriter Marika Gombitová and her first featuring two compact discs, released on OPUS in 1998.	The Best of the Best	1998
publication date	Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru is a 2009 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer J. S. Nandhini.	Thiru Thiru Thuru Thuru	2009
publication date	The High Country is a 1981 American adventure film directed by Harvey Hart and starring Timothy Bottoms and Linda Purl.	The High Country	1981
publication date	Anti-Corruption is a 1975 Hong Kong film directed by Ng See Yuen and released under the Eternal Film banner.	Anti-Corruption	1975
publication date	Catch Me Daddy is a 2014 British thriller film directed by Daniel Wolfe.	Catch Me Daddy	2014
publication date	The Behavior of Organisms is B.F. Skinner's first book and was published in May 1938 as a volume of the Century Psychology Series.	The Behavior of Organisms	1938
publication date	Fida is a Bollywood romantic thriller film released in 2004.	Fida	2004
publication date	Amour et confusions is a French film which was released in 1997.	Amour et confusions	1997
publication date	Dholer Raja Khirode Natta is a 1973 Bengali documentary film directed and written by Buddhadev Dasgupta.	Dholer Raja Khirode Natta	1973
publication date	The Real Badlands is a 2009 documentary film produced by Current TV and Rockwood Pictures, by British filmmakers Tim Clark and Craig Ford.	The Real Badlands	2009
publication date	Emerald Falls (also known as The Falls) is a 2008 telemovie starring Georgie Parker, Vince Colosimo, Geoff Morrell, Catherine McClements, and in his television debut, Tom Green.	Emerald Falls	2008
publication date	Yamadonga (English: Thief Yama) is a 2007 Telugu fantasy comedy film directed by S.S. Rajamouli and produced by Urmila Gangaraju and P. Chiranjeevi.	Yamadonga	2007
publication date	From Hell to Hell (Russian: Из ада в ад, Iz ada v ad) is a 1997 Belarusian drama film directed by Dmitriy Astrakhan.	From Hell to Hell	1997
publication date	The Big Brass Ring is a 1999 drama film, starring William Hurt, Nigel Hawthorne, Irene Jacob, Jefferson Mays, and Miranda Richardson (who was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for her performance).	The Big Brass Ring	1999
publication date	Don Winslow of the Coast Guard (1943) is a Universal Pictures film serial based on the comic strip by Frank V. Martinbek.	Don Winslow of the Coast Guard	1943
publication date	What Is a Man Without a Moustache? (Croatian: Što je muškarac bez brkova?) is a 2005 Croatian romantic comedy-drama film.	What Is a Man Without a Moustache?	2005
publication date	Eastern Sounds is an album by jazz saxophonist and multi-instrumentalist Yusef Lateef, recorded in 1961.	Eastern Sounds	1961
publication date	Just a Wife is a 1910 play by Eugene Walter that was adapted to silent film in 1920.	Just a Wife	1920
publication date	Air Guitar in Oulu is a 2003 documentary film by Canadian filmmaker Kent Sobey.	Air Guitar in Oulu	2003
publication date	Pyar Ki Kahani (English: The Story of Love) is a 1971 Bollywood romantic drama film directed by Ravikant Nagaich.It is a remake of the Tamil film Kai Koduttha Dheivam starring Sivaji Ganesan and Savitri.	Pyar Ki Kahani	1971
publication date	Aan Milo Sajna is a 1970 Hindi film written by Sachin Bhowmick, produced by Jagdish Kumar and directed by Mukul Dutt.	Aan Milo Sajna	1970
publication date	Saving Lincoln is a dramatic biographical film released on February 13, 2013.	Saving Lincoln	2013
publication date	Chariton's Choir (Greek: Η χορωδία του Χαρίτωνα / I horodia tou haritona) is a 2005 Greek film directed by Grigoris Karantinakis.	Chariton's Choir	2005
publication date	The Infamous John Friend is the title of both a 1909 novel and the 1959 BBC television miniseries based on it.	The Infamous John Friend	1909
publication date	Prison-A-Go-Go! is an American film first released in October 2003 by WorldWide International Picture Studios, known for producing low budget B-movies with campy concepts.	Prison-A-Go-Go!	2003
publication date	Every Girl Should Have One is a 1978 whodunnit independent film.	Every Girl Should Have One	1978
publication date	Bevu Bella (Kannada: ಬೇವು ಬೆಲ್ಲ) is a 1963 Indian Kannada film, directed by C P Jambulingam and produced by T S Gopalakrishna.	Bevu Bella	1963
publication date	Sword Fishing is a 1939 short documentary film.	Sword Fishing	1939
publication date	Chambaili is a 2013 Pakistani Urdu-language political thriller film directed by Ismail Jilani, produced by Abdullah Kadwani and Shahzad Nawaz for Coup d'état Films and 7th Sky Films.	Chambaili	2013
publication date	Saturday Morning Mystery (originally released as Saturday Morning Massacre) is a 2012 independent horror film by Spencer Parsons that premiered at the 2012 Los Angeles Film Festival.	Saturday Morning Mystery	2012
publication date	The Dead All Have the Same Skin (French: Les morts ont tous la même peau) is a 1947 crime novel by the French writer Boris Vian.	The Dead All Have the Same Skin	1947
publication date	Gruesome School Trip (Dutch: De Griezelbus, lit. ``The Horror Bus'') is a 2005 Dutch film, based on the novel series De Griezelbus by Paul van Loon.	Gruesome School Trip	2005
publication date	Birth of a Giant (aka Naissance d'un géant for a French-language version) is a 29-minute 1957 Canadian documentary film, directed by Hugh O'Connor and produced by the National Film Board of Canada (NFB) for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (CBC) television series, Perspective.	Birth of a Giant	1957
publication date	Zakhmi Kunku is a Marathi movie released on 22 November 1995.	Zakhmi Kunku	1995
publication date	Death Game, also released as The Seducers, is a 1977 American horror film directed by Peter S. Traynor and written by Anthony Overman and Michael Ronald Ross.	Death Game	1977
publication date	To Die in Jerusalem is a 2007 HBO documentary film about the effects of a March 29, 2002, Jerusalem suicide bombing on the families of the 17-year-old Israeli victim Rachel Levy and the 18-year-old Palestinian female suicide bomber, Ayat al-Akhras.	To Die in Jerusalem	2007
publication date	Rabbit Punch is a Warner Bros. cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny, released in 1948.	Rabbit Punch	1948
publication date	Young Bess is a 1953 Technicolor biographical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer about the early life of Elizabeth I, from her turbulent childhood to the eve of her accession to the throne of England.	Young Bess	1953
publication date	Chikkamma (Kannada: ಚಿಕ್ಕಮ್ಮ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada film, directed by R. Sampath and produced by M. Chandra Kumar and B. V. Anand.	Chikkamma	1969
publication date	Akenfield is a film made by Peter Hall in 1974, based loosely upon the book Akenfield:	Akenfield	1974
publication date	Nowhere Left to Run is a 2010 short film starring English pop rock band McFly, which was shot over three days.	Nowhere Left to Run	2010
publication date	En helt ny dag is a studio album by Fernandoz, released on 13 February 2008.	En helt ny dag	13 February 2008
publication date	Willie's War is a film produced by the Children's Film Unit in 1994, directed by Colin Finbow and distributed by Channel Four Films.	Willie's War	1994
publication date	As a theatrical release, The Seventh Brother began in theaters on 21 June 1991, in Germany on 7 September 1995, and in Hungary on 4 April 1996.	The Seventh Brother	1995
publication date	Dark Streets of Cairo is a 1940 American mystery film directed by László Kardos and starring Sigrid Gurie, Ralph Byrd, Eddie Quillan, George Zucco and Katherine DeMille.	Dark Streets of Cairo	1940
publication date	Graham Gooch's All Star Cricket is a 1987 cricket game released for the Commodore 64 and Commodore 128 systems.	Graham Gooch's All Star Cricket	1987
publication date	An acting edition of Topless in Sydney was published by as an eBook in 2014.	Topless in Sydney	2014
publication date	Little Accidents is an 2014 American drama film directed and written by Sara Colangelo, based on her own 2010 award-winning short film of same name.	Little Accidents	2014
publication date	Jab Jab Phool Khile (Hindi: जब जब फूल खिले; Urdu: جب جب پھول کھلے‎; Translated: 'Whenever the flowers bloomed') is a 1965 Indian Hindi movie.	Jab Jab Phool Khile	1965
publication date	Il romanzo della mia vita is a 1952 Italian biographical drama film.	Il romanzo della mia vita	1952
publication date	On 4 April 2013, The Wiggles announced the addition of Wiggledance! to their Wiggle Time TV service.	Wiggledance!	4 April 2013
publication date	The Family Nobody Wanted is a 1954 memoir by Helen Doss (née Grigsby).	The Family Nobody Wanted	1954
record label	Mary Wells Sings My Guy is the fourth studio album and fifth overall album released by Motown vocalist Mary Wells.	Mary Wells Sings My Guy	Motown
record label	Fabulous Muscles is the third album by Xiu Xiu, released on February 17, 2004 on 5 Rue Christine.	Fabulous Muscles	5 Rue Christine
screenwriter	Song at Midnight (simplified Chinese: 夜半歌声; traditional Chinese: 夜半歌聲; pinyin: Yè bàn gē shēng) (also known as Singing at Midnight or literally Voice of Midnight) is a 1937 film directed by Ma-Xu Weibang.	Song at Midnight	Ma-Xu Weibang
screenwriter	Eye in the Labyrinth (Italian: L'occhio nel labirinto) is a 1972 Italian horror film directed by Mario Caiano and starring Rosemary Dexter.	Eye in the Labyrinth	Mario Caiano
screenwriter	The Frighteners is a 1996 New Zealand-American horror comedy film directed by Peter Jackson and co-written with his wife, Fran Walsh.	The Frighteners	Peter Jackson	Fran Walsh
screenwriter	Samson Against the Sheik (Italian: Maciste contro lo sceicco, also known as Maciste Against the Sheik) is a 1962 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Samson Against the Sheik	Domenico Paolella
screenwriter	``Couples Discount'' was written by co-executive producer Allison Silverman, marking her second writing credit for the season after ``Roy's Wedding''.	Couples Discount	Allison Silverman
screenwriter	Betty to the Rescue is a 1917 American comedy silent film directed by Frank Reicher and written by Beatrice DeMille and Leighton Osmun.	Betty to the Rescue	Beatrice DeMille
screenwriter	Carthage in Flames (Italian: Cartagine in fiamme) is a 1960 Italian historical drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Pierre Brasseur, José Suárez, Daniel Gélin and Anne Heywood.	Carthage in Flames	Carmine Gallone
screenwriter	Il commissario Lo Gatto is a 1987 Italian comedy film directed by Dino Risi.	Il commissario Lo Gatto	Dino Risi
screenwriter	An Independent Life (Russian: Самостоятельная жизнь, translit. Samostoyatelnaya zhizn) is a 1992 Russian film directed by Vitali Kanevsky.	An Independent Life	Vitali Kanevsky
screenwriter	My Sweet Pepper Land is a 2013 French-German co-production drama film directed by Huner Saleem.	My Sweet Pepper Land	Huner Saleem
screenwriter	The Woman on the Beach is a 1947 film noir directed by Jean Renoir, released by RKO Radio Pictures, and starring Joan Bennett, Robert Ryan and Charles Bickford.	The Woman on the Beach	Jean Renoir
screenwriter	The Feather Fairy (Slovak: Perinbaba) is a 1985 adaptation of a Brothers Grimm's Mother Hulda short story directed by Slovak director Juraj Jakubisko.	The Feather Fairy	Brothers Grimm	Juraj Jakubisko
screenwriter	Mister Lonely is a 2007 British-French-Irish-American comedy-drama film directed by Harmony Korine and co-written with his brother Avi Korine.	Mister Lonely	Harmony Korine
screenwriter	Robbing Cleopatra's Tomb (French: Cléopâtre, literally Cleopatra) was an 1899 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	Robbing Cleopatra's Tomb	Georges Méliès
screenwriter	Viimne reliikvia (Estonian for The last relic) is a 1969 Estonian film adaptation of Vürst Gabriel ehk Pirita kloostri viimsed päevad (Estonian for Prince Gabriel or The last days of Pirita monastery), a historical novel by Eduard Bornhöhe.	Viimne reliikvia	Eduard Bornhöhe
screenwriter	Chinese in Paris (French: Les Chinois à Paris) is a 1974 French comedy film directed by Jean Yanne.	Chinese in Paris	Jean Yanne
screenwriter	Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter is a 1994 American documentary film directed by Deborah Hoffmann, with her wife, Frances Reid, as cinematographer.	Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter	Deborah Hoffmann
screenwriter	The Mafia Triangle (Italian: Napoli, Palermo, New York: Il triangolo della camorra) is a 1981 Italian ``poliziottesco'' film written and directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Mario Merola.	The Mafia Triangle	Alfonso Brescia
screenwriter	Behind the Stockade is a 1911 short film drama co-directed by Thomas H. Ince and George Loane Tucker.	Behind the Stockade	George Loane Tucker
screenwriter	House of Games is David Mamet's 1987 directorial debut.	House of Games	David Mamet
screenwriter	Mirch Masala (Spices in English) is a 1987 Hindi film directed by Ketan Mehta.	Mirch Masala	Ketan Mehta
screenwriter	Feed the Kitty is a Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese, in which bulldog Marc Antony (referred to as Marc Anthony in this cartoon) adopts a small cat, Pussyfoot (not officially named in this cartoon), and tries to hide it from his owner.	Feed the Kitty	Michael Maltese
screenwriter	The Root of All Evil?, later retitled The God Delusion, is a television documentary written and presented by Richard Dawkins in which he argues that humanity would be better off without religion or belief in God.	The Root of All Evil?	Richard Dawkins
screenwriter	Il vedovo allegro is a 1950 Italian romance film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Carlo Dapporto.	Il vedovo allegro	Mario Mattoli
screenwriter	The Search for John Gissing is an award winning comedy film written and directed by Mike Binder, produced by Jack Binder, and starring Alan Rickman, Janeane Garofalo, and Mike Binder.	The Search for John Gissing	Mike Binder
screenwriter	Wounded Game (Russian: Подранки, translit. Podranki) is a 1977 Soviet drama film directed by Nikolai Gubenko.	Wounded Game	Nikolai Gubenko
screenwriter	The Crimson Kimono is a 1959 film noir directed by Samuel Fuller.	The Crimson Kimono	Samuel Fuller
screenwriter	A Feud in the Kentucky Hills is a 1912 American silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith.	A Feud in the Kentucky Hills	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	O Xangô de Baker Street (English title: A Samba for Sherlock) is 2001 Brazilian-Portuguese film directed by Miguel Faria, Jr., based on the novel of the same by Jô Soares.	A Samba for Sherlock	Jô Soares
screenwriter	Sbirro, la tua legge è lenta... la mia no! (internationally released as Hunted City) is a 1979 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Stelvio Massi.	Hunted City	Stelvio Massi
screenwriter	I magliari (internationally released as The Magliari) is a 1959 Italian comedy drama film directed by Francesco Rosi.	The Magliari	Francesco Rosi
screenwriter	Fifty Dead Men Walking is a 2008 English-language crime thriller film written and directed by Kari Skogland.	Fifty Dead Men Walking	Kari Skogland
screenwriter	The Last Days of Disco is a 1998 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Whit Stillman and loosely based on his travels and experiences in various nightclubs in Manhattan, including Studio 54.	The Last Days of Disco	Whit Stillman
screenwriter	The Icicle Thief (Italian: Ladri di saponette) is a 1989 Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Nichetti, titled in imitation of Vittorio De Sica's classic Italian neorealist film The Bicycle Thief (Italian: Ladri di biciclette).	The Icicle Thief	Maurizio Nichetti
screenwriter	A Tale of Winter (French: Conte d'hiver) is a 1992 French drama film directed by Éric Rohmer, and starring Charlotte Véry, Frédéric van den Driessche and Michael Voletti.	A Tale of Winter	Éric Rohmer
screenwriter	Sons of Ingmar (Swedish: Ingmarssönerna) is a 1919 Swedish drama film directed by Victor Sjöström.	Sons of Ingmar	Victor Sjöström
screenwriter	Joy of Learning (French: Le Gai savoir) is a 1969 film by Jean-Luc Godard.	Joy of Learning	Jean-Luc Godard
screenwriter	Will Penny is a 1968 western film written and directed by Tom Gries starring Charlton Heston, Joan Hackett and Donald Pleasence.	Will Penny	Tom Gries
screenwriter	The Birds, the Bees and the Italians is a 1966 Italian film directed by Pietro Germi.	The Birds, the Bees and the Italians	Pietro Germi
screenwriter	Commandos Strike at Dawn is a 1942 war film directed by John Farrow and written by Irwin Shaw from a story by C.S. Forester, starring Paul Muni, Anna Lee, Lillian Gish, Cedric Hardwicke and Robert Coote.	Commandos Strike at Dawn	Irwin Shaw
screenwriter	Kapò (Italian pronunciation: (kaˈpɔ)) is a 1960 Italian film about the Holocaust directed by Gillo Pontecorvo.	Kapò	Gillo Pontecorvo
screenwriter	Tales of Ordinary Madness (it: Storie di ordinaria follia) (fr: Contes de la folie ordinaire) is a 1981 film by Italian director Marco Ferreri.	Tales of Ordinary Madness	Marco Ferreri
screenwriter	Simple Men is a 1992 American film written and directed by Hal Hartley, starring Robert John Burke, Bill Sage, Karen Sillas and Martin Donovan.	Simple Men	Hal Hartley
screenwriter	Verso Sud (internationally known as Way South and Going South) is a 1992 Italian drama film directed by Pasquale Pozzessere.	Verso Sud	Pasquale Pozzessere
screenwriter	Jewel Thief is a 1967 spy thriller Hindi film directed by Vijay Anand.	Jewel Thief	Vijay Anand
screenwriter	I cento passi (English: One Hundred Steps or The Hundred Steps) is an Italian film released in 2000, directed by Marco Tullio Giordana about the life of Peppino Impastato, a political activist who opposed the Mafia in Sicily.	One Hundred Steps	Marco Tullio Giordana
screenwriter	Blade on the Feather is a television drama by Dennis Potter, broadcast by ITV on 19 October 1980 as the first in a loosely connected trilogy of plays exploring language and betrayal.	Blade on the Feather	Dennis Potter
screenwriter	Gridlock'd is a 1997 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Vondie Curtis-Hall and starring Tupac Shakur, Tim Roth, Lucy Liu, and Thandie Newton.	Gridlock'd	Vondie Curtis-Hall
screenwriter	Two Solutions for One Problem (Persian: دو راه حل برای يک مسئله ‎, Dow Rahehal Baraye yek Massaleh) is a 1975 Iranian short film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	Two Solutions for One Problem	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Mulholland Falls is a 1996 American neo-noir crime thriller film directed by Lee Tamahori and written by Pete Dexter.	Mulholland Falls	Pete Dexter
screenwriter	A Room for Romeo Brass is a 1999 British comedy drama film directed and written by Shane Meadows.	A Room for Romeo Brass	Shane Meadows
screenwriter	Sachs' Disease (original title: La Maladie de Sachs) is a 1999 French drama film directed by Michel Deville from a novel by Martin Winckler.	Sachs' Disease	Michel Deville
screenwriter	Magic Hunter (Hungarian: Büvös vadász, French: Freischütz) is a 1994 Hungarian-Swiss-French fantasy film written and directed by Ildikó Enyedi and loosely inspired to the opera Der Freischütz.	Magic Hunter	Ildikó Enyedi
screenwriter	Inspector Blunder (French: Inspecteur la Bavure) is a 1980 French comedy film directed by Claude Zidi.	Inspector Blunder	Claude Zidi
screenwriter	Regret to Inform is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Barbara Sonneborn.	Regret to Inform	Barbara Sonneborn
screenwriter	The Hatter's Ghost (French: ``Les fantômes du chapelier'') is a 1982 film directed by Claude Chabrol.	The Hatter's Ghost	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Human Wreckage is a 1923 American independent silent drama film that starred Dorothy Davenport.	Human Wreckage	Dorothy Davenport
screenwriter	Holy Lola is a 2004 French drama film that is directed by Bertrand Tavernier.	Holy Lola	Bertrand Tavernier
screenwriter	Jore is a 2004 Indian Tamil film, directed by Selva, starring Sathyaraj and his son Sibiraj in lead roles.	Jore	Selva
screenwriter	First Case, Second Case (Persian: .قضیه شکل اول... شکل دوم, Qazieh shekl-e avval... shekl-e dovvom.‎) is a 1979 Iranian film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	First Case, Second Case	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Frozen Land (Finnish: Paha maa) is a 2005 Finnish drama film directed and written by Aku Louhimies starring Jasper Pääkkönen, Mikko Leppilampi and Pamela Tola.	Frozen Land	Aku Louhimies
screenwriter	Gramps Is in the Resistance or Papy fait de la résistance is a cult French film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré in 1983.	Gramps Is in the Resistance	Jean-Marie Poiré
screenwriter	The Official Story (Spanish: La historia oficial) is a 1985 Argentine drama historical film directed by Luis Puenzo and written by Puenzo and Aída Bortnik.	The Official Story	Luis Puenzo	Aída Bortnik
screenwriter	Hotel Fear (Italian: Pensione paura, Spanish: La violaciòn de la señorita Julia) is a 1977 Italian-Spanish giallo film directed by Francesco Barilli.	Hotel Fear	Francesco Barilli
screenwriter	The Clearing is a 2004 American drama film and the directorial debut of Pieter Jan Brugge, who has worked as a film producer.	The Clearing	Pieter Jan Brugge
screenwriter	Sissignore, internationally released as Dismissed on His Wedding Night and Yes Sir, is a 1968 Italian comedy film written, directed and starred by Ugo Tognazzi.	Sissignore	Ugo Tognazzi
screenwriter	Off to the Revolution by a 2CV (Italian: Alla rivoluzione sulla due cavalli) is a 2001 Italian comedy film directed by Maurizio Sciarra.	Off to the Revolution by a 2CV	Maurizio Sciarra
screenwriter	Operación Ogro is a 1979 Spanish and Italian drama film written and directed by Gillo Pontecorvo.	Ogro	Gillo Pontecorvo
screenwriter	Then She Found Me is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Helen Hunt.	Then She Found Me	Helen Hunt
screenwriter	Voices from Beyond (Voci dal Profondo) is a 1991 Italian mystery thriller film by director Lucio Fulci.	Voices from Beyond	Lucio Fulci
screenwriter	The Way, Way Back is a 2013 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash in their directorial debut.	The Way, Way Back	Nat Faxon	Jim Rash
screenwriter	Last Days of Mussolini (Italian:Mussolini: Ultimo atto) is a 1975 Italian drama film directed by Carlo Lizzani and starring Rod Steiger, Franco Nero and Lisa Gastoni.	Last Days of Mussolini	Carlo Lizzani
screenwriter	Withnail and I is a 1987 British black comedy film written and directed by Bruce Robinson.	Withnail and I	Bruce Robinson
screenwriter	Love Returns (Italian: L'amore ritorna) is a 2004 Italian comedy-drama film directed by Sergio Rubini.	Love Returns	Sergio Rubini
screenwriter	Roads of Kiarostami is a 2005 Iranian documentary film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	Roads of Kiarostami	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Blues Brothers 2000 is a 1998 American musical comedy film that is a sequel to 1980's The Blues Brothers, written and produced by John Landis and Dan Aykroyd.	Blues Brothers 2000	John Landis	Dan Aykroyd
screenwriter	Eagles Over London (Italian: La battaglia d'Inghilterra), is a 1969 ``macaroni combat'' war film directed by Enzo G. Castellari.	Eagles Over London	Enzo G. Castellari
screenwriter	Dangerous Clues (German: Auf gefährlichen Spuren) is a 1924 German silent crime film directed by Harry Piel and starring Piel, Henrik Galeen and Dary Holm.	Dangerous Clues	Henrik Galeen
screenwriter	Seductio is a 1987 art house film written, produced, and directed by Bashar Shbib.	Seductio	Bashar Shbib
screenwriter	Jennifer 8 is a 1992 American mystery film written and directed by Bruce Robinson and starring Andy García, Uma Thurman, and John Malkovich.	Jennifer 8	Bruce Robinson
screenwriter	Things Change is a 1988 comedy and drama film directed by David Mamet.	Things Change	David Mamet
screenwriter	It's Only the End of the World (French: Juste la fin du monde) is an upcoming Canadian-French drama film written and directed by Xavier Dolan.	It's Only the End of the World	Xavier Dolan
screenwriter	Il giustiziere di mezzogiorno (Italian for The Noonday Executioner) is a 1975 Italian comedy film written and directed by Mario Amendola.	Il giustiziere di mezzogiorno	Mario Amendola
screenwriter	Shattered Soul (Turkish title: Beyza'nın Kadınları which means ``Beyza's Women'') is a 2006 Turkish crime-thriller film starring Demet Evgar, Tamer Karadağlı and Levent Üzümcü, and directed by Mustafa Altıoklar.	Shattered Soul	Mustafa Altıoklar
screenwriter	Premium Rush is a 2012 American action-thriller film directed by David Koepp and written by Koepp and John Kamps.	Premium Rush	David Koepp
screenwriter	Two Men of the Desert (also known as Two Men on the Desert and Two Men in a Desert) was a 1913 American silent Western short film written and directed by D. W. Griffith.	Two Men of the Desert	D. W. Griffith
screenwriter	Cloven Hoofed is a 1998 film directed by the German-American film director Dietmar Post.	Cloven Hoofed	Dietmar Post
screenwriter	Nadodi Thendral was a 1992 Tamil language film directed by Bharathiraja and written by Sujatha Rangarajan.	Nadodi Thendral	Sujatha Rangarajan
screenwriter	Il dio serpente (The snake god) is a 1970 Italian erotic fantasy film directed by Piero Vivarelli and featuring Italian-based American actress Nadia Cassini in her first lead role.	Il dio serpente	Piero Vivarelli
screenwriter	Female Trouble is a 1974 dark comedy film co-composed, filmed, co-edited, written, produced, and directed by John Waters starring Divine, David Lochary, Mary Vivian Pearce, Mink Stole, Edith Massey, Michael Potter, Cookie Mueller, and Susan Walsh.	Female Trouble	John Waters
screenwriter	Last Life in the Universe (Thai title: เรื่องรัก น้อยนิด มหาศาล, Ruang rak noi nid mahasan) is a 2003 Thai film directed by Pen-Ek Ratanaruang.	Last Life in the Universe	Pen-Ek Ratanaruang
screenwriter	Doctor Bull is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by John Ford, based on the James Gould Cozzens novel The Last Adam.	Doctor Bull	James Gould Cozzens
screenwriter	Paz! is a 2002 Italian comedy film written and directed by Renato De Maria.	Paz!	Renato De Maria
screenwriter	Wolves Hunt at Night (French: Les Loups chassent la nuit), is a French comedy film from 1952, directed by Bernard Borderie, written by Bernard Borderie, starring Jean-Pierre Aumont and Louis de Funès.	Wolves Hunt at Night	Bernard Borderie
screenwriter	Just Before Nightfall (French: ''Juste avant la nuit'') is a 1971 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol, based on the novel of the same name by Edward Atiyah.	Just Before Nightfall	Claude Chabrol
screenwriter	Life Is a Miracle (Serbian: Život je čudo; Serbian Cyrillic: Живот је чудо) is a Serbian drama film directed by Emir Kusturica in 2004.	Life Is a Miracle	Emir Kusturica
screenwriter	Life Somewhere Else (Portuguese: Socorro Nobre) is a 1995 short documentary film directed by Walter Salles.	Life Somewhere Else	Walter Salles
screenwriter	Varavelpu (English: Welcome) is a 1989 Malayalam black comedy film directed by Sathyan Anthikkad and written by Sreenivasan, starring Mohanlal, Revathi, Sreenivasan, Thilakan, Murali, Innocent, and Jagadish.	Varavelpu	Sreenivasan
screenwriter	Brazil Year 2000 (Portuguese: Brasil Ano 2000) is a 1969 Brazilian drama film directed by Walter Lima, Jr.	Brazil Year 2000	Walter Lima, Jr.
screenwriter	The Big Lebowski is a 1998 American neo-noir stoner comedy crime film, written, produced, and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen.	The Big Lebowski	Ethan Coen
screenwriter	Canary Row is a 1949 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies short, released in 1950 and directed by Friz Freleng, written by Tedd Pierce, and starring Tweety Bird and Sylvester.	Canary Row	Tedd Pierce
screenwriter	Questo pazzo, pazzo mondo della canzone is a 1965 Italian musicarello film written and directed by Bruno Corbucci and Giovanni Grimaldi.	Questo pazzo, pazzo mondo della canzone	Bruno Corbucci	Giovanni Grimaldi
screenwriter	Scugnizzi is a 1989 Italian musical drama, directed by Nanni Loy.	Scugnizzi	Nanni Loy
screenwriter	Notes of Love (Italian: La parola amore esiste, French: Mots d'amour, also known as The Word Love Exists and Love Notes) is a 1998 Italian-French romance film directed by Mimmo Calopresti.	Notes of Love	Mimmo Calopresti
screenwriter	Thirumathi Oru Vegumathi (Tamil: திருமதி ஒரு வெகுமதி) is a 1987 Indian Tamil film, directed by Visu and produced by Rajam Balachandar.	Thirumathi Oru Vegumathi	Visu
screenwriter	La bonne année (also known in the U.S. as Happy New Year) is a 1973 film directed by Claude Lelouch.	La bonne année	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	La disubbidienza (Disobedience) is a 1981 Italian drama film directed by Aldo Lado.	La disubbidienza	Aldo Lado
screenwriter	Un giorno nella vita (``A Day in Life'') is a 1946 Italian war film directed by Alessandro Blasetti.	Un giorno nella vita	Alessandro Blasetti
screenwriter	The Pipes (Czech: Dýmky) is a 1966 Czechoslovak film directed by Vojtěch Jasný.	The Pipes	Vojtěch Jasný
screenwriter	He Was Called Holy Ghost (Italian: ...e lo chiamarono Spirito Santo) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western-comedy film written and directed by Roberto Mauri and starring Vassili Karis.	He Was Called Holy Ghost	Roberto Mauri
screenwriter	How I Discovered America (Italian: Come scopersi l'America) is a 1949 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Borghesio and starring Erminio Macario.	How I Discovered America	Carlo Borghesio
screenwriter	Beloved/Friend (Catalan: Amic/Amat) is a 1999 film directed by Ventura Pons based on a book by Josep Maria Benet i Jornet, Testament.	Beloved/Friend	Ventura Pons	Josep Maria Benet i Jornet
screenwriter	Innocence and Desire (Italian: Innocenza e turbamento) is a 1974 Italian commedia sexy all'italiana film directed by Massimo Dallamano.	Innocence and Desire	Massimo Dallamano
screenwriter	Chithirayil Nilachoru is a 2013 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by R. Sundarrajan and produced by Murugesan.	Chithirayil Nilachoru	R. Sundarrajan
screenwriter	Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American neo-noir mystery film directed by Ben Affleck (in his feature-length directorial debut) and starring his brother Casey Affleck.	Gone Baby Gone	Ben Affleck
screenwriter	Ceddo (pronounced (ˈtʃɛd.do)), also known as The Outsiders, is a 1977 Senegalese film directed by Ousmane Sembène.	Ceddo	Ousmane Sembène
screenwriter	Bustenskjold is a 1958 Norwegian comedy film directed by Helge Lunde, starring Leif Juster.	Bustenskjold	Helge Lunde
screenwriter	Fantozzi subisce ancora (``Fantozzi Succumbs Again'') is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti.	Fantozzi subisce ancora	Neri Parenti
screenwriter	La più bella serata della mia vita (internationally released as The Most Wonderful Evening of My Life and The Most Exciting Evening in My Life) is a 1972 Italian comedy drama film directed by Ettore Scola.	The Most Wonderful Evening of My Life	Ettore Scola
screenwriter	Bullet Ballet (バレット・バレエ) is a Japanese film directed by and starring Shinya Tsukamoto, and co-starring Hisashi Igawa, Sujin Kim, Kirina Mano, Takahiro Murase, Tatsuya Nakamura and Kyoka Suzuki.	Bullet Ballet	Shinya Tsukamoto
screenwriter	Bang Bang Orangutang is a 2005 Swedish film directed by Danish director Simon Staho starring Mikael Persbrandt, Tuva Novotny, Lena Olin, Fares Fares, Jonas Karlsson, Reine Brynolfsson and many other popular Swedish actors.	Bang Bang Orangutang	Simon Staho
screenwriter	King of the Ants is a 2003 American revenge film directed by Stuart Gordon, written by Charlie Higson, and starring Chris McKenna.	King of the Ants	Charlie Higson
screenwriter	Bye Bye Brazil (Portuguese: Bye Bye Brasil) is a 1979 Brazilian-French-Argentine film, directed by Carlos Diegues.	Bye Bye Brazil	Carlos Diegues
screenwriter	Kid Speed is a 1924 silent comedy film directed by Larry Semon and featuring Oliver Hardy.	Kid Speed	Larry Semon
screenwriter	The House Is Black (Persian: خانه سیاه است, Kẖạneh sy̰ạh ạst‎) is an acclaimed Iranian documentary short film directed by Forough Farrokhzad.	The House Is Black	Forough Farrokhzad
screenwriter	Love and Anarchy (Italian: Film d'amore e d'anarchia, ovvero: stamattina alle 10, in via dei Fiori, nella nota casa di tolleranza...) is a 1973 film directed by Lina Wertmüller and starring Giancarlo Giannini and Mariangela Melato.	Love and Anarchy	Lina Wertmüller
screenwriter	Bob le flambeur (``Bob the Gambler'' or ``Bob the High Roller'') is a 1956 French gangster film directed by Jean-Pierre Melville.	Bob le flambeur	Jean-Pierre Melville
screenwriter	Meet Wally Sparks is a 1997 American comedy film directed by Peter Baldwin, written by Harry Basil and Rodney Dangerfield in the title role.	Meet Wally Sparks	Rodney Dangerfield
screenwriter	``Roy's Wedding'' was written by co-executive producer Allison Silverman, marking her second writing credit after joining the series the previous season and writing the episode, ``Pam's Replacement''.	Roy's Wedding	Allison Silverman
screenwriter	Panic Room is a 2002 American thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by David Koepp.	Panic Room	David Koepp
screenwriter	Red Like the Sky (Italian: Rosso come il cielo) is a 2005 Italian coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Cristiano Bortone and starring Luca Capriotti and Paolo Sassanelli.	Red Like the Sky	Cristiano Bortone	Paolo Sassanelli
screenwriter	Little Teachers (Italian: I piccoli maestri) is a 1998 Italian war drama film written and directed by Daniele Luchetti.	Little Teachers	Daniele Luchetti
screenwriter	Top Five is a 2014 American comedy film written and directed by Chris Rock.	Top Five	Chris Rock
screenwriter	Kunku (Marathi title) is a 1937 Marathi classic social drama film directed by V. Shantaram, and based on the novel, Na Patnari Goshta by Narayan Hari Apte, who also wrote film's screenplay.	Kunku	Narayan Hari Apte
screenwriter	The World of Apu (Bengali: Apur Sansar) is a Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray.	The World of Apu	Satyajit Ray
screenwriter	Lawful Larceny is a 1930 American melodramatic film, directed by Lowell Sherman from Jane Murfin's screenplay.	Lawful Larceny	Jane Murfin
screenwriter	There Was a Father is a 1942 Japanese film directed by Yasujirō Ozu.	There Was a Father	Yasujirō Ozu
screenwriter	Another Earth is a 2011 American independent science fiction-drama film directed by Mike Cahill.	Another Earth	Mike Cahill
screenwriter	City of Pirates (French: La Ville des pirates) is a 1983 French fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	City of Pirates	Raúl Ruiz
screenwriter	Forbidden to Forbid (Portuguese: Proibido Proibir; Spanish: Prohibido Prohibir; also known as É Proibido Proibir) is a 2006 Brazilian-Chilean-Spanish drama film directed by Jorge Durán.	Forbidden to Forbid	Jorge Durán
screenwriter	L'udienza is a 1972 Italian-French drama film directed by Marco Ferreri.	L'udienza	Marco Ferreri
screenwriter	In This Our Life is a 1942 American drama film, the second to be directed by John Huston.	In This Our Life	John Huston
screenwriter	Frontier(s) (French: Frontière(s)) is a 2007 French horror film written and directed by Xavier Gens and stars Estelle Lefébure, Samuel Le Bihan and Aurélien Wiik.	Frontier(s)	Xavier Gens
screenwriter	Quatermass 2 (US title: Enemy From Space) is a 1957 black-and-white British science fiction horror film from Hammer Film Productions, produced by Anthony Hinds, directed by Val Guest, and starring Brian Donlevy, John Longden, Sid James, Bryan Forbes, William Franklyn, and Vera Day.	Quatermass 2	Val Guest
screenwriter	There Were Days... and Moons (French: Il y a des jours... et des lunes) is a 1990 film directed by Claude Lelouch.	There Were Days... and Moons	Claude Lelouch
screenwriter	The Secret Ways is a 1961 American thriller film based on Alistair MacLean's novel The Last Frontier.	The Secret Ways	Alistair MacLean
screenwriter	The Spectacular Now is a 2013 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by James Ponsoldt, written by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber and starring Miles Teller and Shailene Woodley.	The Spectacular Now	Scott Neustadter
screenwriter	I, Don Giovanni is a 2009 Spanish / Italian / Austrian drama film directed by Carlos Saura.	I, Don Giovanni	Carlos Saura
screenwriter	A Wedding Suit (Persian: لباسی برای عروسی‎, Lebāsī Barā-ye Arūsī) is a 1976 Iranian comedy film directed by Abbas Kiarostami.	A Wedding Suit	Abbas Kiarostami
screenwriter	Double Face (Italian: A doppia faccia, German: Das Gesicht im Dunkeln) is a 1969 Italian thriller film directed by Riccardo Freda and starring Klaus Kinski.	Double Face	Riccardo Freda
screenwriter	Half Baked is a 1998 American stoner comedy film starring Dave Chappelle, Jim Breuer, Harland Williams and Guillermo Díaz.	Half Baked	Dave Chappelle
screenwriter	Blackboards (Persian: تخته سیاه‎, Takhté siah) is a 2000 Iranian film directed by Samira Makhmalbaf.	Blackboards	Samira Makhmalbaf
screenwriter	Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson is a 1976 revisionist Western directed by Robert Altman and based on the play Indians by Arthur Kopit.	Buffalo Bill and the Indians, or Sitting Bull's History Lesson	Robert Altman
screenwriter	Kolah Ghermezi and Pesar Khaleh (in Persian: کلاه‌قرمزی و پسرخاله) is a 1995 Iranian film directed by Iraj Tahmasb.	Kolah Ghermezi and Pesar Khaleh	Iraj Tahmasb
screenwriter	I Am Curious (Yellow) (Swedish: Jag är nyfiken -- en film i gult, meaning ``I Am Curious: A Film in Yellow'') is a 1967 Swedish drama film written and directed by Vilgot Sjöman, starring Sjöman and Lena Nyman.	I Am Curious (Yellow)	Vilgot Sjöman
screenwriter	Terror Firmer is a 1999 American comedy horror film directed by Lloyd Kaufman, written by Douglas Buck, Patrick Cassidy, Kaufman, and James Gunn, and starring Will Keenan, Alyce LaTourelle, and Kaufman.	Terror Firmer	Lloyd Kaufman
screenwriter	Intolerable Cruelty is a 2003 American romantic comedy film directed and co-written by Joel and Ethan Coen, and produced by Brian Grazer and the Coens.	Intolerable Cruelty	Ethan Coen
screenwriter	Django spara per primo (internationally released as Django Shoots First, Bronco, and He Who Shoots First) is a 1966 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Alberto De Martino.	Django Shoots First	Alberto De Martino
screenwriter	2LDK is a 2003 Japanese film, directed by Yukihiko Tsutsumi as part of the Duel Project, starring Maho Nonami and Eiko Koike.	2LDK	Yukihiko Tsutsumi
screenwriter	The Naked Street is a 1955 American crime film noir directed by Maxwell Shane.	The Naked Street	Maxwell Shane
screenwriter	What Price Beauty? is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Tom Buckingham and starring Nita Naldi, Natacha Rambova and Pierre Gendron.	What Price Beauty?	Natacha Rambova
screenwriter	Renaldo and Clara is a 1978 American film directed by Bob Dylan and starring Bob Dylan, Sara Dylan, and Joan Baez.	Renaldo and Clara	Bob Dylan
screenwriter	Parisette is a 1921 French drama film serial directed by Louis Feuillade.	Parisette	Louis Feuillade
series	``A New Day in the Old Town'' is the season premiere and first episode of the second season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe, and the 21st episode overall.	A New Day in the Old Town	Fringe
series	``The Shower Head'' is the 126th episode of NBC sitcom Seinfeld.	The Shower Head	Seinfeld
series	I'm Just Wild About Jerry is a 1965 Tom and Jerry cartoon, directed and produced by Chuck Jones.	I'm Just Wild About Jerry	Tom and Jerry
series	The Frogs and the Lobsters (a.k.a. The Wrong War) is an episode of the television program Hornblower.	The Frogs and the Lobsters	Hornblower
series	``The 30% Iron Chef'' is the 22nd episode in season three of Futurama.	The 30% Iron Chef	Futurama
series	Put That Light Out! is the seventh episode of the fourth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 6 November 1970.	Put That Light Out!	Dad's Army
series	``Upper West Side Story'' is the 12th episode of the third season of the American comedy-drama television series White Collar, and the 42nd episode overall.	Upper West Side Story	White Collar
series	Oracle's Queen is the last novel in The Tamír Triad by Lynn Flewelling, preceded by Hidden Warrior and by The Bone Doll's Twin.	Oracle's Queen	Tamír Triad
series	Duel with a Stranger is the sixth episode of the syndicated television series Queen of Swords airing November 11, 2000 Colonel Montoya employs a professional swordsman to kill The Queen after seeing him humiliate Captain Grisham in a test of his prowess.	Duel with a Stranger	Queen of Swords
series	``Smokin' Hot'' is the 14th episode of the fourth season of the American comedy-drama series, Ugly Betty, and the 79th episode overall.	Smokin' Hot	Ugly Betty
series	``Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things'' is the fourth episode of the HBO medieval fantasy television series Game of Thrones, which first aired on May 8, 2011.	Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things	Game of Thrones
series	Yesterday's Son is a novel by A. C. Crispin set in the fictional Star Trek Universe.	Yesterday's Son	Star Trek
series	``The Railroad Job'' is the fifth episode of the second season of the American television drama series Hell on Wheels, which aired on September 9, 2012 on AMC.	The Railroad Job	Hell on Wheels
series	``My Chopped Liver'' is the 17th episode of season five and the 110th episode of the American situation comedy Scrubs.	My Chopped Liver	Scrubs
series	``Mr. Denton on Doomsday'' is episode three of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	Mr. Denton on Doomsday	The Twilight Zone
series	``Where Is Everybody?'' is the first episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	Where Is Everybody?	The Twilight Zone
series	``Babel One'' is the twelfth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Enterprise, and originally aired on January 28, 2005.	Babel One	Star Trek: Enterprise
series	The Revenge in the Silent Tomb is book 1 of the Race Against Time series written by J. J. Fortune.	Revenge in the Silent Tomb	Race Against Time
series	``Prince Family Paper'' is the thirteenth episode of the fifth season of the American comedy television series The Office, and the show's 85th overall episode.	Prince Family Paper	The Office
series	``Enemies Foreign'' is the eighth episode of the eighth season of the American police procedural drama NCIS and the 170th episode overall.	Enemies Foreign	NCIS
series	``Ménage à Troi'' is the 24th episode of the third season of the science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, and the 72nd episode of the series overall.	Ménage à Troi	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	Operation Nuke is the title of the second book in the Cyborg series of science fiction/secret agent novels by Martin Caidin which was first published in 1973, just prior to Cyborg being adapted as the television series The Six Million Dollar Man.	Operation Nuke	The Six Million Dollar Man
series	``Grilled Cheesus'' is the third episode of the second season of the American television series Glee, and the twenty-fifth episode overall.	Grilled Cheesus	Glee
series	Last Day in Limbo is the title of the eighth novel chronicling the adventures of crime lord-turned-secret agent Modesty Blaise.	Last Day in Limbo	Modesty Blaise
series	``The Girl Who Waited'' is the tenth episode of the sixth series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, and was first broadcast on BBC One and BBC America on 10 September 2011.	The Girl Who Waited	Doctor Who
series	``Heart of Steel'' is a two-part episode of Batman: The Animated Series, the thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth produced, dealing with a supercomputer named H.A.R.D.A.C. and its attempts to replace Gotham citizens with robotic duplicates.	Heart of Steel	Batman: The Animated Series
series	``'Somehow, Satan Got Behind Me'' is the twenty-first episode of the second season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.	Somehow, Satan Got Behind Me	Millennium
series	Stormed Fortress is volume eight of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.	Stormed Fortress	Wars of Light and Shadow
series	``Fearful Pranks Ensue'' is the fourth episode of the third season of the anthology television series American Horror Story, which premiered on October 30, 2013, on the cable network FX.	Fearful Pranks Ensue	American Horror Story
series	Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging (1999) is a young adult novel by Louise Rennison.	Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging	Louise Rennison
series	``Jaws Wired Shut'' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons' thirteenth season.	Jaws Wired Shut	The Simpsons
series	The Seeds of Doom is the sixth and final serial of the 13th season of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in six weekly parts from 31 January to 6 March 1976.	The Seeds of Doom	Doctor Who
series	``Test the Store'' is the seventeenth episode of the eighth season of the American comedy television series The Office and the show's 169th episode overall.	Test the Store	The Office
series	``The Sue Sylvester Shuffle'' is the eleventh episode of the second season of the American musical television series Glee, and the thirty-third episode overall.	The Sue Sylvester Shuffle	Glee
series	From Hare to Heir is a Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies theatrical cartoon short released on September 3, 1960 starring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam as Sam, Duke of Yosemite at Bedlam Manor.	From Hare to Heir	Merrie Melodies
series	``Love & Monsters'' is the tenth episode of the second series of the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, first broadcast on BBC One on 17 June 2006.	Love & Monsters	Doctor Who
series	``Save the Clam'' is the nineteenth episode of the eleventh season and the 207th overall episode of the animated comedy series Family Guy.	Save the Clam	Family Guy
series	La saga des gaffes, written and drawn by Franquin, is the fifteenth album of the original Gaston Lagaffe series.	La saga des gaffes	Gaston
series	Blood of the Fold is the third book in Terry Goodkind's epic fantasy series The Sword of Truth.	Blood of the Fold	The Sword of Truth
series	The October Horse is the sixth novel in Colleen McCullough's Masters of Rome series.	The October Horse	Masters of Rome
series	Ripley Under Water is a 1991 psychological thriller by Patricia Highsmith, the last of five novels featuring Tom Ripley, ``an intelligent, cultured gentleman who dabbles in art, music and, occasionally, murder''.	Ripley Under Water	Tom Ripley
series	``Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls'' is the ninth episode of the second season of the animated television series South Park, and the 22nd episode of the series overall.	Chef's Chocolate Salty Balls	South Park
series	Richard Rahl, major character in The Omen Machine and protagonist in The Sword of Truth series.	The Omen Machine	The Sword of Truth
series	The Curse of Clyde Langer is a two-part story of The Sarah Jane Adventures which was broadcast on CBBC on 10 and 11 October 2011.	The Curse of Clyde Langer	The Sarah Jane Adventures
series	``The Longjohn Flap'' was episode #19 of the first season of the TV series M*A*S*H. It originally aired on February 18, 1973 and was the first episode of M*A*S*H to be written by series star Alan Alda.	The Longjohn Flap	M*A*S*H
series	``Coal Digger'' is the fifth episode of the American family sitcom, Modern Family.	Coal Digger	Modern Family
series	The British Rail Class 373 or TGV TMST train is an electric multiple unit that operates Eurostar's inter-city high-speed rail service between England, France and Belgium via the Channel Tunnel.	British Rail Class 373	TGV
series	``Of Human Action'' is the seventh episode of the second season of the science fiction/crime series Fringe, and the 27th episode overall.	Of Human Action	Fringe
series	Terror of the Vervoids is the third serial of the 23rd season in the British science fiction television series Doctor Who, which was first broadcast in four weekly parts from 1 November to 22 November 1986.	Terror of the Vervoids	Doctor Who
series	``One If by Clam, Two If by Sea'' is the fourth episode of the third season of the animated comedy series Family Guy, another episode produced for Season 2.	One If by Clam, Two If by Sea	Family Guy
series	The Fiat Punto is a supermini car produced by the Italian manufacturer Fiat since 1993, spanning over three generations.	Fiat Punto	supermini
series	Kushiel's Avatar is the third novel in Jacqueline Carey's Kushiel's Legacy series.	Kushiel's Avatar	Kushiel's Legacy
series	``The Show Where Sam Shows Up'' is the 16th episode of the second season of the American sitcom Frasier.	The Show Where Sam Shows Up	Frasier
series	``Nice Is Different Than Good'' is the sixth season premiere episode of the American comedy-drama series, Desperate Housewives, and the 112th overall episode of the series.	Nice Is Different Than Good	Desperate Housewives
series	Hare Do is a 1948 Merrie Melodies Cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd which was released in 1949.	Hare Do	Merrie Melodies
series	``Scared and Running'' is the thirty-first episode of the American television drama series The Killing, which aired on June 23, 2013.	Scared and Running	The Killing
series	Swallowing Darkness (2008) is the seventh novel in the Merry Gentry series written by Laurell K. Hamilton.	Swallowing Darkness	Merry Gentry series
series	A Kiss of Shadows is the first novel in the Merry Gentry series by American writer Laurell K. Hamilton.	A Kiss of Shadows	Merry Gentry series
series	``The Economy Drive'' is the third episode of the BBC comedy series Yes Minister and was first broadcast 10 March 1980.	The Economy Drive	Yes Minister
series	Microsoft Dangerous Creatures is a discontinued educational programme by Microsoft Home.	Microsoft Dangerous Creatures	Microsoft Home
series	``The Man in the Fallout Shelter'' is the ninth episode of the first season of the television series, Bones.	The Man in the Fallout Shelter	Bones
series	Life with Feathers is a 1945 Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng and produced and released by Warner Bros. Pictures.	Life with Feathers	Merrie Melodies
series	Fugitive Prince is volume four of the Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.	Fugitive Prince	Wars of Light and Shadow
series	``Timeslides'' is the fifth episode of science fiction sit-com Red Dwarf Series III, and the seventeenth in the series run.	Timeslides	Red Dwarf
series	The Laughing Corpse is the second novel in the Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter series of horror/mystery novels by Laurell K. Hamilton.	The Laughing Corpse	Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter
series	A. Wilson (Manager)? is the eleventh episode of the fourth series of the British comedy series Dad's Army that was originally transmitted on Friday 4 December 1970.	A. Wilson (Manager)?	Dad's Army
series	The Retaliators was the seventeenth novel in the Matt Helm secret agent novel series by Donald Hamilton.	The Retaliators	Matt Helm
series	``Objects in Space'' is the 14th episode and series finale of the science fiction television series Firefly created by Joss Whedon.	Objects in Space	Firefly
series	Matsya is generally enlisted as the first avatar of Vishnu, especially in Dashavatara (ten major avatars of Vishnu) lists.	Matsya	Dashavatara
series	``Pranksta Rap'' is the ninth episode of the The Simpsons' sixteenth season, which originally aired February 13, 2005.	Pranksta Rap	The Simpsons
series	The Dark Design (1977) is a science fiction novel, the third in the series of Riverworld books by Philip José Farmer.	The Dark Design	Riverworld
series	The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner is a companion novella to the Twilight series by author Stephenie Meyer.	The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner	Twilight
series	``Duel Citizenship'' is the fifth episode of the fifth season of the CBS situation comedy How I Met Your Mother and 93rd overall.	Duel Citizenship	How I Met Your Mother
series	``Wasted Talent'' is the 20th episode of the second season of the American animated television series Family Guy.	Wasted Talent	Family Guy
series	``Mr. Plow'' is the ninth episode of The Simpsons' fourth season, which originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on November 19, 1992.	Mr. Plow	The Simpsons
series	The Slow Regard of Silent Things is a fantasy novella and one of the companion tales in the The Kingkiller Chronicle series written by American author Patrick Rothfuss.	The Slow Regard of Silent Things	The Kingkiller Chronicle
series	The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories is Penguin Classics' second omnibus edition of works by 20th-century American author H. P. Lovecraft.	The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories	Penguin Classics
series	``Beach Games'' is the twenty-third episode of the third season of the US version of The Office, and the 51st of the series.	Beach Games	The Office
series	``Nanarchy'' is the eighth, and final, episode of science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf Series VII and the 44th in the series run.	Nanarchy	Red Dwarf
series	``Sun Probe'' is the 11th episode of the first series of Thunderbirds, a British 1960s Supermarionation television series co-created by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson.	Sun Probe	Thunderbirds
series	The Dargonesti is a fantasy novel set in the Dragonlance campaign series and is part of the Lost Histories.	The Dargonesti	Dragonlance
series	``Prisoner and Escort'' is the pilot episode of the BBC sitcom Porridge.	Prisoner and Escort	Porridge
series	The Unbeheaded King is a fantasy novel by American writer L. Sprague de Camp, the fourth book of his Novarian series and the third in the ``Reluctant King'' trilogy featuring King Jorian of Xylar.	The Unbeheaded King	Novarian series
series	``Future Echoes'' is the second episode of the science fiction sitcom Red Dwarf series one, and was first broadcast on the British television channel BBC2 on 22 February 1988.	Future Echoes	Red Dwarf
series	``Heart of Glory'' is the 20th episode of the first season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, first broadcast March 21, 1988.	Heart of Glory	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	``Hide and Q'' is the tenth episode of the first season of the science fiction television series Star Trek: The Next Generation, and originally aired on November 23, 1987, in broadcast syndication.	Hide and Q	Star Trek: The Next Generation
series	La Rabouilleuse (The Black Sheep) is an 1842 novel by Honoré de Balzac as part of his series La Comédie humaine.	La Rabouilleuse	La Comédie humaine
series	What's Cookin' Doc? is a 1944 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series, directed by Bob Clampett and starring Bugs Bunny.	What's Cookin' Doc?	Merrie Melodies
series	``The Surplus'' is the tenth episode of the fifth season of the television series The Office, and the show's eighty-second episode overall.	The Surplus	The Office
series	``I'm a Little Bit Country'' (also known as ``The South Park KICK-ASS 100th episode TV special'') is the fourth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series South Park, and the 100th episode of the series overall.	I'm a Little Bit Country	South Park
series	``What Would We Do Without You?'' is the 69th episode of the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.	What Would We Do Without You?	Desperate Housewives
series	Ships of Merior is volume two of The Wars of Light and Shadow by Janny Wurts.	Ships of Merior	Wars of Light and Shadow
series	``A River Runs Through Bob'' is the first episode of the fourth season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 46th episode, and is written by Dan Fybel and Rich Rinaldi and directed by Jennifer Coyle.	A River Runs Through Bob	Bob's Burgers
series	The Sims Life Stories is a video game, the first game in The Sims Stories series.	The Sims Life Stories	The Sims Stories
series	``The Warfare of Genghis Khan'' is the 101st episode of The West Wing and the 13th of the fifth season.	The Warfare of Genghis Khan	The West Wing
series	Wolf Brother is the first book in the series Chronicles of Ancient Darkness by Michelle Paver.	Wolf Brother	Chronicles of Ancient Darkness
series	The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow (1999) is a book by Ann Turner, part of the Dear America book series, fictional diaries of teenage girls during different parts of American history.	The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow	Dear America
series	Sagas of Conan is a 2004 omnibus collection of three previously issued fantasy books written by L. Sprague de Camp, Lin Carter and Björn Nyberg featuring Robert E. Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Sagas of Conan	Conan the Barbarian
series	Cast Two Shadows is a historical novel by Ann Rinaldi, a part of the Great Episodes series; it is told in first-person.	Cast Two Shadows	Great Episodes
sex or gender	Anna Bernauer was the first female figure skater in history to represent Luxembourg at the European and World Figure Skating Championships.	Anna Bernauer	female
sex or gender	Viktor Berg (born October 8, 1977 in Edmonton, Alberta) technically in Estonia and Finland count Viktor Berg de Sangaste, is a Finnish-origin professional male squash player who represented Canada during his career.	Viktor Berg	male
sex or gender	In her autobiography, Madame Roland reshapes her historical image by stressing the popular connection between sacrifice and female virtue.	Madame Roland	female
sex or gender	Julie Kirkbride was regularly voted as one of the top five sexiest female MPs in the United Kingdom Parliament.	Julie Kirkbride	female
sex or gender	Vanda Baranović-Urukalo (born Baranović) (born October 3, 1970) is a former Yugoslavian and Croatian female basketball player.	Vanda Baranović	female
sex or gender	While still a teenager, she became the first female hip hop DJ as the protégée of hip hop DJ Kool Herc, who gave her the stage name ``Wanda Dee''.	Wanda Dee	female
sex or gender	Keith Paora Curry (sometimes Keith Paul Curry) was the first male nurse in New Zealand's Plunket maternal health service.	Keith Paora Curry	male
sex or gender	Zhu Guo (simplified Chinese: 朱国; traditional Chinese: 朱國; pinyin: Zhū Guó; born June 14, 1985 in Fuxin, Liaoning) is a male Chinese Taekwondo practitioner.	Zhu Guo	male
sex or gender	Park Soo-jeong (Korean: 박 수정; born 2 March 1972) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player.	Park Soo-jeong	female
sex or gender	Péter Botfa (born June 30, 1979) is a retired male hammer thrower from Hungary.	Péter Botfa	male
sex or gender	Markus Hantschk (born 19 November 1977 in Dachau) is a former male tennis player from Germany who was active between 1996 and 2006.	Markus Hantschk	male
sex or gender	Masao Tsuchida is a retired male badminton player from Japan.	Masao Tsuchida	male
sex or gender	Afterwards a few British journalists pointed out that if you discount the number of women who made the list due to ``family wealth'' (which they may have contributed towards to a greater or lesser degree), inheritance or divorce -- the first self-made female richlister is Yelena Baturina.	Yelena Baturina	female
sex or gender	Xu Yunli (simplified Chinese: 徐云丽; traditional Chinese: 徐雲麗; pinyin: Xú Yúnlì; born 2 August 1987 in Fuqing, Fuzhou, Fujian) is a female Chinese volleyball player.	Xu Yunli	female
sex or gender	Julie Welch is a British sports journalist, author and screenwriter who in 1969 became Fleet Street's first female football reporter.	Julie Welch	female
sex or gender	Ye Huanming (Chinese: 叶焕明) is a male Chinese weightlifter.	Ye Huanming	male
sex or gender	Viktorija Žemaitytė (born March 11, 1985 in Kaunas, Lithuania) is a Lithuanian female track and field athlete, who represented Lithuania in the heptathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Viktorija Žemaitytė	female
sex or gender	Belinda Bidwell (22 April 1936 -- April 28, 2007) was the first female Speaker of the National Assembly of The Gambia.	Belinda Bidwell	female
sex or gender	Ramón Fernando García (born March 15, 1972 in El Carmen, Santander) is a retired male professional road racing cyclist from Colombia.	Ramón Fernando García	male
sex or gender	Afroditi Skafida (Greek: Αφροδίτη Σκαφίδα; born March 20, 1982 in Athens) is a female Greek pole vaulter.	Afroditi Skafida	female
sex or gender	Eddy Kurniawan (Chinese: 罗天宁) is a retired Chinese-Indonesian male badminton player.	Eddy Kurniawan	male
sex or gender	The lives of Anna Hedvig Büll and four other female humanists from Europe, who bore witness to the Armenian Genocide, are told in the 2015 film ``Map of Salvation.''	Anna Hedvig Büll	female
sex or gender	Helga Steudel is the only female motorcyclist to have won under her maidenname Steudel at the Sachsenring.	Helga Steudel	female
sex or gender	Li Yuwei (Chinese: 李玉伟; born July 20, 1965 in Shenyang, Liaoning) is a male Chinese sports shooter.	Li Yuwei	male
sex or gender	Dynamite Kansai (ダイナマイト関西, real name Chieko Suzuki) (born December 4, 1969) is a Japanese female professional wrestler.	Dynamite Kansai	female
sex or gender	Coco Mbassi (born 28 February 1969) is a female musical artist originating from Cameroon and based in Paris, France.	Coco Mbassi	female
sex or gender	Kim Il-soon (Hangul:김일순; born January 24, 1969) is a retired female tennis player from South Korea, who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics: in 1988 and 1992.	Kim Il-soon	female
sex or gender	Mehdi Assous (Arabic: المهدي عزوز‎; born September 25, 1977) is a retired male boxer from Algeria.	Mehdi Assous	male
sex or gender	Bernie Barker (July 31, 1940 -- March 21, 2007) was recognized in July 2003 by Guinness World Records as the world's oldest male stripper.	Bernie Barker	male
sex or gender	Blanche Noyes (June 23, 1900 -- October 6, 1981) was an American pioneering female aviator who was among the first ten women to receive a pilot's license.	Blanche Noyes	female
sex or gender	Sariamin Ismail (31 July 1909 -- 1995) was the first female Indonesian novelist.	Sariamin Ismail	female
sex or gender	Irina Kostyuchenkova (Russian: Ирина Костюченкова; born May 11, 1961), is a retired female javelin thrower who represented the Soviet Union and later Ukraine.	Irina Kostyuchenkova	female
sex or gender	Jolanta Janota-Marlec (born July 6, 1964 in Katowice, Śląskie) is a former female track and field sprinter from Poland, who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.	Jolanta Janota	female
sex or gender	Mike Pougounas was responsible for the interviews in ``Back in Black'' as well as the male vocals for the Rag songs ``My Life'' and ``Rock’n’Roll Puppet'' while playing the keyboards on the song ``From Hell'', which appears on the soundtrack of the documentary.	Mike Pougounas	male
sex or gender	Gregoria Mariska Tunjung (born August 11, 1999 in Wonogiri, Central Java) is a female Indonesian badminton player.	Gregoria Mariska Tunjung	female
sex or gender	Vivian Hoo Kah Mun (Chinese: 许家雯; pinyin: Xǔ Jiāwén; born 19 March 1990) is a female badminton player from Malaysia.	Vivian Hoo Kah Mun	female
sex or gender	Lee Sook-ja (Hangul: 이숙자; born 17 June 1980) is a South Korean female professional volleyball player.	Lee Sook-ja	female
sex or gender	Ksenija Atanasijević (1894--1981) was the first recognised major female Serbian philosopher, and one of first female professors of Belgrade University, where she graduated.	Ksenija Atanasijević	female
sex or gender	Beatrice Ohanessian (March 15, 1927 -- July 17, 2008) was an Iraqi Armenian pianist, notable for being Iraq's first concert pianist and first female composer.	Beatrice Ohanessian	female
sex or gender	Toni Janke is a contemporary Indigenous female singer/songwriter.	Toni Janke	female
sex or gender	Ravinder Grewal (born 28 March 1979) is a male Punjabi singer.	Ravinder Grewal	male
sex or gender	Paulette Cruz (born January 8, 1989 in Colima, Colima) is a female beach volleyball player from Mexico, who played during the Qualification Tournament of the Swatch FIVB World Tour 2006, playing with Wendy Guizar, there they finished 41st.	Paulette Cruz	female
sex or gender	Regarded as one of the finest female actors in the history of Hindi cinema, Nutan was noted for playing unconventional parts, and her performances often received praise and accolades.	Nutan	female
sex or gender	Leona Brown (born July 27, 1960) is a female boxer who is the WIBC world Bantamweight champion.	Leona Brown	female
sex or gender	Bethenia Angelina Owens-Adair (February 8, 1840 -- September 11, 1926) was an American social reformer and one of the first female physicians in Oregon.	Bethenia Angelina Owens-Adair	female
sex or gender	Anthony Medel (born March 28, 1978 in Santa Barbara, California) is a male beach volleyball player from the United States who won the gold medal at the NORCECA Circuit 2009 at Guatemala playing with Hans Stolfus.	Anthony Medel	male
sex or gender	A female dragon named Delphyne (δελφύς, ``womb''), who is obviously connected with Delphi and Apollo Delphinios, and a male serpent Typhon (τύφειν, ``to smoke''), the adversary of Zeus in the Titanomachy, who the narrators confused with Python.	Apollo	male
sex or gender	Regina Sterz (March 23, 1985) is a retired female skier from Austria.	Regina Sterz	female
sex or gender	Recorded at Rob Harwood Studio ``Maree'' (Sharin Anderson, Janine De Lorenzo (piano)) Sharin Anderson (1997), Recorded in ``Bloomers One'', a compilation CD of 16 Australian female singer/ songwriters.	Sharin Anderson	female
sex or gender	Sun Fuming (simplified Chinese: 孙福明; traditional Chinese: 孫福明; pinyin: Sūn Fúmíng; born April 14, 1974 in Xifeng, Tieling, Liaoning) is a female Chinese judoka who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Sun Fuming	female
sex or gender	Michele MacNaughton (born 18 November 1973 in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal) is a retired female field hockey player from South Africa, who represented her native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Michele MacNaughton	female
sex or gender	Uberlino Mesa Estepa (born June 12, 1971 in Nobsa, Boyacá) is a male professional road cyclist from Colombia.	Uberlino Mesa	male
sex or gender	Tapputi, also referred to as Tapputi-Butt (``Belatekallim'' refers to female overseer of a palace), is considered to be the world's first chemist, a perfume-maker mentioned in a cuneiform tablet dated around 1200 BC in Babylonian Mesopotamia.	Tapputi	female
sex or gender	Teresa Vaill (born November 20, 1962), is a female racewalker from the United States.	Teresa Vaill	female
sex or gender	Shawn Christopher is a female African-American house-music singer from Chicago, Illinois.	Shawn Christopher	female
sex or gender	Jure Bučar (born January 4, 1966 in Ljubljana) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia.	Jure Bučar	male
sex or gender	Nazlı Çağla Dönertaş (born March 1, 1991 in İstanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish female yacht racer.	Nazlı Çağla Dönertaş	female
sex or gender	Carolyn K. Peterson was Ithaca, New York's first female mayor, first elected in 2003 and reelected in 2007.	Carolyn K. Peterson	female
sex or gender	Annabel Croft (born 12 July 1966 in Farnborough, Bromley, London) is a former professional British No. 1 female tennis player and current radio and television presenter.	Annabel Croft	female
sex or gender	Carlijn Achtereekte (born 29 January 1990) is a Dutch female speed skater who is specialised in long distances and was born in Lettele, Deventer, Netherlands.	Carlijn Achtereekte	female
sex or gender	Her debut album sold over 1,500,000 copies, which makes Yuridia the highest selling female artist in the country since Thalía in the 90s, Beating out artists such as Luis Miguel, and Juan Gabriel.	Yuridia	female
sex or gender	Kavita Goyat (Born 15 August 1988) is a female boxer from India.	Kavita Goyat	female
sex or gender	Shen Sheng (born 1979-01-17 in Wuhan, Hubei) is a male Chinese sports sailor who has competed with Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Shen Sheng	male
sex or gender	Riley Schillaci (born December 22, 1982) is an American performance artist, specializing in sword swallowing as one of few professional female sword swallowers in the world.	Riley Schillaci	female
sex or gender	Kerry Blewett (born 1 February 1986 in Penzance) is a Cornish life guard who gained the acclaim of 'India's first female lifeguard in the late 2000s.	Kerry Blewett	female
sex or gender	Ayelet Newman, known by the stage name Ayelet the Kosher Komic, is an Orthodox Jewish female stand-up comedian.	Ayelet the Kosher Komic	female
sex or gender	Jin Xiaomei (simplified Chinese: 晋小梅; traditional Chinese: 晉小梅; pinyin: Jìn Xiǎoméi; born January 1, 1983 in Weifang, Shandong) is a female Chinese football (soccer) player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Jin Xiaomei	female
sex or gender	Shiela Grant Duff (11 May 1913 -- 19 March 2004) was a female British author, journalist and foreign correspondent.	Shiela Grant Duff	female
sex or gender	Ma Jianjun (born 8 October 1984 in Baise, Guangxi) is a male Chinese water polo player who was part of the gold medal winning team at the 2007 National Championships.	Ma Jianjun	male
sex or gender	Julia Wong Pei Xian (Chinese: 黄佩娴, born 12 September 1987) is a female badminton player from Malaysia.	Julia Wong Pei Xian	female
sex or gender	Eilley Bowers continues to be one of the most famous of 19th-century female pioneers, and a major figure in the early history of Nevada.	Eilley Bowers	female
sex or gender	Caroline Delas (born February 27, 1980 in Langon, Gironde) is a female competition rower from France.	Caroline Delas	female
sex or gender	McGranger is now the longest-serving female cast member on the show,and has currently played the role of Irene Roberts for 22 years with the character appearing in all seasons of the show since season four.	Irene Roberts	female
sex or gender	Linda Züblin (born March 21, 1986) is a female heptathlete from Switzerland, who competed for her native country at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Linda Züblin	female
sex or gender	Kim Gi-jung or Kim Ki-jung (Hangul: 김기정)(born 14 August 1990 in Dangjin) is a male South Korean badminton player.	Kim Gi-jung	male
sex or gender	Hwanhee is also known as one of the top male vocalists of the Korean Music Industry with his unique and powerful voice.	Hwanhee	male
sex or gender	Sarah Graham is an intersex activist and drug addiction counsellor and consultant.	Sarah Graham	intersex
sex or gender	Baroness Maria Antonietta Avanzo (born 5 February 1889) was the first Italian female racetrack driver and ``the most famous Italian woman racing driver of the inter-war period''.	Maria Antonietta Avanzo	female
sex or gender	May Sweet (Burmese: မေဆွိ; pronounced: (mè sʰwḭ); born Swe Aye Myint (ဆွေအေးမြင့် (sʰwè ʔé mjɪ̰ɴ)) on 13 February 1962) is a Burmese singer and actress, and considered one of the most commercially successful female singers in the history of Burmese pop music.	May Sweet	female
sex or gender	Sibel Kolçak (born January 3, 1990) is a Turkish female FIFA-listed football referee.	Sibel Kolçak	female
sex or gender	Zuzana Malíková (born 2 August 1983 in Nové Zámky) is a female race walker from Slovakia.	Zuzana Malíková	female
sex or gender	Miki Turner is a photo journalist, businesswoman, and the first regularly-featured African-American female sports columnist at a major metropolitan daily newspaper.	Miki Turner	female
sex or gender	Sparkle Moore (born Barbara Morgan in 1939 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a rockabilly singer, who recorded only a few songs during her career, but was highly influential as a pioneer of female rockabilly.	Sparkle Moore	female
sex or gender	Elizabeth Catlett (b. April 15, 1915. --d. April 2, 2012) was an African-American graphic artist and sculptor best known for her depictions of the African-American experience in the 20th century, which often had the female experience as their focus.	Elizabeth Catlett	female
sex or gender	Tero Välimaa (born August 10, 1978 in Göteborg, Västra Götaland) is a retired male butterfly swimmer from Finland, who was born in Sweden.	Tero Välimaa	male
sex or gender	Jane Patterson Priddis, Alberta is a female judoka from Canada.	Jane Patterson	female
sex or gender	Ioanna Chatziioannou (Greek: Ιωάννα Χατζηιωάννου; born October 22, 1973 in Germany) is a retired female weightlifter from Greece.	Ioanna Chatziioannou	female
sex or gender	Pocas Pascoal is an Angolan female film director.	Pocas Pascoal	female
sex or gender	Iva Frühlingová (born 11 May 1982 in Litvínov, Czechoslovakia) is Czech female singer and model, famous in the Czech Republic and France.	Iva Frühlingová	female
sex or gender	Laleh Seddigh (born 1977 in Tehran) is an Iranian female race car driver.	Laleh Seddigh	female
sex or gender	Umm Shareek (Arabic: أم شريك‎) was a female Companion of Muhammad.	Umm Shareek	female
sex or gender	Phyliss J. Anderson is the first female elected Chief of the Mississippi Band of Choctaw Indians.	Phyliss J. Anderson	female
sex or gender	Wang Yuanyuan (simplified Chinese: 王园元; traditional Chinese: 王園元; pinyin: Wáng Yuányuán; born November 16, 1977) is a male Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Wang Yuanyuan	male
sex or gender	Harriet Backer (21 January 1845 -- 25 March 1932) was a Norwegian painter who achieved recognition in her own time and was a pioneer among female artists both in the Nordic countries and in Europe generally.	Harriet Backer	female
sex or gender	Ji Sang-jun (born December 12, 1973) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from South Korea, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in Barcelona, Spain (1992).	Ji Sang-jun	male
sex or gender	Hugh d'Aubigny, 5th Earl of Arundel (died 7 May 1243) was the last in the Aubigny male line to hold the Arundel Castle.	Hugh d'Aubigny, 5th Earl of Arundel	male
sex or gender	Lilly Martin Spencer (born Angelique Marie Martin) (November 26, 1822 -- May 22, 1902) was one of the most popular and widely reproduced American female genre painters in the mid-nineteenth century.	Lilly Martin Spencer	female
sex or gender	Aylin Daşdelen (born 1982 in Yiğitler village, Yenifakılı, Yozgat, Turkey) is a European champion Turkish female weightlifter competing in the Women's 53 kg and 58 kg divisions.	Aylin Daşdelen	female
sex or gender	Gabriele Possanner (1869--1940) was the first female doctor to practice medicine in Austria.	Gabriele Possanner	female
sex or gender	Amanda Stretton (née Cohn; 24 July 1973, London) is an English female racing driver and motoring journalist.	Amanda Stretton	female
sex or gender	Mary B. Wolf was the second female mayor of City of Williamsport, Pennsylvania in the United States, serving from 2004 to 2008.	Mary B. Wolf	female
sex or gender	Gao Yulan (born 1982-10-03 in Ruichang, Jiujiang, Jiangxi) is a female Chinese rower, who won silver medal in the Women's double sculls at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Gao Yulan	female
sex or gender	Audrey Prieto (born June 13, 1980 in Clermont-Ferrand) is a female freestyle wrestler from France.	Audrey Prieto	female
sex or gender	Lin Po Heung (Chinese: 連寶香; Jyutping: lin4 bou2 hoeng1) is a Hong Kong female fencer.	Lin Po Heung	female
sex or gender	Jānis Bojārs (born May 12, 1956) is a retired male shot putter from Latvia, best known for winning the silver medal for the Soviet Union in the men's shot put event at the 1982 European Championships in Athens, Greece.	Jānis Bojārs	male
sex or gender	Clare Bodensteiner (born 31 October 1984 in Christchurch) is a New Zealand female basketball player.	Clare Bodensteiner	female
sex or gender	Nicole Hetzer (born February 18, 1979 in Leipzig, Sachsen) is a retired female medley swimmer from Germany.	Nicole Hetzer	female
sex or gender	Imelda Chiappa (born 1966-05-10 in Sotto il Monte, Province of Bergamo) is a retired female racing cyclist from Italy.	Imelda Chiappa	female
sex or gender	Nandipha Mntambo (born in 1982) is a South African artist who has become famous for her sculptures, videos and photographs that focus on human female body and identity by using natural, organic materials.	Nandipha Mntambo	female
sex or gender	Fujie Eguchi (江口 冨士枝, Eguchi Fujie; born 18 November 1932 in Nagasaki) is a former female table tennis player from Japan.	Fujie Eguchi	female
sex or gender	Jan Poděbradský (born March 1, 1974 in Prague) is a retired male decathlete from the Czech Republic, who also competed in the men's 400 metres during his career.	Jan Poděbradský	male
sex or gender	Catrine Bengtsson is a retired female badminton player from Sweden.	Catrine Bengtsson	female
sex or gender	Dhunyanun Premwaew (Thai: ชลนภัส เปรมแหวว; born July 20, 1987) (formerly Chonnapas Premwaew) is a female Thai taekwondo practitioner.	Dhunyanun Premwaew	female
sex or gender	Wang Xiaohong (simplified Chinese: 王晓红; traditional Chinese: 王曉紅; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎohóng; born November 20, 1968 in Changzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese swimmer.	Wang Xiaohong	female
sex or gender	Huang Wenyi (Chinese: 黄文仪; pinyin: Huáng Wényí; born 6 March 1991) is a female Chinese rower.	Huang Wenyi	female
sex or gender	Ada Bakker (born 8 April 1948) is a former Dutch female tennis player who was active during the 1960s and 70s.	Ada Bakker	female
sex or gender	Danieska Carrión (born June 9, 1980) is a female judoka from Cuba, who won the gold medal in the women's extra lightweight division (-- 48 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.	Danieska Carrión	female
sex or gender	Hassan Madani (born on March 6, 1979 in Cairo) is a male freestyle wrestler from Egypt.	Hassan Madani	male
sex or gender	Yuan Yong became exceedingly rich at this time, and historians described his wealth as being so great as like a nation's treasury, and he had 6,000 male servants and 500 female servants.	Yuan Yong	male
sex or gender	Hariyanto Arbi (often known as Heryanto Arbi; born 21 January 1972 in Kudus) is a former male badminton player from Indonesia who rated among the world's top few singles players in the 1990s.	Hariyanto Arbi	male
sex or gender	In March 2011 she was the most awarded female solo artist at the first Cabo Verde Music Awards, winning two awards for ``Festa Mascarado'' Throughout the years, Suzanna Lubrano has received Gold and Platinum albums in Africa for various releases.	Suzanna Lubrano	female
sex or gender	Kelly Tilghman (born August 6, 1969, North Myrtle Beach, South Carolina) is a broadcaster for The Golf Channel, and the PGA Tour's first female lead golf announcer.	Kelly Tilghman	female
sex or gender	He Yinli (born 20 July 1988) is a female Chinese long-distance runner.	He Yinli	female
sex or gender	As of 2003, Birgitta Haukdal is one of the most popular female pop vocalists in Iceland.	Birgitta Haukdal	female
sex or gender	Isel López Rodríguez (born July 11, 1970 in Santiago de Cuba) is a retired female javelin thrower from Cuba.	Isel López	female
sex or gender	De Melo Alcidio, Cidão (born 24 November 1964) is a former Brazilian male volleyball player.	Cidão	male
sex or gender	Tomasz Jędrusik (born February 3, 1969 in Szczecin, Zachodniopomorskie) is a male former track and field sprinter from Poland, who represented his native country at two Summer Olympics: 1988 and 1996.	Tomasz Jędrusik	male
sex or gender	Karlīne Štāla (born 5 March 1986) is a female race car driver from Latvia.	Karlīne Štāla	female
sex or gender	Marc Fornell Mestres (born Barcelona, 26 January 1982) is a professional male tennis player from Spain.	Marc Fornell	male
sex or gender	A Rosa King Foundation has been established in the Netherlands to help young female artists, and a memorial concert was conducted at the Melkweg concert house in Amsterdam in order to pay tribute to her.	Rosa King	female
sex or gender	Ma Liyun (simplified Chinese: 马丽芸; traditional Chinese: 馬麗芸; pinyin: Mǎ Lìyún; Cantonese Yale: Ma5 Lai6 Wan4; born July 1, 1988 in Guangdong) is a female Chinese BMX racer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Ma Liyun	female
sex or gender	Jolanta Polikevičiūtė (born September 25, 1970 in Panevėžys) is a retired female road racing cyclist from Lithuania, who competed in three Summer Olympics for her native country: 1996, 2004 and 2008.	Jolanta Polikevičiūtė	female
sex or gender	A statue from Heliopolis depicts Twosret and her names are inscribed with a mixture of male and female epithets.	Twosret	female
sex or gender	Huang Shiping (Chinese: 黄世平; born 24 February 1963) is a male Chinese sports shooter.	Huang Shiping	male
sex or gender	Rodolphe Gilbert (born 12 December 1968) is a former French male professional tennis player.	Rodolphe Gilbert	male
sex or gender	Lieutenant Colonel Mercedes O. Cubria (April 15, 1903 - October 14, 1980), a.k.a. ``La Tia'' (The Aunt), was the first Cuban-born female officer in the U.S. Army.	Mercedes O. Cubria	female
sex or gender	Mahin Oskouei (1929 -- January 2006) was an Iranian theater director and instructor and Iran's pioneering female theater arts figure.	Mahin Oskouei	female
sex or gender	Tanya Stefanova-Koleva (Bulgarian: Таня Стефанова; born March 8, 1972) is a female pole vaulter from Bulgaria, who represented her native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 2000 in Sydney, Australia.	Tanya Stefanova	female
sex or gender	Marcel Bouzout Stefano (born March 2, 1971) is a retired male basketball player from Uruguay, who competed for the Uruguay national basketball team in the 1990s and the early 2000s (decade).	Marcel Bouzout	male
sex or gender	José Daniel Bernal García (born March 15, 1973 in Bogotá) is a male road cyclist from Colombia.	José Daniel Bernal	male
sex or gender	Deng Daokun (born May 22, 1978 in Haikou, Hainan) is a male Chinese sports sailor.	Deng Daokun	male
sex or gender	Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk (Thai: ทนงศักดิ์ แสนสมบูรณ์สุข) (born 13 October 1990) is a Thai male badminton player.	Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk	male
sex or gender	Fan Ying (Chinese: 范瑛; pinyin: Fàn Yīng; born February 12, 1986) is a female Chinese table tennis player.	Fan Ying	female
sex or gender	Kathleen Webb (born October 6, 1956) is an American comic book writer and artist and one of the first female writers for Archie Comics.	Kathleen Webb	female
sex or gender	Jung Eun-sun (Hangul: 정은선; born 6 April 1973) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player.	Jung Eun-sun	female
sex or gender	Sun Xiulan (simplified Chinese: 孙秀兰; traditional Chinese: 孫秀蘭; pinyin: Sūn Xiùlán; born March 27, 1961) is a former female Chinese handball player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Sun Xiulan	female
sex or gender	Adele Holness is a female dance/progressive house artist from England who was the lead vocalist on Ben Shaw's 2001 number one Billboard Hot Dance Music/Club Play track ``So Strong''.	Adele Holness	female
sex or gender	Aiga Zagorska (born March 28, 1970 in Tukums, Soviet Union) is a retired female track and road racing cyclist from Lithuania, who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain for her Baltic country.	Aiga Zagorska	female
sex or gender	Amaesia Sentia is mentioned by Valerius Maximus as an instance of a female who pleaded her own cause before the praetor, around 77 BC. She was called ``Androgyne'', from having a man's spirit with a female form.	Amaesia Sentia	female
sex or gender	Svetlana Kana Radević (1937--2000) is credited as the first female Montenegrin architect.	Svetlana Kana Radević	female
sex or gender	Betty Boop was unique among female cartoon characters because she represented a sexualized woman.	Betty Boop	female
sex or gender	Ahsha Rolle (born March 21, 1985, in Miami Shores, Florida) is a former professional female tennis player from United States.	Ahsha Rolle	female
sex or gender	Yekaterina Khoroshikh (Russian: Екатерина Хороших; born 21 January 1983 in Rostov Oblast) is a female hammer thrower from Russia.	Yekaterina Khoroshikh	female
sex or gender	At that point, she transitioned from male to female and began using the byline ``Ina Fried''.	Ina Fried	female
sex or gender	Edith Margaret Garrud (1872--1971) was among the first female professional martial arts instructors in the Western world.	Edith Margaret Garrud	female
sex or gender	Guo Jingjing (Chinese: 郭晶晶; pinyin: Guō Jīngjīng; born October 15, 1981 in Baoding, Hebei) is a female diver from the People's Republic of China.	Guo Jingjing	female
sex or gender	Mabel Simpson (born 19 May 1984) is a female Ghanaian fashion designer and CEO of mSimps in Ghana.	Mabel Simpson	female
sex or gender	Gülnur Tumbat (born 1975) is a Turkish female academic in marketing as well as amateur mountain climber and ultramarathon runner.	Gülnur Tumbat	female
sex or gender	Yuri Alvear Orejuela (born 29 March 1986 in Jamundí, Valle del Cauca) is a Colombian female judoka.	Yuri Alvear	female
sex or gender	The only two acts to perform that night were Sonika and Leah LaBelle, a young female artist signed to Epic Records/So So Def Recordings.	Sonika	female
sex or gender	Zhang Honglin (born 12 January 1994) is a male Chinese hurdler.	Zhang Honglin	male
sex or gender	The character may be either male or female, though Revan is canonically male and follows the game's light-side path.	Revan	male
sex or gender	Justine Bayigga (born January 15, 1979 in Kayunga) is a female Ugandan sprinter, who specialized in the 400 metres.	Justine Bayigga	female
sex or gender	Kana Ōno (大野 果奈、Ōno Kana, born 30 June 1992) is a female volleyball player from Japan.	Kana Ōno	female
sex or gender	Some scholars point to the possibility that Abishag is the female protagonist in the Song of Songs.	Abishag	female
sex or gender	Zsuzsa Malovecz (born May 21, 1962 in Budapest) is a retired female javelin thrower from Hungary who represented her native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Zsuzsa Malovecz	female
sport	The Buick Open was a PGA Tour golf tournament from 1958 to 2009.	Buick Open	golf
sport	TSV Hannover-Burgdorf is a handball club from Hannover, Germany, and is competing in the German Handball-Bundesliga.	TSV Hannover-Burgdorf	handball
sport	Yudith Águila Hernández (born October 6, 1972 in Havana) is a women's basketball player from Cuba.	Yudith Águila	basketball
sport	The Algerian Women's Championship (Arabic: البطولة الجزائرية للسيدات‎) is the top flight of women's association football in Algeria.	Algerian Women's Championship	association football
sport	The 2002 Siebel Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the HP Pavilion at San Jose in San Jose, California in the United States that was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour.	2002 Siebel Open	tennis
sport	The Latvia national under-17 football team or Latvia U-17 represents Latvia in association football at the under-17 youth level, and is controlled by the Latvian Football Federation.	Latvia national under-17 football team	association football
sport	Iolo Ceredig Jones (born 2 August 1947) is a Welsh former international chess player born in Llandysul.	Iolo Ceredig Jones	chess
sport	Donald Byrne (June 12, 1930 -- April 8, 1976) was one of the strongest American chess players during the 1950s and 1960s.	Donald Byrne	chess
sport	Mark Chisholm (born 18 September 1981) is an Australian rugby union footballer.	Mark Chisholm	rugby union
sport	Siv Heim Sæbøe (born 25 March 1973) is a Norwegian team handball player who played for the club Bækkelagets SK and on the Norway women's national handball team.	Siv Heim Sæbøe	handball
sport	The Arenele BNR (English: BNR Arenas) are a complex of tennis venues located in Bucharest, Romania.	Arenele BNR	tennis
sport	The 2008 Estonian Figure Skating Championships (Estonian: Eesti Meistrivõistlused) are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Estonia.	2008 Estonian Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Enos Bromage (22 October 1898 -- 7 April 1978) was an English professional association football player of the 1920s.	Enos Bromage	association football
sport	Nataniela Oto (born May 26, 1980) is a Tongan-Japanese rugby union player.	Nataniela Oto	rugby union
sport	Leuven Bears, for sponsorship reasons also called Stella Artois Leuven Bears is a Belgian professional basketball club from Leuven, Belgium.	Leuven Bears	basketball
sport	Camilla Dalby (born 15 May 1988) is a Danish team handball player who plays for the club Randers HK and for the Danish women's national handball team.	Camilla Dalby	handball
sport	D. J. Clark (born November 30, 1986) is a professional American football defensive back.	D. J. Clark	American football
sport	The South African Badminton Championships is an annual badminton tournament held in South Africa since 1937.	South African Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	Christa Wiese (born 25 December 1967) is a German former track and field athlete who competed for East Germany in the shot put.	Christa Wiese	track and field
sport	Audrey Sauret (born in Charleville-Mézières, 31 October 1976) is a French basketball currently playing for Union Lyon BF.	Audrey Sauret	basketball
sport	The 2014 William Jones Cup was the 36th William Jones Cup, a top-level international basketball tournament of FIBA Asia.	2014 William Jones Cup	basketball
sport	The Kitchener Beavers were a Canadian professional ice hockey team in Kitchener, Ontario.	Kitchener Beavers	ice hockey
sport	The Bristol Aztecs are a British American football team based in Bristol, England, at the SGS WISE sports academy of South Gloucestershire and Stroud College, Bristol, which is also the base for a number of other sports teams such as Bristol Academy woman's soccer team.	Bristol Aztecs	American football
sport	The 1998 FIVB Volleyball World League was the ninth edition of the annual men's volleyball tournament, played by 12 countries from May 15 to July 19, 1998.	1998 FIVB Volleyball World League	volleyball
sport	Kuldeep Singh Garcha is a notable former polo player of India.	Kuldeep Singh Garcha	polo
sport	The LNB Pro A Awards are the individual awards of the top-tier men's professional club basketball league in France, the LNB Pro A. Maxi-Basket holds the vote, and calls it the referendum.	LNB Pro A Awards	basketball
sport	The Albertsons Boise Open presented by Kraft is a professional golf tournament on the Web.com Tour, played annually at Hillcrest Country Club in Boise, Idaho.	Albertsons Boise Open	golf
sport	Ettore Messina (born 30 September 1959) is an Italian professional basketball coach who is currently an assistant coach for the San Antonio Spurs of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	Ettore Messina	basketball
sport	Kurtley Beale (born 6 January 1989) is an Australian professional rugby union football player of Aboriginal descent.	Kurtley Beale	rugby union
sport	The 2015 Geneva Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2015 Geneva Open	tennis
sport	Ljubica Otašević (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубица Оташевић; born August 2, 1933 -- April 12, 1998) was a Yugoslav and Serbian actress and basketball player.	Ljubica Otašević	basketball
sport	Britt Dillmann (born 4 April 1963) is a 1.0-point wheelchair basketball forward, who plays for RSV Lahn-Dill in the German wheelchair basketball league.	Britt Dillmann	basketball
sport	The Dallas Desire are a professional women's American football team located in Dallas, Texas.	Dallas Desire	American football
sport	ASG Vorwärts Kamenz was an East German association football club from the city of Kamenz, Saxony.	Vorwärts Kamenz	association football
sport	The Fitzroy Bulldogs was a proposed Australian rules football club which was to have formed from the merger between the Fitzroy Lions and the Footscray Bulldogs, and was to have competed in the Victorian Football LeagueNote 1 from 1990.	Fitzroy Bulldogs	Australian rules football
sport	Debbie Green-Vargas (born June 25, 1958) is a former American volleyball player and coach.	Debbie Green-Vargas	volleyball
sport	HC Oceláři Třinec (Třinec Steelers) is a ice hockey team from Teschen Silesia who play in the Czech Extraliga, the top tier of Czech ice hockey.	HC Oceláři Třinec	ice hockey
sport	Damion Square (born February 6, 1989) is an American football defensive end for the San Diego Chargers.	Damion Square	American football
sport	CSM Constantine is an Algerian professional basketball team located in Constantine, Algeria.	CSM Constantine	basketball
sport	The 1989 Hopman Cup was the first edition to the Hopman Cup tennis event located at the Burswood Entertainment Complex in Perth, Australia.	1989 Hopman Cup	tennis
sport	The 2000 Family Circle Cup was the 28th edition of the Family Circle Cup tennis tournament.	2000 Family Circle Cup	tennis
sport	Vasek Pospisil (Czech pronunciation: (ˌvaʃɛk ˈpospiːʃɪl); born June 23, 1990) is a Canadian professional tennis player.	Vasek Pospisil	tennis
sport	Troy Williams (born December 30, 1994) is an American college basketball player entering his junior season with the Indiana Hoosiers.	Troy Williams	basketball
sport	Jérôme Haehnel (born 14 July 1980) is a retired French tennis player who is best known for defeating Andre Agassi in the first round of the French Open in 2004.	Jérôme Haehnel	tennis
sport	Ross Sutherland RFC is a rugby union club based in Invergordon, in Easter Ross in the Highlands of Scotland.	Ross Sutherland RFC	rugby union
sport	Ivan Lilov (Bulgarian: Иван Лилов) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player currently playing for Pallacanestro Chieti of the Italian Serie A2.	Ivan Lilov	basketball
sport	John Rinka (born October 4, 1948) is an American former college basketball player best known for his high--scoring offensive ability and accurate jump shot while at Kenyon College from 1966 to 1970.	John Rinka	basketball
sport	The Büyükşehir Belediyesi Ankara Spor Kulübü is a professional men's ice hockey team founded in 1978 in Ankara, Turkey that participates in the Turkish Hockey SuperLig (TBHSL).	Büyükşehir Belediyesi Ankara Spor Kulübü	ice hockey
sport	Herschel Greer Stadium is a former minor league baseball park located in Nashville, Tennessee, on the grounds of Fort Negley, an American Civil War fortification, approximately two miles (3 km) south of the city's downtown district.	Herschel Greer Stadium	baseball
sport	Richárd Rapport (born 25 March 1996) is a Hungarian chess prodigy.	Richárd Rapport	chess
sport	Carolyn Jones-Young (born Carolyn Jones on July 29, 1969) is an American former professional women's basketball player.	Carolyn Jones-Young	basketball
sport	The Algerian Basketball Championship, now called Algerian Super Division, formally known as National 1A, is the pre-eminent men's basketball league in Algeria.	Algerian Basketball Championship	basketball
sport	Doron Jamchi (alternate spelling: Jamchy) (Hebrew: דורון ג'מצ'י‎; born July 1, 1961), is a former Israeli professional basketball player.	Doron Jamchi	basketball
sport	Mikko Oivanen (born 26 May 1986 in Huittinen) is a Finnish volleyball player, a member of Finland men's national volleyball team and Iranian club Paykan Tehran VC.	Mikko Oivanen	volleyball
sport	Nogometni Klub Zarica Kranj (English: Zarica Kranj Football Club), commonly referred to as NK Kranj or NK Zarica is a Slovenian association football club based in the town of Kranj.	NK Kranj	association football
sport	Wlamir Marques (born on July 16, 1937 in São Vicente, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian basketball player.	Wlamir Marques	basketball
sport	Lorenzo Barceló (born August 10, 1977) is a professional baseball pitcher who is with the Rieleros de Aguascalientes in the Mexican League.	Lorenzo Barceló	baseball
sport	The Championships, Wimbledon, commonly known simply as Wimbledon, is the oldest tennis tournament in the world, and is widely considered the most prestigious.	The Championships, Wimbledon	tennis
sport	The Detroit Metal Mouldings were a minor league professional ice hockey team, and member of the International Hockey League.	Detroit Metal Mouldings	ice hockey
sport	Mark Joyce (born 11 August 1983 in St Helens, Lancashire) is an English professional snooker player who lives in Walsall.	Mark Joyce	snooker
sport	Liz Irving (born 7 February 1965 in Brisbane, Queensland) is a squash coach and former professional squash player from Australia.	Liz Irving	squash
sport	Hoo Cha-pen (Chinese: 霍 劍平) is a Taiwanese basketball player.	Hoo Cha-pen	basketball
sport	Stanley Stutz (born Stanley J. Modzelewski; April 14, 1920 -- October 28, 1975) was an American professional basketball player.	Stanley Stutz	basketball
sport	Cooper Stadium was a baseball stadium in Columbus, Ohio and was the home of the minor league Columbus Clippers from 1977 to 2008.	Cooper Stadium	baseball
sport	The Boulazac Basket Dordogne (BBD) is a French basketball club, based in Boulazac.	Boulazac Basket Dordogne	basketball
sport	Sancho Lyttle (born September 20, 1983) is a Spanish professional basketball player born in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.	Sancho Lyttle	basketball
sport	The 1909 Coupe de Chamonix was the first edition of the Coupe de Chamonix, an international ice hockey tournament.	1909 Coupe de Chamonix	ice hockey
sport	Aurora Seriate Calcio or simply Aurora Seriate was an Italian association football club, based in Seriate, Lombardy.	Aurora Seriate Calcio	association football
sport	Dušan Šakota (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Шакота, Greek: Ντούσαν Σάκοτα (Ntousan Sakota), born April 22, 1986) is a Greek professional basketball player of Serbian descent.	Dušan Šakota	basketball
sport	Louis Straight Clark (February 10, 1925 -- February 10, 1995) was an American tennis player in the mid-20th century.	Straight Clark	tennis
sport	The European Hockey Federation is a European sports federation for field hockey, based in Dublin, Ireland.	European Hockey Federation	field hockey
sport	The Interamnia World Cup can be considered as the handball Olympics.	Interamnia World Cup	handball
sport	The Guildford Flames are an ice hockey team based in Guildford, Surrey and their home ice is the Guildford Spectrum.	Guildford Flames	ice hockey
sport	Salah Bouchekriou (Arabic: صالح بوشكريو‎, born 1962) is an Algerian handball player and coach.	Salah Bouchekriou	handball
sport	The 2013 ICC Americas Twenty20 Division One is a cricket tournament that took place between 18--24 March 2013.	2013 ICC Americas Twenty20 Division One	cricket
sport	The Storvreta Innebandyklubb or Storvreta IBK, is a floorball club based in Storvreta, Sweden.	Storvreta IBK	floorball
sport	Cătălin Fercu (born on September 5, 1986, Brașov, Romania) is a Romanian rugby union player.	Cătălin Fercu	rugby union
sport	Kazuko Sawamatsu (Japanese: 沢松和子, born January 5, 1951 in Nishinomiya) is a retired Japanese professional tennis player.	Kazuko Sawamatsu	tennis
sport	International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster is a correspondence chess title created by FIDE in 1953, second only to that of world correspondence champion.	International Correspondence Chess Grandmaster	chess
sport	The 1995 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Flinders Park in Melbourne in Victoria in Australia.	1995 Australian Open	tennis	tennis
sport	Didem Ege (born 1988) is a Turkish volleyball player.	Didem Ege	volleyball
sport	The 2008 Davis Cup was the 97th edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men's tennis.	2008 Davis Cup	tennis
sport	John Olive, (born March 1, 1955) is a former American basketball player and coach.	John Olive	basketball
sport	Sergei Korostin (Сергей Коростин in Russian) (born July 5, 1989 in Prokopievsk, Russia) is a Russian ice hockey forward currently playing for the VMF Karelia of the Supreme Hockey League.	Sergei Korostin	ice hockey
sport	BC Azovmash (Ukrainian: БК ``Азовмаш'') is a Ukrainian professional basketball club.	BC Azovmash	basketball
sport	AZ Havířov is an ice hockey team in the First National Hockey League (second-tier league) from Havířov.	AZ Havířov	ice hockey
sport	The 1997 Karl Schäfer Memorial was the Karl Schäfer Memorial figure skating competition of the 1997--1998 figure skating season.	1997 Karl Schäfer Memorial	figure skating
sport	Cho Yoon-jeong (Korean: 조윤정, born 2 April 1979) is a former South Korean tennis player.	Cho Yoon-jeong	tennis
sport	Özgür Gürbulak (born April 30, 1981 in Izmir, Turkey) is a Turkish wheelchair basketball player and Paralympian.	Özgür Gürbulak	basketball
sport	Samoa National League is an association football league in Samoa and the top division of the Football Federation Samoa.	Samoa National League	association football
sport	Romy Kermer married name Österreich (born 28 July 1956 in Karl-Marx-Stadt (Chemnitz), Saxony, East Germany/GDR) is a German pair skater and figure skating coach.	Romy Kermer	figure skating
sport	Marc Santo-Roman (born 13 September 1960) is a French chess grandmaster, born in Toulouse.	Marc Santo-Roman	chess
sport	The Madison Capitols are a Tier I Junior A ice hockey team that plays in the Eastern Conference of the United States Hockey League.	Madison Capitols	ice hockey
sport	The Budapest Grand Prix was a women's tennis tournament held in Budapest, Hungary.	Budapest Grand Prix	tennis
sport	Joe Chandler born 2 November 1989 in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire, England is a rugby league player for the Batley Bulldogs in the Championship (rugby league).	Joe Chandler	rugby league
sport	The 2004 Acura Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in San Diego, California, in the United States.	2004 Acura Classic	tennis
sport	Samir Selešković (Turkish: Sedat Pınar); born 10 April 1970) former Bosnian professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Türk Telekom from Turkey.	Samir Selešković	basketball
sport	Clarissa Davis (born 4 June 1967 in San Antonio, Texas) is former Texas women's basketball All-American, who is also known as Clarissa Davis-Wrightsil.	Clarissa Davis	basketball
sport	The Delaware Valley Mantarays were a semi-professional rugby league football team based in the Delaware Valley area of the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Delaware Valley Mantarays	rugby league
sport	James Dwight (July 14, 1852, France -- July 13, 1917) was an American tennis player.	James Dwight	tennis
sport	Jerome Kaino (born 6 April 1983) is an American Samoan-born New Zealand professional rugby union player.	Jerome Kaino	rugby union
sport	Efren Navarro (born May 14, 1986) is an American professional baseball first baseman and left fielder for the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Efren Navarro	baseball
sport	Asseco Resovia Rzeszów is a Polish professional volleyball team, based in Rzeszów, playing in PlusLiga.	Asseco Resovia Rzeszów	volleyball
sport	The 1971 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship was the eighth staging of Ireland's hurling knock-out competition for players aged between 18 and 21.	1971 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship	hurling
sport	Vicky Smith is an English table tennis player.	Vicky Smith	table tennis
sport	Nic Berry (born 13 March 1984 in Brisbane) is an Australian rugby union referee and a former professional player.	Nic Berry	rugby union
sport	Pallamiaki (Greek: Παλλαμιακή) is a Greek association football club formed on 14 March 1928 and based on Lamia.	Pallamiaki	association football
sport	Wayne Cooney (born 23 March 1968) is a former association football player who played in the League of Ireland during the 1990s.	Wayne Cooney	association football
sport	FC Angusht Nazran (Russian: ``Ангушт'' Назрань) is a Russian association football club from Nazran.	FC Angusht Nazran	association football
sport	František Pála (born 28 March 1944) is a former professional tennis player from the Czech Republic who competed for Czechoslovakia.	František Pála	tennis
sport	The Iowa Stars, later known as the Iowa Chops, were a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League.	Iowa Stars	ice hockey
sport	The 2009 Chunichi Dragons season features the Dragons quest to win their first Central League baseball title since 2006.	2009 Chunichi Dragons season	baseball
sport	FC Grün-Weiß Wolfen was a German association football club from the industrial city of Bitterfeld-Wolfen in southern Saxony-Anhalt.	FC Grün-Weiß Wolfen	association football
sport	Reverend Robin Roe CBE MC (11 October 1928 -- 15 July 2010) was an Irish clergyman known for his work as an army chaplain, and a rugby union player.	Robin Roe	rugby union
sport	Brian Coates (Born - September 22, 1952 in Carman, Manitoba) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 202 games in the World Hockey Association for the Chicago Cougars, Indianapolis Racers, and Cincinnati Stingers.	Brian Coates	ice hockey
sport	Paul Bichelhuber (born February 22, 1987 in Wien) is an Austrian professional association football player, currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side LASK Linz.	Paul Bichelhuber	association football
sport	Muhd Asyraf Azan, (born 3 October 1988 in Selangor in Malaysia) is a professional squash player who represented Malaysia.	Muhd Asyraf Azan	squash
sport	He and his wife Sandra have run the Omar Moreno Foundation, a youth baseball charity for underprivileged kids in Panama.	Omar Moreno	baseball
sport	Pierre Ndaye Mulamba (born 4 November 1948) is a former association football midfielder from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, formerly Zaire.	Ndaye Mulamba	association football
sport	The Austrian Basketball Cup is an annual cup competition for Austrian basketball teams.	Austrian Basketball Cup	basketball
sport	According to a January 2008 Upper Deck press release, The Guinness World Book of Records would certify Yankee Stadium Legacy as the largest baseball card set ever produced, once all the cards are released.	Yankee Stadium Legacy	baseball
sport	Chris Huxley (born February 10, 1987) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who played in the American Hockey League (AHL).	Chris Huxley	ice hockey
sport	Michalis Pelekanos (alternate spelling: Mihalis) (Greek: Μιχάλης Πελεκάνος) (born May 25, 1981) is a Greek professional basketball player, who plays for Aris Thessaloniki of the Greek League.	Michalis Pelekanos	basketball
sport	The 2015 Generali Open Kitzbühel will be a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2015 Generali Open Kitzbühel	tennis
sport	Dunedin Technical - known locally as ``Tech'' - is a semi-professional association football club in Dunedin, New Zealand.	Dunedin Technical	association football
sport	Centenary Test refers to two matches of Test cricket played between the English cricket team and the Australian cricket team, the first in 1977 and the second in 1980.	Centenary Test	cricket
sport	Born in Kongsberg, Norway, Sigmund Ruud, with his brothers Birger and Asbjørn, dominated ski jumping in the 1920s and 1930s.	Sigmund Ruud	ski jumping
sport	The Camperdown Football Club is an Australian rules football club which compete in the Hampden Football League.	Camperdown Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	Rasmus Henning (born November 13, 1975 in Copenhagen) is an athlete from Denmark, who competes in triathlon.	Rasmus Henning	triathlon
sport	The ESV Nürnberg-West is a defunct German association football club from the city of Nuremberg (German: Nürnberg), Bavaria.	ESV Nürnberg-West	association football
sport	Club de Rugby Ateneo Inmaculada, also known for its acronym CRAI is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club, located in Santo Tomé, Santa Fe Province.	Club de Rugby Ateneo Inmaculada	rugby union
sport	Rob Kenny (born October 19, 1968 in Bronx, New York d. July 21, 2010, Weston, Florida) was an ice hockey player who played in the International Hockey League and American Hockey League.	Rob Kenny	ice hockey
sport	Rokometni Klub Prevent (English: Prevent Handball Club), commonly referred to as RK Prevent or simply Prevent, was a team handball club from Slovenj Gradec, Slovenia.	RK Prevent	handball
sport	The 2015 FC Astana season is the 7th successive season that the club will play in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan.	2015 FC Astana season	association football
sport	Gøril Snorroeggen (born February 15, 1985) is a Norwegian handball player, who plays for Esbjerg.	Gøril Snorroeggen	handball
sport	Dorothy Edith Round or Dorothy Round Little (13 July 1908 -- 12 November 1982) was a British tennis player.	Dorothy Round	tennis
sport	The Marathon Classic, in full the Marathon Classic Presented by Owens Corning and O-I, is a women's professional golf tournament on the LPGA Tour.	Marathon Classic	golf
sport	The New Zealand Breakers are a New Zealand men's professional basketball team competing in the Australian National Basketball League (NBL).	New Zealand Breakers	basketball
sport	Susanne Munk Wilbek (born Munk Lauritsen, 12 October 1967) is a Danish team handball player and Olympic champion.	Susanne Munk Wilbek	handball
sport	Ginou Etienne (born 12 January 1985) is a track and field athlete who specialises in the 400 metres.	Ginou Etienne	track and field	400 metres
sport	Darrell Strong (born May 21, 1986) is a former American football tight end.	Darrell Strong	American football
sport	Beth Herr (born May 28, 1964) is an American tennis player from Centerville Ohio where she was a two time high school Singles State Champion (80-81).	Beth Herr	tennis
sport	The International Basketball Federation, more commonly known as FIBA, FIBA World, or FIBA International (/ˈfiːbə/ FEE-bə), from its French name Fédération Internationale de Basket-ball, is an association of national organizations which governs international competition in basketball.	FIBA	basketball
sport	PVK Jadran CKB is a water polo club from Herceg Novi, Montenegro.	PVK Jadran	water polo
sport	The 2010 Hiroshima Toyo Carp season features the Hiroshima-based professional baseball team quest to win their first Central League title since 1991.	2010 Hiroshima Toyo Carp season	baseball
sport	Michel Droitecourt (born 30 October 1949) was a French rugby union player who was capped 17 times.	Michel Droitecourt	rugby union
sport	BC Sūduva (Lithuanian: Krepšinio Klubas Sūduva; English: Basketball Club Sūduva) known as Sūduva-Mantinga for sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball club based in Marijampolė, Lithuania.	BC Sūduva	basketball
sport	Ateneo Cultural y Deportivo Don Bosco, usually just Don Bosco, is an Argentine rugby union club, based in the Florencio Varela district of Greater Buenos Aires.	Ateneo Cultural y Deportivo Don Bosco	rugby union
sport	The 2007 FAI Cup Final was the final match of the 2007 FAI Cup, the national association football cup of the Republic of Ireland.	2007 FAI Cup Final	association football
sport	Falmouth RFC is a rugby union club based in the town of Falmouth, Cornwall, in the United Kingdom, playing in the eighth tier of the English league system, Tribute Cornwall/Devon.	Falmouth RFC	rugby union
sport	The Art of Flight is a Red Bull sponsored documentary film about snowboarding and a successor to That's It, That's All.	The Art of Flight	snowboarding
sport	Montpellier Handball, formerly named Montpellier Agglomération Handball, is a handball club from Montpellier, France.	Montpellier Handball	handball
sport	Pablo Zarnicki (born 12 November 1972 Bulnes) an Argentine chess player.	Pablo Zarnicki	chess
sport	Everth Cabrera (born November 17, 1986) is a Nicaraguan professional baseball infielder who is currently a free agent.	Everth Cabrera	baseball
sport	Xaver Affentranger (born 1 December 1897, date of death unknown) was a Swiss cross-country skier, Nordic combined skier, and ski jumper who competed in the 1920s.	Xaver Affentranger	Nordic combined
sport	Södertälje Kings is a basketball team from Södertälje, Stockholm, Sweden, playing in the Swedish Basketball League.	Södertälje Kings	basketball
sport	Malone RFC (Malone Rugby Football Club) is a rugby union club based in Belfast, in Northern Ireland.	Malone RFC	rugby union
sport	Out of the Park Baseball, abbreviated as OOTP, is a text-based baseball simulation for career, historical, and fictional play.	Out of the Park Baseball	baseball
sport	Eveline de Haan (born 21 February 1976) is a Dutch field hockey player who plays for HC Klein Zwitserland.	Eveline de Haan	field hockey
sport	VC Dynamo-Yantar Kaliningrad is a Russian women's volleyball club.	VC Dynamo-Yantar Kaliningrad	volleyball
sport	Robin Schembera (born 1 October 1988 in Halle (Saale)) is a German middle distance runner who specialises in the 800 metres.	Robin Schembera	800 metres
sport	Celeste Plak (born October 26, 1995) is a Dutch volleyball player, who plays as an outside hitter.	Celeste Plak	volleyball
sport	Ryan Barlock, born July 24, 1987, grew up in Niles, Illinois is an American professional ice hockey two-way defenseman currently playing for the Bruleurs de Loups de Grenoble of the French Ligue Magnus.	Ryan Barlock	ice hockey
sport	The 2007 Nottingham Open was the 2007 edition of the Nottingham Open men's tennis tournament.	2007 Nottingham Open	tennis
sport	The 1992 Tel Aviv Open was a men's tennis tournament played on hard courts that was part of the World Series of the 1992 ATP Tour.	1992 Tel Aviv Open	tennis
sport	Marta Hernández, known professionally as Martha Hernandez, of Mexico was an amateur tennis player, active during the 1950s and 1960s.	Martha Hernandez	tennis
sport	The World Junior Curling Championships are an annual curling bonspiel featuring the world's best curlers who are 21 years old or younger.	World Junior Curling Championships	curling
sport	The New Zealand Football Championship (NZFC, known as the ASB Premiership from 2011 for sponsorship reasons) is the national association football league in New Zealand.	New Zealand Football Championship	association football
sport	The Fern-C Ferntastics is a basketball team that played in the final year of the Philippine Basketball League.	Fern-C	basketball
sport	Virgile Lacombe (born 7 July 1984 in Brou-sur-Chantereine, France) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing for Racing Métro.	Virgile Lacombe	rugby union
sport	Dmitry Sergeyevich Nikolayev (Russian: Дми́трий Серге́евич Никола́ев; born October 11, 1975) is a professional association football manager and a former player from Russia.	Dmitry Sergeyevich Nikolayev	association football
sport	David Svoboda (Czech pronunciation: (ˈdavɪt ˈsvoboda); born 19 March 1985) is a Czech athlete who competes in the modern pentathlon.	David Svoboda	modern pentathlon
sport	Jiří Welsch (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈvɛlʃ)) (born 27 January 1980) is a Czech professional basketball player with ČEZ Basketball Nymburk.	Jiří Welsch	basketball
sport	The 1993 Torneo Godó was the 41st edition of the Torneo Godó annual tennis tournament played on clay courts in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain and it took place from April 3--11, 1993.	1993 Torneo Godó	tennis
sport	The Southern Kings are a rugby union team based in Port Elizabeth, South Africa that compete in the annual Super Rugby competition.	Southern Kings	rugby union
sport	The 2014 Six Nations Championship, known as the 2014 RBS 6 Nations because of the tournament's sponsorship by the Royal Bank of Scotland, was the 15th series of the Six Nations Championship, the annual northern hemisphere rugby union championship.	2014 Six Nations Championship	rugby union
sport	Olli Palola (born April 8, 1988) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Russia for Vityaz of the KHL.	Olli Palola	ice hockey
sport	Peter Fehse (born May 18, 1983 in Halle, East Germany) is a German professional basketball player who is currently coaching for BG Bitterfeld-Sandersdorf-Wolfen in German third league assisting former German national player Stephen Arigbabu.	Peter Fehse	basketball
sport	The Oklahoma City Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that played at various clubs in Oklahoma City.	Oklahoma City Open Invitational	golf
sport	George Xie (born 20 October 1985) is a retired Australian chess player who tied for first in the 2009 and 2011 Australian Open Chess Championship tournaments, winning the Australian Open Champion title on countback in 2011.	George Xie	chess
sport	Jaypee Belencion (born January 2, 1986) is a Filipino basketball player who last played for the Tanduay Light Rhum Masters in the PBA Developmental League.	Jaypee Belencion	basketball
sport	The 2014 Nordic Figure Skating Championships was a figure skating competition in the 2013--2014 season.	2014 Nordic Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Flying Boomerangs are the underage Indigenous Australian Australian rules football team.	Flying Boomerangs	Australian rules football
sport	Jean Marc Pingris, Jr. (born October 16, 1981) is a Filipino professional basketball player currently playing for the Star Hotshots in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Marc Pingris	basketball
sport	Bulgarian Basketball Federation is a national governing body of basketball in Bulgaria.	Bulgarian Basketball Federation	basketball
sport	Aleksandr Ivanovich Filippov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Фили́ппов) (born in 1892; died in 1962) was an association football player.	Aleksandr Ivanovich Filippov	association football
sport	The 2014 SAFF Women's Championship was an association football tournament for women's national teams organised by the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF).	2014 SAFF Women's Championship	association football
sport	In 2002, the successful rugby union team from Sudbury, London Wasps (later just known as Wasps), became tenants to Wycombe Wanderers at Adams Park after losing their previous groundsharing agreement with Queens Park Rangers at Loftus Road.	Adams Park	rugby union
sport	SC Wacker Leipzig was a German association football club playing in Leipzig, Saxony.	Wacker Leipzig	association football
sport	Gerwyn Williams (22 April 1924 -- 10 February 2009) was a Welsh rugby union player, coach and author.	Gerwyn Williams	rugby union
sport	Matt Wile (born June 20, 1992) is an American football placekicker and punter who is currently a free agent.	Matt Wile	American football
sport	Stade Poitevin Poitiers is a French volleyball club and plays in the Pro A.	Stade Poitevin Poitiers	volleyball
sport	Chen De (Chinese: 陈德; born 26 November 1949) is a Chinese FIDE master chess player.	Chen De	chess
sport	The Scottish Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the Scottish Cup, is an annual association football knock-out cup competition for men's football clubs in Scotland.	Scottish Cup	association football
sport	Gilmar Antônio Batista (born 16 May 1970 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian retired professional association football player.	Gilmar Antônio Batista	association football
sport	The 1979 Gillette Cup Final was a cricket match between Somerset County Cricket Club and Northamptonshire County Cricket Club played on 8 September 1979 at Lord's in London.	1979 Gillette Cup Final	cricket
sport	The men's and women's mountain biking events of the 2012 Olympic Games took place at Hadleigh Farm on 11 and 12 August.	Hadleigh Farm	mountain biking
sport	Jurica Golemac (born May 29, 1977 in Zagreb, Socialist Republic of Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia), is a retired Slovenian-Croatian professional basketball player and current assistant coach of Cibona Zagreb.	Jurica Golemac	basketball
sport	The 1989 Ashes series was that year's edition of the long-standing and storied cricket rivalry between England and Australia.	1989 Ashes series	cricket
sport	The Hockey Club SKA (Russian: Хоккейный клуб СКА), often referred to as SKA Saint Petersburg and literally as the Sports Club of the Army, is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in Saint Petersburg.	SKA Saint Petersburg	ice hockey
sport	The Bosnia and Herzegovina Davis Cup team represents Bosnia and Herzegovina in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Tennis Association of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Bosnia and Herzegovina Davis Cup team	tennis
sport	Thomas Kottas (Greek: Θωμάς Κώττας; born April 27, 1996) is a Greek professional basketball player, that is currently with PAOK of the Greek League.	Thomas Kottas	basketball
sport	Robert Gardos (Hungarian: Gárdos Róbert, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈɡaːrdoʃ ˈroːbɛrt); born 16 January 1979 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-born Austrian table tennis player, European Champion and Olympic participant.	Robert Gardos	table tennis
sport	The DP World Tour Championship, Dubai is a golf tournament on the European Tour and is the climax of the European Tour Race to Dubai.	DP World Tour Championship, Dubai	golf
sport	Rodney Monroe (born April 16, 1968) is a retired American professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues.	Rodney Monroe	basketball
sport	Tonbridge Juddians Rugby Football Club is an English rugby union team based in Tonbridge in Kent.	Tonbridge Juddians Rugby Football Club	rugby union
sport	The 2000 AXA Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in London and was part of the International Series Gold of the 2000 ATP Tour.	2000 AXA Cup	tennis
sport	Vicyohandri Odelín Sanamé (born June 26, 1980 in Guantánamo) is a right-handed pitcher for the Cuban national baseball team and Camagüey of the Cuban National Series.	Vicyohandri Odelín	baseball
sport	Christophe Mengin (born 3 September 1968 in Cornimont) is a retired French racing cyclist and a former cyclo-cross racer.	Christophe Mengin	cyclo-cross
sport	Maude Jacques (born April 21, 1992) is a Canadian 2.5 point Paralympic wheelchair basketball player who won a gold medal at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto.	Maude Jacques	basketball
sport	Tommy Urhaug (born in Bergen on 16 June 1980) is a Norwegian Paralympic table tennis player.	Tommy Urhaug	table tennis
sport	David Niumataiwalu, better known as David Niu (born 3 January 1966), is an Australian-American rugby league and rugby union administrator, coach, and former player.	David Niu	rugby league
sport	The Mid-South Louisiana Heavyweight Championship was a secondary professional wrestling championship that was used and defended from 1964 though 1983.	Mid-South Louisiana Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The NWA Women's Pacific/NEO Single Championship was a professional wrestling women's championship contested primarily in NEO Japan Ladies Pro Wrestling.	NWA Women's Pacific/NEO Single Championship	professional wrestling
sport	David Pate (born April 16, 1962) is a former professional tennis player from the United States who won two singles titles and eighteen doubles titles during his career.	David Pate	tennis
sport	Mircea Paraschiv (born 1954) is a former Romanian rugby union player and a current coach.	Mircea Paraschiv	rugby union
sport	Théo Fages (born August 23, 1994) is a French professional rugby league player for St Helens in the Super League.	Théo Fages	rugby league
sport	Julien Touxagas (born February 12, 1984 in Perpignan, France) is a rugby league player.	Julien Touxagas	rugby league
sport	Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi was a boxing light welterweight match-up between the top two in the division at that time, to determine the number one light welterweight in the world.	Ricky Hatton vs. Paulie Malignaggi	boxing
sport	Clube de Rugby de Arcos de Valdevez (CRAV), is a rugby union club, located in Arcos de Valdevez, Portugal, the only rugby team in the Minho region.	Clube de Rugby de Arcos de Valdevez	rugby union
sport	Ahmed Hegazy (Arabic: أحمد حجازي‎) (born January 25, 1991) is an association football player who currently plays for Al Ahly.	Ahmed Hegazy	association football
sport	Ulrik Wilbek (born 13 April 1958, in Tunis, Tunisia) is a Danish team handball coach.	Ulrik Wilbek	handball
sport	The 2016 Canoe Slalom World Cup will be a series of six races in 5 canoeing and kayaking categories organized by the International Canoe Federation (ICF).	2016 Canoe Slalom World Cup	canoeing and kayaking
sport	AG København (former name: AG Håndbold) was a Danish handball club from Glostrup and Albertslund, two suburbs of Copenhagen, Denmark.	AG København	handball
sport	The company website boasts that 13 out of the 15 swimming records broken in the 2000 Sydney Olympics were by athletes wearing Speedo.	Speedo	swimming
sport	The Bournemouth Bobcats is an English American football team based in Bournemouth, Dorset competing in the second division of the British American Football Association's Southern Conference.	Bournemouth Bobcats	American football
sport	Stade Marcel-Verchère is rugby union stadium located in Bourg-en-Bresse, Ain.	Stade Marcel-Verchère	rugby union
sport	Milka Bjelica (Serbian Cyrillic: Милка Бјелица; born Juny 22, 1981) is Montenegrin women's basketball player.	Milka Bjelica	basketball
sport	Baseball Prospectus (BP) is an organization that publishes a website, BaseballProspectus.com, devoted to the sabermetric analysis of baseball.	Baseball Prospectus	baseball
sport	Anne Smith (born July 1, 1959) is an educational psychologist known for her past as a professional tennis player from the United States.	Anne Smith	tennis
sport	Igor Kurnosov (Russian: Игорь Курносов; 30 May 1985 -- 8 August 2013) was a Russian chess grandmaster.	Igor Kurnosov	chess
sport	SV Ried is an Austrian association football club from Ried im Innkreis.	SV Ried	association football
sport	The Saraperos de Saltillo (English: Saltillo Sarape Users) are a Triple-A level baseball team playing in the Mexican League.	Saraperos de Saltillo	baseball
sport	The Richmond Rovers Rugby League Club is a rugby league club based in Grey Lynn, New Zealand.	Richmond Rovers	rugby league
sport	Paulo Massaro (born December 29, 1981 in Ribeirão Preto, Brazil), is a professional association football player who currently plays for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.	Paulo Massaro	association football
sport	The 2010 Serbia Open (also known as Serbia Open powered by Telekom Srbija for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts.	2010 Serbia Open	tennis
sport	The Slovak Ice Hockey Federation (Slovak: Slovenský zväz ľadového hokeja, (SZĽH)) is the governing body that oversees ice hockey in Slovakia.	Slovak Ice Hockey Federation	ice hockey
sport	The Gold Coast Vikings was a rugby league team representing the Gold Coast Rugby League Competition, where the best players of the competition get selected to play for the Vikings.	Gold Coast Vikings	rugby league
sport	Sandra Reynolds Price (born 4 March 1934) is a former tennis player from South Africa who won four Grand Slam women's doubles championships and one Grand Slam mixed doubles championship.	Sandra Reynolds	tennis
sport	The Royal Montreal Hockey Club, of Montreal, Quebec, Canada, better known as the Montreal Royals is a defunct ice hockey club.	Royal Montreal Hockey Club	ice hockey
sport	The San Francisco Giants are an American professional baseball franchise based in San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Giants	baseball
sport	The Timiskaming Professional Hockey League (TPHL) was a minor professional ice hockey league based in the area of Lake Timiskaming, Canada.	Timiskaming Professional Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The Topeka Tarantulas were a professional ice hockey team.	Topeka Tarantulas	ice hockey
sport	Andreas Pilavakis (born July 10, 1960) is a retired Cypriot taekwondo athlete.	Andreas Pilavakis	taekwondo
sport	Aaron Trahair (born in a tent, 3 February 1976) is an Australian former professional basketball player and current head coach of the State Basketball League's Geraldton Buccaneers.	Aaron Trahair	basketball
sport	The Surtees Racing Organisation was a race team that spent nine seasons (1970 to 1978) as a constructor in Formula One, Formula 2, and Formula 5000.	Surtees	Formula One
sport	Juvenia Kraków (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuvɛɲa ˈkrakuf)) is a Polish rugby union club based in Kraków, Poland.	Juvenia Kraków	rugby union
sport	The Dauvray Cup was a championship trophy awarded in professional baseball from 1887 to 1893.	Dauvray Cup	baseball
sport	The Norwegian Athletics Association (Norwegian: Norges Friidrettsforbund, NFIF) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics in Norway, including track and field, road running, cross country running and racewalking.	Norwegian Athletics Association	sport of athletics
sport	The 2004 Beach Handball World Championships are a nine-team tournament in both men's and women's beach handball, held at El Gouna in Egypt in 2004.	2004 Beach Handball World Championships	beach handball
sport	The Minnesota Swarm was a box lacrosse team in the National Lacrosse League who played at the Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minnesota from 2004 until 2015.	Minnesota Swarm	lacrosse
sport	The 1998 Open 13 was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Marseille, France, that was part of the International Series of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 Open 13	tennis
sport	The Kassel Huskies were a professional ice hockey team based in Kassel, Hesse, Germany.	Kassel Huskies	ice hockey
sport	LaRod Stephens-Howling (born April 26, 1987) is a former American football running back and kickoff returner.	LaRod Stephens-Howling	American football
sport	Naoko Hashimoto (橋本直子 Hashimoto Naoko, born July 11, 1984) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for CS Volei Alba-Blaj.	Naoko Hashimoto	volleyball
sport	José Carlos Maltos is a Mexican former player of American football who signed as a placekicker with the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL) in 2013.	José Carlos Maltos	American football
sport	Jelani Gardner (born December 26, 1975 in the USA) is an American-French professional basketball player.	Jelani Gardner	basketball
sport	Since 1959, the Oscar Mathisen Award (also known as the Oscar Mathisen Memorial Award, the Oscar Mathisen Memorial Trophy, and sometimes the Skating Oscar) is awarded annually for outstanding speed skating performance of the season.	Oscar Mathisen Award	speed skating
sport	Rodrigue Akl (born 30 September 1988) is a Lebanese basketball player with Hekmeh BC of the Lebanese Basketball League and is currently the captain of the team.	Rodrigue Akl	basketball
sport	Michel Boudreau (born September 26, 1952) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey player who played in the World Hockey Association (WHA).	Michel Boudreau	ice hockey
sport	Muhammad Marbawi Sulaiman (born 30 January 1983 in Pengkalan Hulu) is an athlete from Malaysia, who competes in archery.	Muhammad Marbawi	archery
sport	Yasmine Oudni (born August 2, 1989 in Tizi Ouzou, Algeria) is an Algerian international volleyball player.	Yasmine Oudni	volleyball
sport	The 2009 Conference USA Baseball Tournament was the 2009 postseason college baseball championship of the NCAA Division I Conference USA, held at Pete Taylor Park in Hattiesburg, Mississippi from May 20--	2009 Conference USA Baseball Tournament	baseball
sport	The Houston Marathon is an annual marathon held every January in Houston, Texas.	Houston Marathon	marathon
sport	Monte Grande Rugby Club, usually just Monte Grande, is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club located in the Monte Grande district of Greater Buenos Aires.	Monte Grande Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	St. Brendan's Rugby Club, or just St. Brendan's, is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club, located in the city of Buenos Aires.	St. Brendan's Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The 2015 European Women Basketball Championship, commonly called EuroBasket Women 2015 was the 35th edition of the continental tournament in women's basketball, sanctioned by the FIBA Europe.	EuroBasket Women 2015	basketball
sport	The 1968 Suisse Open Gstaad was a combined men's and women's professional tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Gstaad, Switzerland.	1968 Suisse Open Gstaad	tennis
sport	Yau-Man Chan (born August 26, 1952) is a Malaysian-American table tennis player, technology executive, and reality television participant.	Yau-Man Chan	table tennis
sport	Jack Stone was an American professional basketball player.	Jack Stone	basketball
sport	The Asian Chess Championship is a chess tournament open to all players from Asian chess federations.	Asian Chess Championship	chess
sport	Andrea Benatti (born 8 November 1979 in Viadana) is an Italian rugby union player who last played for Aironi in the Pro 12 in Italy.	Andrea Benatti	rugby union
sport	The Billings Bighorns were a junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League who played from 1977 to 1982.	Billings Bighorns	ice hockey
sport	The Northern Virginia Eagles are a semi-professional rugby league team based in Manassas, Virginia, U.S. The club currently plays in the USA Rugby League (USARL) for the 2014 season.	Northern Virginia Eagles	rugby league
sport	Mikko Esko (born September 3, 1978 in Vammala, Finland) is a Finnish volleyball player, a member of Finland men's national volleyball team and Turkish club Halkbank Ankara.	Mikko Esko	volleyball
sport	Marco Charpentier (born January 23, 1980) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward, who's semi-professional rights are owned by Sorel-Tracy Éperviers in the LNAH.	Marco Charpentier	ice hockey
sport	Tony Ferris was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.	Tony Ferris	association football
sport	The St. John's IceCaps are a professional ice hockey team based in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	St. John's IceCaps	ice hockey
sport	Tomčo Sokolov (born March 1, 1984) is a Macedonian professional basketball Power forward who last played for Kozuv in Macedonia.	Tomčo Sokolov	basketball
sport	Merab Gagunashvili (Georgian: მერაბ გაგუნაშვილი; born 3 January 1985, Tbilisi) is a Georgian chess grandmaster and Georgian champion in 2004 and 2010.	Merab Gagunashvili	chess
sport	Jiang Fan (Chinese: 江帆 ; born 16 September 1989) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in the 110 metres hurdles.	Jiang Fan	track and field
sport	The 2011 Berlin Marathon was the 38th edition of the annual marathon event and was held on Sunday 25 September on the streets of Berlin, Germany.	2011 Berlin Marathon	marathon
sport	Doug McEwen (born October 2, 1963 in Elliot Lake, Ontario) is a professional ice hockey player who recently retired from British Ice Hockey League.	Doug McEwen	ice hockey
sport	The 1990 ATP Championship Series, Single Week was a series of tennis tournament that was part of the 1990 ATP Tour, the elite tour for professional men's tennis organised by the Association of Tennis Professionals.	1990 ATP Championship Series, Single Week	tennis
sport	Jamie Carroll (born October 25, 1983) is an American professional ice hockey player who plays right wing.	Jamie Carroll	ice hockey
sport	Simon Parke (born 8 October 1972, in Oakham, Rutland, United Kingdom) is a professional squash player from England.	Simon Parke	squash
sport	The Dubai Marathon (official name Standard Chartered Dubai Marathon) is an annual marathon running race held in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates.	Dubai Marathon	marathon
sport	Roberto Landi (born January 2, 1956 in Forlì) is an Italian association football manager, who last managed the Liberia national football team.	Roberto Landi	association football
sport	Marcus Monk (born April 26, 1986 in Lepanto, Arkansas) is an American football wide receiver who is currently a free agent.	Marcus Monk	American football
sport	Dwight Buycks (/ˈbaɪks/; born March 6, 1989) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Fujian Sturgeons of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA).	Dwight Buycks	basketball
sport	Per Henrik Magnus Larsson (born 25 March 1970 in Olofström, Blekinge, Sweden) is a former professional tennis player from Sweden.	Magnus Larsson	tennis
sport	The UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup is a season-long competition in cyclo-cross, organised by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).	UCI Cyclo-cross World Cup	cyclo-cross
sport	The Spanish Chess Championship is contested annually under the auspices of the Federación Española de Ajedrez (FEDA), the governing body of chess in Spain, to determine the nation's chess champion.	Spanish Chess Championship	chess
sport	Arash Keshavarzi (Persian: آرش کشاورزی‎, born 1987 in Tehran) is a volleyball player from Iran, who plays as an outside hitter for the Men's National Team and Shahrdari Tabriz in Iranian Volleyball Super League.	Arash Keshavarzi	volleyball
sport	FC Ismaning is a German association football club based in Ismaning by Munich, Bavaria.	FC Ismaning	association football
sport	The 1981 Avon Championships were the tenth WTA Tour Championships, the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1981 WTA Tour.	1981 Avon Championships	tennis
sport	The Congressional Baseball Game is an annual baseball game played each summer by members of the United States Congress.	Congressional Baseball Game	baseball
sport	Huddinge IK (or Huddinge Hockey), is a Swedish ice hockey team from Huddinge, a southern suburb of Stockholm.	Huddinge IK	ice hockey
sport	Yekaterina Mironova (sometimes listed as Ekaterina Mironova born November 3, 1977) is a Russian skeleton racer who competed from 2000 to 2007.	Yekaterina Mironova	skeleton
sport	The 2013 German Figure Skating Championships (German: Deutsche Meisterschaften im Eiskunstlaufen 2013) was the national competition in the 2012--2013 figure skating season.	2013 German Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	The Woodies was the nickname given to the professional tennis doubles pairing of Australians Todd Woodbridge and Mark Woodforde, which was one of the most successful pairings in tennis history.	The Woodies	tennis
sport	TuRa Leipzig was a German association football club active before World War II from the city of Leipzig, Saxony.	TuRa Leipzig	association football
sport	Shauna Mullin (born 11 September 1984) is a British beach volleyball player, and former Scottish national indoor volleyball player.	Shauna Mullin	beach volleyball
sport	Freddie Mwila (born 6 July 1946) is a Zambian former association football player and coach.	Freddie Mwila	association football
sport	Jan Långbacka (born April 12, 1968 in Espoo, Finland) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the SM-Liiga.	Jan Långbacka	ice hockey
sport	Henrik Dettmann (born 5 April 1958) is a Finnish professional basketball coach who currently serve as a head coach of the Turkish Basketball League team Beşiktaş Sompo Japan and the Finnish national basketball team.	Henrik Dettmann	basketball
sport	Sam Cordingley (born 20 March 1976 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a former Australian rugby union footballer and member of the Wallabies.	Sam Cordingley	rugby union
sport	The Ancona Open is a defunct tennis tournament that was played on the Grand Prix tennis circuit for one year in 1982.	Ancona Open	tennis
sport	Västanfors IF, nicknamed Västanfläkt (``the Western Wind''), is a sports club in Fagersta, Sweden, mainly concentrated on playing bandy, and soccer, earlier even floorball.	Västanfors IF	bandy	floorball
sport	Dan Bjornlie (born October 17, 1977, in Eagan, Minnesota) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who last played competitively with the Vienna Capitals of the Erste Bank Hockey League.	Dan Bjornlie	ice hockey
sport	The Barrie Flyers were a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey Association from 1945 to 1960, from Barrie, Ontario.	Barrie Flyers	ice hockey
sport	The 2008 Kangaroo Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor carpet courts.	2008 Kangaroo Cup	tennis
sport	Max Newcombe was an amateur tennis player who competed in the 1930s and '40s.	Max Newcombe	tennis
sport	The 2002 Britannic Asset Management International Championships was a women's tennis tournament played on grass courts at the Eastbourne Tennis Centre in Eastbourne in the United Kingdom that was part of Tier II of the 2002 WTA Tour.	2002 Britannic Asset Management International Championships	tennis
sport	The Sainte-Marie Poutrelles Delta were a Canadian minor pro ice hockey team in Sainte-Marie, Quebec.	Sainte-Marie Poutrelles Delta	ice hockey
sport	Mary Hamm (born Mary Zorn, 12 April 1982) is an American athlete who competes in compound archery.	Mary Hamm	archery
sport	Abdi Jama (born 1 November 1982) is a Somali British wheelchair basketball player.	Abdi Jama	basketball
sport	The Le Mat Trophy (Swedish: Le Mat-pokalen) is the trophy awarded to Swedish champions in ice hockey, which since 1975 has been the winners of the SHL playoffs.	Le Mat Trophy	ice hockey
sport	Otto Rüster (Ruester, Ruster) (1895--??) was a German chess master.	Otto Rüster	chess
sport	The RSV Lahn-Dill (shortened: Wheelchair sport association Lahn-Dill, in German: Rollstuhl Sport Verein Lahn-Dill) is an association for wheelchair basketball in Wetzlar.	RSV Lahn-Dill	basketball
sport	The Detroit Pistons are an American professional basketball team based in Auburn Hills, Michigan, a suburb of Detroit.	Detroit Pistons	basketball
sport	Sergey Yuryevich Stepanov (Russian: Серге́й Ю́рьевич Степа́нов; born 16 April 1995) is a Russian professional association football player.	Sergey Yuryevich Stepanov	association football
sport	The Full Members Cup was an association football cup competition held in English football from 1985 to 1992.	Full Members Cup	association football
sport	Tutti-Frutti Chess is a chess variant invented by Ralph Betza and Philip Cohen in 1978.	Tutti-Frutti Chess	chess
sport	The UWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Championship (Campeonato Mundia de Peso Completo Junior UWA in Spanish) is a professional wrestling championship that was originally promoted by the Mexican lucha libre Professional wrestling) promotion Universal Wrestling Association (UWA).	UWA World Junior Light Heavyweight Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The Clarkson Cup is an ice hockey trophy, which since 2009 has been awarded to the winner of the Canadian Women's Hockey Championship.	Clarkson Cup	ice hockey
sport	Liveris Andritsos (Greek: Λιβέρης Ανδρίτσος; born December 31, 1959 in Athens, Greece) is a retired Greek professional basketball player.	Liveris Andritsos	basketball
sport	Wellington Olympic AFC is an semi-professional association football (soccer) club in Wellington, New Zealand.	Wellington Olympic AFC	association football
sport	Brad Gilbert (born August 9, 1961) is an American tennis coach, a television tennis commentator, an author and former professional tennis player.	Brad Gilbert	tennis
sport	Vlade Đurović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владе Ђуровић; born May 16, 1948) is a Serbian former basketball player and current basketball coach.	Vlade Đurović	basketball
sport	The 1999 Tournament of the Americas, known now as the FIBA Americas Championship (as also known as Las Americas Tournament for Men, the FIBA Americas Olympic Qualifying Tournament, or Panamerican Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Men) was a basketball championship hosted by Puerto Rico from July 14 to July 25, 1999.	1999 Tournament of the Americas	basketball
sport	Georgios Georgakis (alternate spellings: Giorgos, George, Yiorgos) (Greek: Γιώργος Γεωργάκης; born March 18, 1991 in Maroussi, Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player.	Georgios Georgakis	basketball
sport	Al Osborne (born 8 March 1947 in Weston, Ontario) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey player who was selected in the first round (4th overall) of the 1963 NHL Amateur Draft.	Al Osborne	ice hockey
sport	The annual NCAA Division I Women's Lacrosse Championship tournament has determined the top women's lacrosse team in the NCAA Division I since 1982.	NCAA Division I Women's Lacrosse Championship	lacrosse
sport	The Brampton Battalion was a junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League.	Brampton Battalion	ice hockey
sport	Fu Haifeng (born August 23, 1983 in Jieyang, Guangdong) is a Chinese badminton player from China.	Fu Haifeng	badminton
sport	The Algerian Women's Volleyball League is the highest professional women's volleyball league in Algeria.	Algerian Women's Volleyball League	volleyball
sport	Stade Bagnérais is a French rugby union club currently competing at the fourth level of the French league system (Fédérale 1).	Stade Bagnérais	rugby union
sport	Aironi Rugby (Italian pronunciation: (aiˈroni), ``herons'') was an Italian professional rugby union team competing in the RaboDirect Pro12 and the Heineken Cup, representing the Italian regions of Lombardy and Emilia-Romagna.	Aironi	rugby union
sport	Jacob Holmes (born 14 August 1983) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played 14 seasons in the National Basketball League (NBL).	Jacob Holmes	basketball
sport	The Valencia Open, formerly known as Open de Tenis Comunidad Valenciana, was a professional men's tennis tournament played in Valencia, Spain.	Valencia Open	tennis
sport	Paul Rabil (born December 14, 1985), is an American professional lacrosse player with the New York Lizards of Major League Lacrosse.	Paul Rabil	lacrosse
sport	The Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds (aka Soo Greyhounds) are a major junior ice hockey team in the Ontario Hockey League.	Sault Ste. Marie Greyhounds	ice hockey
sport	Coors Field is a baseball park located in Denver, Colorado.	Coors Field	baseball
sport	The 2013 PDC World Youth Championship was the third edition of the PDC World Youth Championship, a tournament organised by the Professional Darts Corporation for darts players aged between 14 and 21.	2013 PDC World Youth Championship	darts
sport	Alexandra Carpenter (born April 13, 1994) is an American ice hockey player and a member of the 2014 United States Olympic team.	Alexandra Carpenter	ice hockey
sport	The OFC Nations Cup is an international association football tournament held among the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) member nations.	OFC Nations Cup	association football
sport	Asier García Pereiro (born June 11, 1981) is a wheelchair basketball player from Spain.	Asier García	basketball
sport	William Garrett Reynolds (born July 1, 1987) is an American football offensive Guard for the Los Angeles Rams in the National Football League (NFL).	Garrett Reynolds	American football
sport	The FIVB Volleyball Men's U23 World Championship is a men's under-23 only international volleyball tournament.	FIVB Volleyball Men's U23 World Championship	volleyball
sport	Denicos Allen (born August 9, 1990) is an American football linebacker who currently plays for the Saskatchewan Roughrideers (CFL).	Denicos Allen	American football
sport	The Milan Kosanovic Cup is an international rugby league football competition played between the Russia Bears, Ukraine and Serbia.	Milan Kosanovic Cup	rugby
sport	Trent Merrin (born 7 October 1989) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League.	Trent Merrin	rugby league
sport	The 2009 Indian Premier League Final was a day/night Twenty20 cricket match played between the Deccan Chargers and the Royal Challengers Bangalore on 24 May 2009 at the New Wanderers Stadium, Johannesburg to determine the winner of the 2009 Indian Premier League, a professional Twenty20 cricket league in India.	2009 Indian Premier League Final	cricket
sport	Johan Christian Drejer (born December 8, 1982) is a retired Danish professional basketball player who in March 2008 was released from his contract with Virtus Roma and is a former player of SISU Copenhagen, the Florida Gators, Winterthur FCB and Virtus Bologna.	Christian Drejer	basketball
sport	Jason McElwain, nicknamed ``J-Mac'', (born October 1, 1987) is an American high-functioning autistic amateur athlete, in both basketball and marathon, and public speaker.	Jason McElwain	basketball
sport	Irina-Camelia Begu (born 26 August 1990) is a professional Romanian tennis player who is currently ranked no. 26.	Irina-Camelia Begu	tennis
sport	SG BBM Bietigheim is a German handball club from Bietigheim with teams playing in the Handball-Bundesliga Frauen.	SG BBM Bietigheim	handball
sport	BC Dynamo Saint Petersburg was a Russian professional basketball club based in Saint Petersburg.	BC Dynamo Saint Petersburg	basketball
sport	Tavares Gooden (born October 7, 1984) is an American football linebacker who is currently a free agent of the National Football League.	Tavares Gooden	American football
sport	Mateusz Mika (born 21 January 1991) is a Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland men's national volleyball team and Polish club Lotos Trefl Gdańsk, 2014 World Champion, a bronze medalist of the 2011 European Championship, Polish Champion (2012).	Mateusz Mika	volleyball
sport	Joaquim Videira started fencing under the direction of his coach, the Hélder Alves.	Joaquim Videira	fencing
sport	The 2007 Swedish International in badminton was held in Täby, Stockholm, from January 25 to January 28, 2007.	2007 Swedish International	badminton
sport	Matej Rojc is a Slovenian professional basketball player currently playing for Krka.	Matej Rojc	basketball
sport	Jared Ross (born September 18, 1982) is an American professional ice hockey center who plays for ERC Ingolstadt of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Jared Ross	ice hockey
sport	Abdelmalek Slahdji (born 8 August 1983) is an Algerian handball goalkeeper for GS Pétroliers.	Abdelmalek Slahdji	handball
sport	The Old Ignatians' Rugby Football Club is a rugby union club which plays in the New South Wales Suburban Rugby Union and is based in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Old Ignatians' Rugby Football Club	rugby union
sport	Andrew Sznajder (pronounced: shnigh-der) (born 25 May 1967 in Preston, Lancashire) is a former Canadian professional tour tennis player.	Andrew Sznajder	tennis
sport	The 2012 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters was a tennis tournament played at the Monte Carlo Country Club, in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco.	2012 Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters	tennis
sport	Basket Zaragoza 2002, S. A. D., more commonly known as CAI Zaragoza by sponsorship reasons, is a professional basketball team based in Zaragoza, Spain, who currently plays in Liga ACB and Eurocup.	Basket Zaragoza 2002	basketball
sport	Hammarby IF Handboll is the handball section of Swedish sports club Hammarby IF from Stockholm.	Hammarby IF Handboll	handball
sport	The 2011 Wales Rally GB, formally the 67th Wales Rally of Great Britain, was the thirteenth and final round of the 2011 World Rally Championship season.	2011 Wales Rally GB	2011 World Rally Championship season
sport	The Turin Marathon (Italian: Maratona di Torino Gran Premio La Stampa) is an annual marathon race which takes place in Turin, Italy in November.	Turin Marathon	marathon
sport	Mark Yee (born January 4, 1982 in Sagay City, Negros Occidental, Philippines) is a Filipino professional basketball player who plays for Mahindra Enforcer in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Mark Yee	basketball
sport	The Richmond Sockeyes are a junior ``B'' ice hockey team based in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.	Richmond Sockeyes	ice hockey
sport	Winston Moss (born December 24, 1965) is a former American football linebacker and current assistant head coach / linebackers coach for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League.	Winston Moss	American football
sport	K. Tubantia Borgerhout V.K. is a Belgian association football club from the town of Borgerhout in the municipality of Antwerp.	K. Tubantia Borgerhout V.K.	association football
sport	Alex Dunn (born January 26, 1982 in Waterford, Michigan) is an American former professional ice hockey player who played in the ECHL, the Central Hockey League, and the Elite Ice Hockey League.	Alex Dunn	ice hockey
sport	Randall Jai Miller (born January 17, 1985) is a former American professional baseball outfielder.	Jai Miller	baseball
sport	Joan Plaza Durán (b. December 26, 1963) is a Spanish basketball head coach for the Liga ACB team Unicaja.	Joan Plaza	basketball
sport	Kaspars Kambala (born December 13, 1978) is a Latvian professional basketball player and a former professional boxer.	Kaspars Kambala	basketball
sport	The 2006 World Baseball Classic was the inaugural tournament between national baseball teams that included players from Major League Baseball.	2006 World Baseball Classic	baseball
sport	The Super Six World Boxing Classic was a 2009 through 2011 super middleweight boxing tournament organized by Showtime television network in co-operation with Sauerland Event.	Super Six World Boxing Classic	boxing
sport	Botnia-69 is a Finnish bandy club in Helsinki.	Botnia-69	bandy
sport	Natalia Hanikoğlu (born 23 June 1975 in Moscow-Russia) is a Turkish-Russian volleyball player.	Natalia Hanikoğlu	volleyball
sport	Su Li-wen (Chinese: 蘇麗文; pinyin: Sū Lìwén; born December 13, 1980) is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner.	Su Li-wen	taekwondo
sport	The Hero World Challenge is a golf tournament hosted by Tiger Woods, which takes place each December.	Hero World Challenge	golf
sport	Bryson Goodwin (born 30 December 1985) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer for the South Sydney Rabbitohs of the National Rugby League.	Bryson Goodwin	rugby league
sport	Juan Carlos Báguena (born 7 January 1967) is a tennis coach and former professional tennis player from Spain.	Juan Carlos Báguena	tennis
sport	The 2003 AP Tourism Hyderabad Open was the first edition of the WTA tournament held in Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh, India organized for women's professional tennis.	2003 AP Tourism Hyderabad Open	tennis
sport	Casey Powell (born February 18, 1976) is an American professional lacrosse player from West Carthage, New York.	Casey Powell	lacrosse
sport	Patrick Chila (born 27 November 1969 in Ris-Orangis, Essonne) is a French table tennis player who has competed at five Olympics from 1992 to 2008.	Patrick Chila	table tennis
sport	Jeff Hoad (born January 26, 1973) is a Canadian-British former professional ice hockey player.	Jeff Hoad	ice hockey
sport	Frank Hadden (born 14 June 1954) is a Scottish rugby union coach.	Frank Hadden	rugby union
sport	Fran Marshall (born 12 May 1930) is a retired squash player from England.	Fran Marshall	squash
sport	Kultainen kypärä (``the Golden Helmet'') is an ice hockey award given to the best player in the Finnish Liiga.	Kultainen kypärä	ice hockey
sport	West Coast Rugby League (WCRL) is the local sporting body responsible for the administration of rugby league in the West Coast region of New Zealand.	West Coast Rugby League	rugby league
sport	The Brussels Marathon is an annual AIMS-certified marathon hosted by Brussels, Belgium and usually held in the autumn.	Brussels Marathon	marathon
sport	The Handball League of Serbia (Serbian: Rukometna liga Srbije, Рукометна лига Србије) is the top men's handball league in Serbia.	Handball League of Serbia	handball
sport	Charles Brandon Inge (/ˈɪndʒ/ INJ; born May 19, 1977) is a former American professional baseball third baseman and catcher.	Brandon Inge	baseball
sport	South London Storm is a rugby league club who play and train at Archbishop Lanfranc School in the London Borough of Croydon, they currently compete in the London and South East Merit League.	South London Storm	rugby league
sport	Kelly Williams (born February 7, 1982) is a Filipino-American professional basketball player currently playing for the TNT Tropang Texters in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Kelly Williams	basketball
sport	Arturo Bonet Polledo (? -- ?) was a Spanish chess master.	Arturo Bonet	chess
sport	The 2007 Tri Nations Series was an annual rugby union competition between the national teams of Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.	2007 Tri Nations Series	rugby union
sport	Danielle Henderson (born January 29, 1977) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed softball pitcher and current head coach originally from Commack, New York.	Danielle Henderson	softball
sport	FC Spartak Rybnoye (Russian: ``Спартак'' (Рыбное)) was an association football team from Rybnoye, Ryazan Oblast, Russia.	FC Spartak Rybnoye	association football
sport	Raja Sami Ullah (born 1979) is a Pakistani polo player.	Raja Sami Ullah	polo
sport	Jannik Freese (born 13 August 1986) is a German professional basketball player who plays for Eisbären Bremerhaven of Germany's Basketball Bundesliga.	Jannik Freese	basketball
sport	Phillip Leuluai (born 16 July 1977 in Greenlake, Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby league player of Samoan heritage and descent who currently plays for the Salford City Reds in the Super League competition.	Phillip Leuluai	rugby league
sport	K.R. Basket Reykjavík is a professional basketball team of Icelandic Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur, based in Reykjavík.	K.R. Basket Reykjavík	basketball
sport	George Chalkley (born 1883, date of death unknown) was an English association football player who played as a centre-half for West Ham United.	George Chalkley	association football
sport	The Otago Nuggets were a New Zealand professional basketball team that played in the National Basketball League (NBL).	Otago Nuggets	basketball
sport	Telekom Baku formerly known as Rabita Baku, is an Azerbaijani women's volleyball club.	Telekom Baku	volleyball
sport	Shigeyuki Aikyo (Japanese: 愛敬 重之; born 29 January 1964) is a Japanese former track and field athlete who specialised in the 3000 metres steeplechase.	Shigeyuki Aikyo	track and field
sport	The 1998 Intersport Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg in Germany and was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour.	1998 Intersport Grand Prix	tennis
sport	HSG Wetzlar is a professional handball club from Wetzlar, Germany.	HSG Wetzlar	handball
sport	Marc Cécillon (born 30 July 1959 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a former French rugby union player, who captained the national side on five occasions.	Marc Cécillon	rugby union
sport	The NWL Ladies Championship is the top women's professional wrestling title in the National Wrestling League promotion.	NWL Ladies Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Mike Tyson vs. Tyrell Biggs, billed as ``The Clash for the Crown'', was a professional boxing match contested on October 16, 1987 for the Undisputed Heavyweight Championship, which consists of the WBA, WBC and IBF Heavyweight Championships.	Mike Tyson vs. Tyrell Biggs	boxing
sport	Nemani Nadolo (formerly Ratu Nasiganiyavi) (born 31 January 1988) is a Fijian rugby union player.	Nemani Nadolo	rugby union
sport	Andrei Volokitin (Ukrainian: Андрій Волокітін, Andriy Volokitin; born 18 June 1986 in Lviv) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster.	Andrei Volokitin	chess
sport	The Danish Ladies Masters, known for sponsorship reason as the Nykredit Masters, was a women's professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that took place in Denmark.	Danish Ladies Masters	golf
sport	Pierre Guillemin (13 September 1887 -- 18 August 1915) was a French rugby union player, who represented France, Paris and Racing Club de France (RCF).	Pierre Guillemin	rugby union
sport	The San Rafael Pacifics is a professional baseball team based in San Rafael, California, United States and are a charter franchise of the four-team Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs, an independent professional baseball circuit not affiliated with Major League Baseball.	San Rafael Pacifics	baseball
sport	Chris Timberlake (born April 28, 1985) is a Filipino-American basketball player who plays for the NLEX Road Warriors in the Philippine Basketball Association.	Chris Timberlake	basketball
sport	Jean-Baptiste Poux (born 26 September 1979 in Béziers, Hérault) is a French rugby union footballer who plays as a prop, and is capable of playing loosehead and tighthead.	Jean-Baptiste Poux	rugby union
sport	Tillakaratne Mudiyanselage Dilshan, (Sinhalese: තිලකරත්න ඩිල්ෂාන්; born 14 October 1976) or popularly as Tillakaratne Dilshan, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer and a former captain of the Sri Lanka national cricket team in all formats.	Tillakaratne Dilshan	cricket
sport	The Olympic Club of Washington, D.C., or Washington Olympics, was an early professional baseball team.	Washington Olympics	baseball
sport	Chin Min Dragons UBC Sankt Pölten -- or UBC Sankt Pölten which is used more frequently -- is a professional basketball club based in Sankt Pölten, Austria.	Chin Min Dragons UBC Sankt Pölten	basketball
sport	The 1990 WTA Tour is the elite professional tennis circuit organized by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) for the 1990 tennis season.	1990 WTA Tour	tennis
sport	Aurelio Rodríguez Ituarte, Jr. (December 28, 1947 -- September 23, 2000), was a Mexican professional baseball player.	Aurelio Rodríguez	baseball
sport	The 1975 World Ice Hockey Championships were the 42nd Ice Hockey World Championships and the 53rd European Championships of ice hockey.	1975 World Ice Hockey Championships	ice hockey
sport	Mirjana Beronja (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирјана Бероња; born July 12, 1986) is a Serbian women's basketball player.	Mirjana Beronja	basketball
sport	Adrián García Conde (4 May 1886 -- 13 May 1943) was a Mexican-British chess master.	Adrián García Conde	chess
sport	Paterika Vaivai (born 14 February 1992) is a Samoan professional rugby league footballer.	Paterika Vaivai	rugby league
sport	Dayton Area Rugby Club is a rugby union football club based in Dayton, Ohio, United States.	Dayton Area Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The Singapore Chess Federation (Abbreviation: SCF) is the principal authority over all chess events in Singapore, and was founded in 1949.	Singapore Chess Federation	chess
sport	Jan Bens (15 April 1921 -- 12 May 2012) was a Dutch professional association football player and coach; he was also an amateur boxer and trainer.	Jan Bens	association football
sport	The American Chess Congress was a series of chess tournaments held in the United States, a predecessor to the current U.S. Chess Championship.	American Chess Congress	chess
sport	The 101st Grey Cup was a Canadian football game played between the East Division champion Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the West Division champion Saskatchewan Roughriders of the Canadian Football League to decide the Grey Cup champions of the 2013 season.	101st Grey Cup	Canadian football
sport	Pape Badiane (born February 10, 1980) is a French professional basketball player who played 23 times for the men's French national basketball team between 2007 and 2008.	Pape Badiane	basketball
sport	Daniel Te'o-Nesheim (/tʌˌoʊnɛˈsiːm/; born Daniel Nesheim on June 12, 1987) is an American football defensive end who is currently a free agent.	Daniel Te'o-Nesheim	American football
sport	Lenny Lyles (January 26, 1936 -- November 20, 2011) was a professional American football defensive back who played 12 seasons in the National Football League (NFL).	Lenny Lyles	American football
sport	Lionel Torres (born 16 March 1975 in Perpignan, France), is a French athlete who competes in recurve archery.	Lionel Torres	archery
sport	Mark Sugden (11 February 1902 - 21 January 1990) was an Irish rugby union player, and rugby author.	Mark Sugden	rugby union
sport	Manuel de Gomar (Spanish pronunciation: (ma'nwel de 'gomaɾ); 21 September 1897 -- January 1935) was a Spanish tennis player active mainly at the beginning of the 1920s.	Manuel de Gomar	tennis
sport	The Oceania Baseball Championship is contested between participating baseball federations in Oceania.	Oceania Baseball Championship	baseball
sport	Przemysław Krajewski (born 20 January 1987) is a Polish handball player, a member of Poland national handball team and Polish club KS Azoty-Puławy, bronze medalist of the World Championship 2015.	Przemysław Krajewski	handball
sport	The Ulster Cricket Club, formed in 1873 is a former Irish cricket club based in Ballynafeigh, Belfast.	Ulster Cricket Club	cricket
sport	Mouni Abderrahim (born November 19, 1985, in Béjaïa) is an Algerian volleyball player.	Mouni Abderrahim	volleyball
sport	The Chicoutimi Saguenéens are a junior ice hockey team which plays in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League (QMJHL).	Chicoutimi Saguenéens	ice hockey
sport	Pierre Walters (born March 25, 1986) is a former American football defensive end.	Pierre Walters	American football
sport	La Tablada Rugby Club, or simply Club La Tablada, is a rugby union and field hockey club based in the city of Córdoba, Argentina.	Club La Tablada	rugby union
sport	The Shellharbour City Dragons are an Australian rugby league football club based in the Shellharbour, New South Wales.	Shellharbour City Dragons	rugby league
sport	Daniel Harrwitz (29 April 1823 -- 9 January 1884) was a Jewish German chess master.	Daniel Harrwitz	chess
sport	Dušan Ristić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Ристић, born November 27, 1995) is a Serbian basketball player, who currently plays college basketball as a sophomore for the Arizona Wildcats.	Dušan Ristić	basketball
sport	Vladimir Peshekhonov (Пешехонов, Владимир Игоревич ; born December 3, 1993) is a Russian ice hockey player.	Vladimir Peshekhonov	ice hockey
sport	Donnette Jé-Michelle Snow (born March 20, 1980) is an American professional basketball player from the WNBA.	Michelle Snow	basketball
sport	The Junior Women's Hockey League is an ice hockey league established in 2007 (by Bill Driscoll and Kush Sidhu, coaches of North American Hockey Academy and the Washington Pride, respectively), in order to provide opportunities for young females to develop into collegiate student-athletes.	Junior Women's Hockey League	ice hockey
sport	The 1989 Great American Bank Classic was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the La Costa Resort and Spa in San Diego, California in the United States that was part of Tier IV of the 1989 WTA Tour.	1989 Great American Bank Classic	tennis
sport	Astou Ndiaye-Diatta (born 5 November 1973) is a retired Senegalese women's basketball player.	Astou Ndiaye-Diatta	basketball
sport	The San Francisco Giants are an American baseball team.	San Francisco Giants	baseball	baseball
sport	Gregor Baumgartner (born July 13, 1979) is an Austrian former professional ice hockey winger who played the last 9 seasons of his career for EHC Black Wings Linz in the Erste Bank Eishockey Liga.	Gregor Baumgartner	ice hockey
sport	Anthony Fainga'a (born 2 February 1987) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer.	Anthony Fainga'a	rugby union
sport	The Atlanta Renegades Rugby Football Club (also known as The 'Gades), founded in 1971, is a premier D1 men's rugby union team based in Atlanta, Georgia, USA.	Atlanta Renegades	rugby union
sport	Nathalie Dielen (born March 18, 1966, 163 cm / 5'4``, 73 kg / 161 lbs) is an athlete from Switzerland who competes in archery.	Nathalie Dielen	archery
sport	Maxim Rodshtein (Russian: Максим Эдуардович Родштейн, Maksim Eduardovich Rodshtein; Hebrew: מקסים רודשטיין‎; born 19 January 1989 in Leningrad) is an Israeli chess grandmaster (since 2007).	Maxim Rodshtein	chess
sport	Zoltán Halmay, who was a double Olympic champion, was the most successful sportsman in freestyle swimming.	Zoltán Halmay	swimming
sport	A.S.D. Fersina Perginese is an Italian association football, and the major football club in Pergine Valsugana, Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.	A.S.D. Fersina Perginese	association football
sport	Born in Kongsberg, Asbjørn Ruud, with his brothers Birger and Sigmund, dominated international ski jumping in the 1930s.	Asbjørn Ruud	ski jumping
sport	Brydan Klein (born 31 December 1989) is an Australian-born British professional tennis player.	Brydan Klein	tennis
sport	Jan Gunnarsson (born 30 May 1962) is a former tennis player from Sweden, who won one singles in Vienna in 1985 (beating Libor Pimek in the final) and nine doubles titles on the world tour during his professional career.	Jan Gunnarsson	tennis
sport	Delano Thomas (born January 26, 1983 in Berkeley, California is an American indoor volleyball player, who played as a middle hitter for the U.S. National Team. He was named Best Server at the 2007 Pan American Games, where Team USA claimed the silver medal in the men's team tournament.	Delano Thomas	volleyball
sport	Bronta Laron Profit (born August 5, 1977) is an American professional basketball coach and former player.	Laron Profit	basketball
sport	Stephen Drew Sutton (born June 30, 1983) is an American former professional baseball infielder and outfielder.	Drew Sutton	baseball
sport	Will Taʻufoʻou (pronounced tau-FOE-oh; born June 19, 1986) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent.	Will Taʻufoʻou	American football
sport	The 2011 Open de Nice Côte d'Azur was a men's tennis tournament play on outdoor clay courts.	2011 Open de Nice Côte d'Azur	tennis
sport	VC CSKA Sofia, is a professional volleyball team based in Sofia, Bulgaria.	VC CSKA Sofia	volleyball
sport	Ammar Al-Tamimi (born September 12, 1988) is a professional squash player who represents Kuwait.	Ammar Al-Tamimi	squash
sport	Reinhold Soyka (born 22 March 1952) is a retired West German middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Reinhold Soyka	800 metres
sport	The 2012 Valencia Open 500 was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts.	2012 Valencia Open 500	tennis
sport	Roberto Andrew ``Rob'' Sidoli (born 21 June 1979), also known as Robert Sidoli, is a former Welsh international rugby union player.	Robert Sidoli	rugby union
sport	Leon Boyd (born August 30, 1983 in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a Canadian-born Dutch baseball player currently playing for Corendon Kinheim in the Honkbal Hoofdklasse.	Leon Boyd	baseball
sport	Henry Osinde (born 17 October 1978) is a Ugandan-born Canadian cricketer who plays ODI cricket as a right-arm medium-fast bowler.	Henry Osinde	cricket
sport	The Milwaukee Falcons were a minor league professional ice hockey team, based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, that played in the International Hockey League from 1959 to 1960.	Milwaukee Falcons	ice hockey
sport	Ng Tat Wai (born 5 September 1947 in Penang) was one of the top badminton players during the 1970s.	Ng Tat Wai	badminton
sport	Penda Sy (born April 29 1984 in Loudeac, France) is a French basketball player who played 6 times for the French women's national basketball team in 2004.	Penda Sy	basketball
sport	The 1992 Benson and Hedges Open was a men's ATP men's tennis tournament held in Auckland, New Zealand and played on outdoor hard courts.	1992 Benson and Hedges Open	tennis
spouse	Bruttia Crispina (164 -- 191 AD) was Roman Empress from 178 to 191 as the consort of Roman Emperor Commodus.	Bruttia Crispina	Commodus
spouse	Phil Silvers was married twice, to Evelyn Patrick and to Jo-Carroll Dennison.	Phil Silvers	Jo-Carroll Dennison
voice type	Doreen Hume (born July 14, 1926) is a Canadian soprano soloist who performed in North America and Europe from the 1940s through to the 1970s.	Doreen Hume	soprano
voice type	Antonietta Fricci (born Antonie Frietsche) (8 January 1840 -- 7 September 1912) was an Austrian-born opera singer known for her performances in leading soprano and mezzo-soprano roles in the opera houses of Europe.	Antonietta Fricci	soprano	mezzo-soprano
