constellation	Gamma Serpentis (γ Serpentis, γ Ser) is a star in the equatorial constellation Serpens, in the part of the constellation that represents the serpent's head (Serpens Caput).	Gamma Serpentis	Serpens
languages spoken or written	Jean Puy (8 November 1876, Roanne, Loire -- 6 March 1960, Roanne) was a French Fauvist artist.	Jean Puy	French
languages spoken or written	Mary Webb (25 March 1881 -- 8 October 1927) was an English romantic novelist and poet of the early 20th century, whose work is set chiefly in the Shropshire countryside and among Shropshire characters and people which she knew.	Mary Webb	English
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid-Hudson Bridge (officially the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Mid-Hudson Bridge) is a toll suspension bridge which carries US 44 and NY 55 across the Hudson River between Poughkeepsie and Highland in the state of New York.	Mid-Hudson Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velykyi Bychkiv (Ukrainian: Великий Бичків; Rusyn: Великый Бичкôв; Hungarian: Nagybocskó, Nagybocska; Romanian: Bocicoiu Mare; Slovak: Veľký Bočkov, Bočková) is an urban-type settlement in Rakhiv Raion (district) of Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Velykyi Bychkiv	Rakhiv Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomigacze (pɔmiˈɡat͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pomigacze	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality (formerly Greater Groblersdal Local Municipality) is located in the Sekhukhune District Municipality of Limpopo province, South Africa.	Elias Motsoaledi Local Municipality	Sekhukhune District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Langley Park School for Girls (also known as Langley Park Girls' School, LPGS, or just Langley Girls) is a girls' secondary academy school in Beckenham in the London Borough of Bromley, England, with a mixed-sex sixth form.	Langley Park School for Girls	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jane & Gerry Swan Track at Rotary Stadium is a fully lighted, multi-purpose stadium located in Abbotsford, British Columbia.	Rotary Stadium	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentonville High School (BHS) is a comprehensive public high school in Bentonville, Arkansas, Secondary education in the United States.	Bentonville High School	Bentonville, Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yongsheng County (永胜县; Pinyin: Yǒngshèng Xiàn) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture, Yunnan, China.	Yongsheng County	Lijiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge (MVNWR) is a protected wildlife refuge administered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, located in the Warm Springs Natural Area in the Moapa Valley of Clark County, Nevada.	Moapa Valley National Wildlife Refuge	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skuleskogen National Park is in the municipalities of Örnsköldsvik and Kramfors, both of Västernorrland County, both in the historical Swedish province of Ångermanland.	Skuleskogen National Park	Örnsköldsvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowpam-e Pansar 5 (Persian: موتوپم پنثر5‎, also Romanized as Mowtowpam-e Pans̱ar 5) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowpam-e Pansar 5	Arzuiyeh Rural District
named after	The P-15 Termit (Russian: П-15 ``Термит''; English: termite) is an anti-ship missile developed by the Soviet Union's Raduga design bureau in the 1950s.	P-15 Termit	termite
narrative location	The Legend of The Beverly Hillbillies special ignored several plot twists of the TV movie, notably Jethro was now not a film director but a leading Los Angeles physician.	The Beverly Hillbillies	Los Angeles
participant of	József Pércsi (19 March 1942 in Földes -- June 2011) was a Hungarian wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	József Pércsi	1972 Summer Olympics
publication date	Shadows of Glory (Spanish:Sombras de gloria) is a Spanish-language American film released in 1930.	Shadows of Glory	1930
publisher	Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences (French: Revue Canadienne des Sciences de l'Administration) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Administrative Sciences Association of Canada.	Canadian Journal of Administrative Sciences	Wiley-Blackwell
sex or gender	Matt Schnobrich (born November 12, 1978) is a male rower who qualified for the prestigious bow seat in the United States Men's Eight in the rowing events of the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Matt Schnobrich	male
